This didn’t age well. People can’t find jobs now.
Leslie, you look like a skeleton! Why are you still on air? It’s time to go!😂
I see too many with degrees  just taking any job.
The Hispanic community will depleted with mass deportations
Housing cost
"I just want to say a quick word about what a good economy is because it’s been so long since we’ve had a good economy. You’ve got to be at least as old as I am to remember it. In a good economy business competes for people. There is a shortage of people to work for business. Everybody wants to hire you. They’ll train you, whatever it takes. They hire students before they get out of school. You can change jobs if you want to because other companies are always trying to hire you.   That’s the way the economy is supposed to be but that’s all turned around. For one reason, which I’ll keep coming back to, the budget deficit is too small. As soon as they started tightening up on budget deficits many years ago, we transformed from a good economy where the people were the most important thing to what I call this ‘crime against humanity’ that we have today……  So what you do is you target full employment, because that’s the kind of economy everybody wants to live in. And the right size deficit is whatever deficit corresponds to full employment…"  -- Warren Mosler, from a talk in Chianciano, Italy, on January 11, 2014 entitled Oltre L’Euro: La Sinistra. La Crisi. L’Alternativa.
People are tired of the BS. They have to work with bad managers, worthless employees, and companies that do not care! Plus there is the Latino problem.
I'm here to tell you that being homeless it's gonna be the new norm Cuz the average worker's money goes into a rent and mortgage they're barely surviving The American dream bend dead....
Management COO and CEO are all blind!!! It's a management problem!!! We are tired of all. You don't treat the working hands right and the pay needs to be better then peanuts!
I think you get out what you put in your. Or you cant make something out of nothing, also known as true colors. 😊
I enjoy Working.
60 minutes is 100%America and west propaganda
The pandemic changed a lot of lives either for good or worse. So many people I know chose to become entrepreneurs and social media influencers. Plus, there are so many people across the country are refusing to work for pennis. The American people are sick and tired of being sick and tired.
When they need them enough to pay them they will be lined up.
Covid lockdown was unconsionable and evil, a design purposely designed  to ruin our economy!!😠😡😠😡😠😡🐷😐
youtube tiktok influencers getting add and suscription revenue there to blame
I earned $5/hr in 1967 as a kid working at a gas station. THAT’S $42/hr IN 2024 DOLLARS. Any wonder people are struggling and mad? OUR GOVERNMENT IS DESTROYING THE DOLLAR.
It’s tough out there… but sometimes ya just have to suck it up and take a job…. Not be a baby
They suck😮
Because companies treat workers horribly, pay them terribly, and offer little benefits and loyalty, while demanding loyalty in return.  It's not "no one wants to work anymore." It's "no one wants to work an terrible job that doesn't pay them enough to pay their food and rent"
PLEASE STOP COMING TO NORTH AND SOUTH CAROLINA. PLEASEEEE.
And now employers are taking back the power one "we can't find the right employees" at a time.
Most of people does not practice gratitude enough. Work is what pays for things you want, otherwise either you let go or find a better job. We should all live as a tribe instead and let nature take care of us and our artificial way of living
The benefits of the bad administrated pandemic: Improvement of technology
Nobody want to cater the rich anymore and i think its not enough
**FJB**
I had a boss one time tell me your kids will understand when they grow up, while I was at her birthday party after giving him advaned notice about the party. When my dad was on his deathbed in the hospital, the same guy told me there's nothing you can do for him. I made him a LOT of money.....but I don't work for him anymore.
Hire illegals.  Only they will agree to work for pennies.
American people don't like oppressive work places. They will pass on the job or quit.
So...corporations are behind the invasion of America. The great replacement of American citizens.
I’m a certified combo welder…companies don’t even want to pay 20 an hour in my area.
I started My own business in summer 2021 never going back
Travis Covey, are you still in Pickens Greenville? In case you watch this I was wondering how things went for you. Are you still with BMW ? Greetings from Germany
More and more people might face a tough time in retirement. Low-paying jobs, inflation, and high rents make it hard to save. Now, middle-class Americans find it tough to own a home too, leaving them without a place to retire.
BIDEN HAS CREATED RECORD AMOUNTS OF NEW EMPLOYMENT!   UNDER RePUKElicans employers got away with paying peanuts… employers in USA are greedy & wages are too low!
Quitting? Huh!  I was laid off.  No work....anywhere in the plant.  I am not bilingual
Jobs need to stop treating  people like garbage.
You doubled your revune but kept the company employees pay the same. A worker problem my *ss. Sounds like an employer problem
NOBODY wants to hire half of the millennials or generation Z out here. They’re not very hirable due to their mindsets and thin skin. So yes these companies are hiring but they are only hiring a certain type. Dependable. So they’ll give the undocumented workers the work instead.
Most are young people with no work ethic who’ve become use to sitting around watching YouTubers and content creators make a load doing much of nothing but talking and it’s ruined the fabric of the work force. They’ve all quit to be Uber drivers. The gig economy has replaced everything.
how about now?
No point of working if you can’t afford anything
How are they paying their bills?
NOBODY WANTS TO WORK WITH TRANS PEOPLE.
Changing to a minimalist lifestyle cut out the need for a 9-5 job.  Sold my vehicle and a lot of the stuff I never really needed.  That gave me the startup capital to get an online resell business going.  It was stressful at first, but within 3 months, the business is self sufficient and I have 3x the money I made at a dayjob.
I call it early retirement.
Never work for a small business!
I'm an insurance adjuster and what makes it suck are the people.
It doesn't feel like companies are EGAR to hire so much as it feels like companies are ONLY placing wanted ads and then not hiring anyone to keep their wages down, less people to pay. Companies are realizing that 2 people can do the work of 3 or 4. So they're just running on 2 people to save money.
The market is good for workers. I just got a work-from-home job with zero experience in the industry. Go for it.
Hopefully the great resignation is still happening full force because lately it seem like it slowed down 🤔
Lol shocker after being exploited for decades and the highest education rate ever people demand fair pay
I was one of those more than 20,000,000 that quit their jobs in the 2nd half of 2021.
BS propaganda
They dont even wanna hire us. So whats the point?
We always hate the abusive elders for not telling us it was a reflection of self.  And tricked us into using the internet that wasnt private.  In our corporate open air prison.  They spy and harass us based off the comments etc.  Never was fun.  We have to pretend
Not me. Hola from. Queretaro  I remember.  Prayers for the world  End near Hola from Queretaro. Not me. for I moved to Mexico in 2021 at 79. It is less expensive and safer but you still must be alert, and do your homework.  Retirement or online income  is the  best way to support yourselves  Bring only one suitcase and a backpack Pay to have your stuff removed. Do not sell or give away due to criminals.  Move to Mexico.  God is in charge , and he has the weapons of mass destruction. He will end all this evil around the world, USA will not protect USA citizens. Our money is being stolen.  Move to Mexico  Allah u Akbar. . Praying for the world  All lives matter  All lives matter. Happy I moved to Mexico in 2021 at 79.  RIP Everyone,  The greedy are stealing our money.
no jobs in california for White People
Why are women always given a badge of honor when they choose to work as reported "she marriage, motherhood and career "but her husband did nothing NO HE CHOSE MARRIAGE FATHERHOOD CAREER PROVIDER PROTECTOR
NO ITS A GOVERNMENT PROBLEM HIGH TAXES AND INCENTIVES TO SIT AT HOME COLLECTING UNEMPLOYMENT laziness WHAT PEOPLE DON'T RELIZE IS THAT OFFICE IS RENTAL SPACE COMMERCIAL RENTAL WHICH REQUIRES MAINTENANCE ENGINEERS CUSTODIANS HVAC TECHS.IF WE CONTINUE THIS TREND THEN COMMERCIAL RENTAL GOES AWAY LOSE OF JOBS BY THE WAY WHILE WORKING FROM WHEN THAT AC/HEAT AIN'T WORKING YOU CAN'T CALL THE MAINTENANCE ENGINEERS, CALL THAT CONTRACTOR
7.25 a hour does not keep food on the table or pay the high rent prices, why would anyone think of doing a job that sucks so your boss can be a millionaire,  FTS
This aged poorly
Maybe they were forced to take poison or lose their job?? They'd rather be healthy!
Everitte door.....I left that job cus of the assualt and harassment by the shipping employees. The owner just laughed and the work environment was dangerous.
Paying less but asking for help… how can we afford to live
Because it aint no way to live. All these jobs ive had are so boring and exhausting that i just want to not exist. And when i have free time im to tired to enjoy it or go do something. Not to mention you dont make enough to afford anything
bulling ,bulling and bulling ... this is the main cause ...
I am still looking for a real job. I do like my side driver job. However, it’s only a side job. Very hard to find a real job after 54. I hope the job and economy gets better👍I did get hired at a nice department store retail. Seasonal. However, I don’t like the commission part and many customers are not buying much mens or womens clothes 😨
Let the chiefs n ceos pick up the slack.  For once
I highly recommend don’t have children, keep your life simple, no need to keep spending buying junk you don’t need, question why you think you need to buy what you think you need .. You don’t need new a big house, trust me , you don’t!!!
People are tired of abusive corporations who dont share their profits with their employees, who overworked them and underpay them. High health insurance premiums where Health insurance in the US should be abolished because is USELESS.  Employees dont get paid sick days, I guess people are sick of the corporate and government abuse. I just can figure out how are the paying their bills if they are not really “working”.  How can they buy food? medications? etc.
Jesus christ what a bunch whiners. Removing trees in sub zero termpatures and thunderstorms, delivering pizzas in state of emergency, cleaning interior of tanks that is 120 degrees and need to drink 5 gallons of water to survive, getting nose bleeds from the stress from the manufacturing jobs, list goes on and on. This is HellForce in Hell.
Women leaving their jobs and relying on the male population to keep the economy running. What a surprise.
Leslie the liar. 60 minutes has zero credibility these days. That’s a shame….😢
Because they refuse to pay people a decent wage for work. Everything is so expensive you would have to make 200,000 a year to live what the idea middle class life style. A house with 2 cars in the suburbs.
Just hire people who want to work and stop over working them .. how you say you have two jobs and your boss somehow always needs u to work overtime 😂 stop the 🧢
It is time for Neurodiversity in the workplace
The pay isn’t matching the cost of living, that’s it.
If you don’t have enough workers you RAISE THE PAY until they find it worth it. But these employers are greedy for too long and they feel entitled to cheap labor forever.
I’m a mechanic and we are paid on commission to put it simply. And sometimes we might only have 5 jobs scheduled and guess what if your not physically turning a wrench as we say. Then your not makin anything I have worked two weeks for 40 hours ! Time for me to move on I realize everyone needs to work but we gotta have a life outside of work. I was just thinking I remember people like my grandfather proud that they have not missed a day in 10 years and it’s really crazy if you think about it. That’s foolish to cheat yourself out of vacation and days off
If your greatest accomplishment is a college degree?? , Human resources is rhe place you ought to be!! rCorporatism sucks !!
It's not worth it to work so hard, ruin your body and never achieve a living wage or afford a place to live. There's no quality of life or growth available. A year after this story it's only getting worse.
The jobs are on BS. that’s why people are quitting
Not an Americano, but I would love if everyone just left the workforce until they cut all benefits. Simply to make property theft illegal again. Taxes is theft, and you Americans don't get much for you those high rates you put in.
This is all a lie. Corporations are not hiring even though they are promoting lies in advertising, saying they pay well and urgently hiring.  But in reality, no one is hiring unless you agree to work for 12hr part time.
Cause the federal reserve notes have no value anymore...  The pay isn't worth the labor , also to much slavery in the corporate realm.
I'm interested ,plz give me visa i want to come
People were paid to stay home by the Government, so the Government could withdrawl $6.2 Trillion from the Federal Reserve privately owned bank.
They're not quitting their jobs THAT'S A LIE, MORE PROPAGANDA JUST LIKE THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE AND OUR ECONOMY. YOU CAN'T HAVE A GOOD ECONOMY WHEN YOUR TRILLIONSIN DEBT
It's simply RepubliCON ideology and greed...selling poverty stricken voters their lies that they'll make it big under their grimy leadership. Those grimeballs need to be silenced
Its a case of employees not trusting the system anymore, causing them to lose motivation to work. They have to work hard enough just to survive and not get fired. Employees have to come into work on time almost everyday and again the next day. People dont want to work forever. They don’t see a future working for companies, they see dead end jobs.
What Americans???? White people come from Europe,!!.
Americans are NOT QUITTING.  they are being replaced with undocumented
Pay more and they will come
I shut down three companys i wont support our city state county our federal gov no longer represent the people
2022
I’m a nurse and I quit my job and I’m only 32. I’m tired, I was getting choked to dead and getting sick and not appreciated. Now I feel better although I’m cutting spending , I have focus on me. I’ll do that for afew months
I believe Americans finally don't want to be modern slaves anymore. Because that exactly what job "culture" in US is: slavory.
This is a great interview because it talks about how the workforce is changing from standard of life to quality of life focus and how that’s important and what the workforce is willing to do to achieve a happy quality of life
Parents shouldn't have to work for high school pay rates.
So immigrants are not taking our jobs can people make up their minds
A man don't work a man don't eat I'm going to work.
Now that's an ambitious lady, 4 jobs is hard to believe.
That's a no-brainer, the cost of living is way up, but the incomes are not!!!   dah!!!!!!!
Flexibility is a red flag key word for no commitment to employees use and discard…. Run!
The workplace has a toxic culture. Lots of bullying and threatening.
No work - no tax - no government - win win
This is just the start..
Trust me if the workers were holding the pen, we have better pay😂😂😂😂
It is a huge bullying, overworking, and underpaying problem all over the planet.  At hiring you negotiate something specific package then you end up doing double work for the same money, which leads to wear and tear and frustration. No life or low quality life from salary, the subsistence is too expensive.
I own and operate a private investigation agency. I have hired and fired people for failure to work a schedule that requires them to work nights, weekends, and holidays. I pay my investigators $50.00 an hour for a 40 hour work week with full benefits. Many people have the atitude that " I'll work when I want to ".
In California you are encouraged to be low income. Handouts for everything. Next year, others will pay for your electricity. Why bother working? You are punished for working hard in Ca.
Most of the jobs in this story are unskilled jobs. They are all driving for Amazon and Ride Sharing companies, making good money being their own boss instead of stuck in a hot restaurant or warehouse all day. They get to cruise around and get high. All the stores and restaurants use them. That is why there was/still is a shortage and high demand of used cars and new (besides the "chip shortage") and willing to pay over the msrp prices, because they need the vehicles for their job.
Employer's are not concerned about their employees so their employees are not concerned for the companies. Pay is too little for how much everything is costing these days. Put it this way, if you're getting abused by the work environment, people....barely surviving week to week to get by....why not get by homeless and live on your time. It's not that bad, just stay away from shelters and hubs of homeless. There are real predators out there. Get a van, a dog and get by but have time for you.
Monkey see, monkey do.
Liars
There is no more jobs in United States!  I pity on the youth how they can save for their retirement! Jobs are being replaced by senior citizens and machines!!! On top of this is the corruption and stealing 😂😂😂😂😂  There are no longer cashiers and sales associates in the stores like Walmart, Smith, Lowe’s, and etc!
Maybe stagnant wages?
60 minutes, those companies are lying to you 🤣 All of those companies have a stack of applications on their desk. They even terminate good employees.
It’s about respect, has nothing to do with Government money or handouts. I personally worked though the pandemic , and the last job I had they treated me awful so I moved on to another job. By the way I’m not in retail. I work in healthcare and hold several professional degrees. Workers are sick and tired of being treated horribly and having nothing to show for it. This article was a lot of propaganda by that lady at the fed, it was never about handouts at all, but I’m not surprised the government assumes something and the workers reasons are something completely different. And think about it the people who left retail had a reason it’s probably demeaning work,
These jobs suck. No benefits no paid vacation no health insurance low pay. What’s the point? You’d be better off begging on the streets what a bunch of idiots it’s not a worker problem it’s an owner problem
All the real jobs went overseas. Who  wants to work in a service based economy. It's great for women, not for men.
People shouldn't have too work two jobs too make ends meat they never pay a decent wage not minimum wage.
I'm glad ! Companies treat employees like dirt ! Let's make this change !
Maybe it's because all these illegal immigrants are stealing our jobs and now us white people are jobless and probably sleeping out in the street
Pay more than u won't have this problem make the pay reflect the work they do
It's not just that working life in the USA sucks, it is living life itself in the USA; 1.5 mass shootings each day as of today, gloom and doom news, divided politics, fear stoking that news agencies purposely do for ratings, traffic, stress, angry road ragers seen on each commute, etc. Leaving the USA is the goal now.
If one cannot afford 🏠 ng, where they worked, then they have to relocate to another place/city in order to live, work, survive.
With inflation, if you have to drive to work it's actually cost prohibitive. If companies can't offer remote work, then they're going to have a tough time.
We doubled our revenue year over year.  Lol, I wonder what the raises (if any) were?
its almost like a lot of companies treat their employees badly and don't pay enough...
Americans just work and dont enjoy life.
The days of micromanaging is over .   It started around 2008 salaries of CEO's skyrocketed .  With all this if you could get the amount of 5 instead of 10 they reduced the number of employees if that 5 could complete the work the reduced employment to 4 and it went on .  However this took a toll on employees . They were denied vacation time due to staffing , working longer hours , required to work at the bark of management .    The services the companies offered become  worse and people stopped using them .  This lead to a lot of bankrupt companies .   CEO'S had drained them financially without them being aware because of of manipulation with the books by the large management sector that kept growing  .  Not only. Did employees take a loss so did employers and it is going to take work and time to correct this shamble .
Anything under 100k a year is trash and life isn’t fun below that amount in any manner
Because all jobs pay TRASH take up TOO much time. Stop acting like working to death is cool
Not to mention that affordable housing isn't being built so why even bother working because all you will be doing is making someone else rich. And now with AI threatening to replace everyone why help the machine replace us all?
Because jobs in America mostly pay an inadequate wage, offer inadequate healthcare for a large percentage of your already inadequate salary, having to work with idiots who may also be your supervisors or managers, horrible work schedules, horrible and or unsafe working conditions, inadequate or no employee training,inadequate or no breaks, vacations, sick days and inadequate or no retirement plans. But it’s the workers fault right?
Because, people still get paid to stay at home.
Yeah as someone who has filled out over 200 applications only to be met with rejection letters instead of at least a single interview and all my developer friends who have been looking for work for over 6 months now... these "we're hiring" signs are total BS. They keep appearances for government reporting numbers and to get a collection of resumes in case they need to replace someone. But trust me... there is no shortage of labor anywhere.
Abusive customers, abusive coworkers, abusive management, underpaid.
WELFARE . This is just another government created problem they will use to raise taxes even more in order to “ solve” . Need proof ? Look at The liberals disastrous “ war on poverty” and see for yourself . 50 years , 25+ $trillion later and all we have are more poor people and a lot of debt . Clue : Do not expect government to solve problems it creates ….
For me - va ccine mandates. No thank you.
I quit my job and now I upload frequently on Pornhub.
Of course retail and hospitality jobs are terrible. You meet the worst kind of people there. You have to deal with favoritism, harassment, etc.
The economy has just gotten weird since the Covid crisis. A lot of people who were in two-income families tightened their belts during Covid and realized they could get by on one income. Also, I was amazed when we were just coming out of Covid, where so many had been laid-off, and my Dad sold his house, and was bombarded  with offers of over full price.
I can tell ya why, folks are tired of the "Keep them fed but keep them hungry" mentality. Thats doesnt cut it anymore. We dont want to be just surviving, we want to be able to live too. Not just making somebody else enough money to by a house while we have to rent at rent levels that are keeping us at poverty level life. Not to mention the more ya make now the more everybody invovled takes all the way up to the IRS so how do you get ahead.
Pay everyone. Hire everyone and not just people who look like you
How about all the brave men & women who refused to be bullied and refused the jab🤔
Forced to get the jab or loose their job by crooked lying politicians' who the corporations do what ever they say. people are getting fed up with the feeling they have no say in what they want,  they are just something to be told what to do.
People will not look to work in your business when the pay does not pay the bills and when out of pocket health care costs continue to increase.  They will look elsewhere, you will be left with the LEFTOVERS.  Those workers will leave your business once a better job offer comes along. We live in a era where it is JUST A JOB NOTHING MORE.  The great American job does not exist like they use to. Add in the fact that employers just do not give a dam about their employees and you have a situation where middle class workers do not give a crap if the whole thing collapses.  Especially since there is nothing at the end of the rainbow for workers.  I don't think alot of these companies realize how much they are destroying this country.  I guess they just don't care.
This interview is so one sided ask the american people what the problem is they will tell you but now one wants to hear the truth thats the saying.
How can you trust a reporter who lied about Russia, Trump and so on.
Education and transportations daycare costs for people and women
Many are not with educational colleges
Itz a inequality of who owns what and pucking and chosing who can have a business then whom cannot ,mistreatmenr  is a great problem . EMPLOYEES  WANT EVERYTHING THAT OWNWEZ OF BUSINESES HAVW AND TBEIR FAMILIES
No its not too many benefirs and checks .
People ae tired of being other peoples slaves its still not right or correct at all. AND MANY MULTITYDES OC PEOPLE SEE THEIR IS NO CHOICE TGEY SEE THEMSELVES AA NEVER HAD ANY CHANGES TOO  THE HEARTS AND MENTALITES OF THOSE WHOM DO IT WILL ANYONE BUT THEMSELVEZ TOO OWN A BUSINESS
The reasons why people are not going too those jobs is because they are tired of working for so.eone else and tbey want their own busineses and many if repubkicans donot want too open doors still too all those whom want tveir own busineses
Lol peace, that's what u have working from home!
😂😴
If anybody is looking for a job in new york state feel free to hit me up it basically will imitate the events at the world trade center having you run multiple floors in a multiple story building carrying 150 plus bags of cement weighing upwards of over 80lbs each running up and down in rushed fashion and knocking down giant cement  walls. Basically what they will do is stick you around somebody that claims they were at the world trade center and then they will send you to a location to imitate the event based offed that .
What benefits? Some people are never going to stop blaming welfare for every little problem when welfare doesn't give anything close to livable income!
Look, America took mom out of the home.  Kids come home to know one. Latch key kids are now adults.  So, women go to work and men go to work and get completely demoralized.  Bring it home and gas the whole family.  Work for what? Reputation sake?  Educate(mass shootings, everyday)  the people.  Try that on for size.
You can be jobless and live in your car with all the free time you can muster. Why work 60 hrs a week and still live in your car with no time for yourself , family or friends? All to help your boss build a House on Camelback Mountain? GFY's!
I bet it's because of the vax mandate.
The tables have turned and the pendulum of power has shifted… for good I hope…
"Americans" are all people who live on the American Continent, not just in the united states
Because the government is paying people to not work.
People are tired of being took advantage of. The company makes the majority of the profit. People work endlessly for a decent life. Have no time for self. They're working from paycheck to paycheck. With nothing to save. Barely enough to retire on. People rather try an find there own way.
They turned a dollar into a quarter by raising the cost of everything then collapsed the housing market to take back every corporate dollar earned by workers and invested into homes, then they rented America their homes back for $100 more a month than their mortgage was. Then they told America's soldiers they had to find a mental illness to get an apartment in an economy with no job for them when we should have been building them a free house instead of taking it away.   But, why put them in a school to defend it, that would save America's children who America's enemies hate, plus they use it to push legislation to take away your rights, the purpose. They told Americans they were overpopulated and non essential, and after 30 years of Intel became real and viruses didn't work, they told them to go back to work, and now they would have to work harder for less since they have robots to work, instead of creating nicer easier higher paid jobs since they have robots to do some free stuff.  They just suffocated 64 Million people randomly everywhere for 13 minutes and drowned them in their lungs like 6 million Jews in gas chambers doing the same thing. Walk in somewhere house, strangle them for 13 minutes, then drown Don's father in the bathtub and see what happens
The jobs are not paying so we do not care anymore
People are not "choosing" more affordable places, they are forced out because rent is too high.
There may be millions of jobs open, but they will not reply to inquiries and the majority of the time they won't hire.  I applied to nearly 100 jobs before I got 1.  And I had experience and a college degree. They don't want to hire. These companies just want the federal benefits.
Going to sit back and watch this stupidity from leaders. And when people refuse to help they are hitler
I quit my job when I found out after 15 years of service and best customer service ratings I was getting lower pay than the newly hired! REALLY???
The company I worked for was good when I was the new guy. Still  learning, no responsibility other than show up on time and not say anything stupid. 2 years and a promotion later I’m so far in the grave mentally it’s not even funny.  Toxic boss, never approves pto. Haven’t taken a personal day in three months. When I did he gave me 3.5 points. I was thrown into a new position and was told to “figure it out now…or else..” I managed to do that and 6 months later I’m too good at my job because I had to learn very fast with threats and bullying to succeed at my new position or be let go. I’ve trained over & over again and once they’re good enough to be a team member the boss takes them from me and puts them in a different part of the factory. Rinse, repeat. My team of 6 is all Spanish and I have to train them to build motors with google translate and just plain repetition. I’m not allowed even 1 hour of OT without approval from Management, and it never gets approved because they don’t want to communicate with other shifts. Easier to just say no to me. Management just walks around with a laptop every three hours, stands there and watches me for a minute, then walks away for the night. I’m getting paid well and that’s why I’m still here because I’m moving in a few months to finish school. My next job is will not be about money, it will be about culture.
I worked all my life and in the 90s workers were treated differently pretty good but after 2000 I was treated differently like garbage the mental abuse just isn’t worth it because they don’t pay you a living to begin with. Let’s talk about overtime, I was working for the great all American company Walmart we had a flood in our area they said all the overtime we wanted. After I got my 1000 dollar check they fired me.
I have advanced degrees in medicine and healthcare. I left my job due to racial discrimination from upper management and stakeholders. With all the terrible events the communities and people are going through, the last thing that is needed is racism and bigotry in the workplace. Since then, I decided not to work for any other organization again.
I decided to hire myself, best job decision you can currently make.
Buisness owners and clients still believe that you can live on wages slashed by a decade of raised cost of living, out of touch
Aurora - 60 minutes <3
Start paying the employees better quit the corporate greed and the workforce will return
I think people are just getting sick of each other and work conditions.
Now they're going to run back to their employers
It isn't just low paying jobs. I can't find people that want to make $100 an hour!
Linkedin executive hit the nail on the head. I am over 30 years factory trained German car tech considered an "essential worker". Laid  off after making $33/hr. Don't want to go back to work. Tired of the corporation making all the $$$ when they charge $150/hr for my labor but i   make $33. Burned out and have the arthritis in mt neck to prove it. Tax breaks to big corporations to trickle down to the workers is a pipe dream invented by the 1% rich. Been in the workforce since 1986 and I am burned out. I see through all the lies they don't work on me anymore.
Employees always had the power cause without employees the employers have no business
If one paycheck is less than rent, why would you show up to work?
Just a few short years ago working from home wasn't really an option the infrastructure to support it wasn't even mature enough and didn't have the horsepower at the time.
One multi-year depression and everyone will be clamoring for jobs again. And will have to go to work when they're told to go to work, and we'll have to be at work as long as it takes.
They are opting out because of taxes and crime that is pushing up housing cost.
Yep the kids don't want to work their way up.They want to start at the top. And they want to make and enjoy all the privileges that come with being the boss without really knowing what it truly means to be the boss.
Because you can work for cash and collect welfare only morons work for a w2
to put it simply. Workers are treated like crap. they are ither not offered enough hours or days or have too many hours. No pay raises, no offers of promotion even if there work record is Good . Workers are undervalued by many of there employers or managers. Non flexible hours, dismal pay.  Plus there are allso many employers who have unrealistic expectations of job seekers as well. many of them almost expect everybody to have all the skills needed right away. when i grad. High school I applied for work. only places I avoided. Mc Donalds and Walmart. I would apply for work and they would say "what experience do you have"I would say "Nothing but I am Shure I can learn if i am shown what to do and if I am working 3-4 days a week, I am willing to work and learn. " they would say 'Well we will get back to you' a week would go by Id call and then they would say they would keep me on file or some nonsense. I would say restaurant and hotel staff have it the worst.
I have a friend who worked in construction, he made enough to get by.  He took a few jobs outside on his own.  He quit his job, and can finally afford the life he and his family always wished.  I think there is great value in reaching independence from an employer.  Unfortunatelly this model is not feasible in every industry / scenario out there.  However, if you have the ability to make that career move, then do it.  Just be sure to learn what the tax implication will be, the responsabilities you may have to outsource.
The federal government is controlled by the wealthy elite who use it to keep Americans poor so that they can be controlled.  It's been the reason for almost every citizen uprising in all of recorded history.  The question is: Will the elite die horrible deaths, or will the people be crushed into submission once again.
A family of four with two  adults and two children can get $80,000 - $100,000 a year from the government for not working
People found out that it was all a lie. There are many ways to live that don't require you to follow along in their system. They treat you like dirt and throw you away when they are done with you. They look at you like animals. You are like cattle to them.
This is not the problem the problem is it's the jobs not hiring people they're using the help wanted or no one wants to work as an excuse for the government to pay them while they worked their understaffed like slaves
The amount of times I have walked into a shop and the person behind the counter is on their smartphone.  It just isn't the same anymore.  If you have a job serving people, they COME FIRST.  The public does not need smartphones.  Trust me, I did without a mobile phone all through my teens and twenties, and mid-thirties.  In fact; when I eventually got a mobile phone (Because I'd had years of freedom without one) all of a sudden, I had a boss that could contact me at ANY time he/she pleased.  To be honest, I actually hate getting emails now after working hours.  No matter who they are from, you just don't know.  Up comes a sign, messages awaiting...It really gives me anxiety. I sincerely feel sorry for myself (BUT) also for people born after me.  This really is a terrible world that we are living in.  My best advice.  Get out into the fields and forests and hills and go camping with friends and leave your phones at home.  Yes, leave them at home! No there isn't going to be an emergency!  No, don't give your kid a phone because in case they are ABDUCTED by someone.  That said, because everyone has a mobile phone now, it is expected of you to have a phone.  Your close friend or relative says:  'I've been trying to call you all morning'...Or your boss trying to get you.  Or bla bla bla.  It's a really CRAP world nowadays...
In the last six months, everything in my life has gone up ... except my wages.  Nobody is making more money
Serfdom be like...
could you all send me the contact info for James Jordan?
How many times do people need to say, 15 at the least is not livable! It's enough to keep up with room rent only. Not accounting extra city bills, and automobile bills! but not give us food or anything else
60 minutes videos always have closed off comments most of the time depending on their agenda needs
I wouldn't trust lefty liberal 60 minutes even if you gave me 5 years free salaries without working
GENERAL STRIKE NOW.
LIVING WAGE YOU FOOLS
If someone still from u and u don't new about? Well wen it's mother earth it's full ur going to get it wat I'm been in it poor
Money it's ur future in life ?
Yes it's my money u people still from me for solong ?
They abouse them
This way to much abouse fed it's sad ?
Way it's my own money I have to work for it ?
It's been abouse from people watching them
If the U.S. had similar worker protections as our peer nations (UK, AUS, Germany, France, etc.), this wouldn't be a problem. We're the only OECD nation that gets ZERO mandatory paid time off and zero parental leave. Most states also have at-will employment where you can be fired for practically any reason or no reason. There's no balance in this country, employers have all of the power. It's ridiculous.
Chik-fil-a is paying 17 an hour with no experience, have 20+ years of experience in the trades and have places  try to pay me 17 an hour for my skills. I straight up tell them to shove that low pay up their behind.
Also, inadequate training is a huge problem
this is sinister .. this lady just represents the establishment of exploitation  since 1971, people have been forced to increse their productivity by 150% and their compensation has increased only by 15% .. if the inflation of over 2.500% for the same time span is taken into account, people have basically been enslaved  this is why racism doesnt really exist .. because whatever the colour, we’re all just slaves on a plantation
i need job motherfuckrs
Police are ruining everyone’s commute.
So what is everyone living on? Why don't they ask that question.
Everyone gets fired from retirement this the rest
It's because these employers are bringing in illegal aliens and giving them the cushy job positions. Try to take over everything. I'm sick of it. Better get these illeagal Aliens out.
Not so simple , people just don’t quit, employers are not so interested in keeping employees long term , look at Amazon , when you get experience and work your way up the ladder they get rid of you , Walmart has a computer make your schedule , your hours change each week , what human being wants that , I know many part timers at Walmart that have quit , their hours have been cut to zero , how many companies offer any real retirement ?   How many have no choice but to quit their job , and if they are part time never apply for unemployment ? Do they get counted as quitting   ? Sure they do but it’s not because they have the cards in their hand it’s because they trying to survive.
AMERICANS ARE FAT FUÇÇIN LAZY SLOBS WHO DON'T LIKE TO WORK AND DON'T FEEL THEY SHOULD THEN CRY AND WINE THAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE TAKEN ALL THE WORK
Tired of getting effed.
Move to West Virginia. 😁
Because you can make as much in welfare as you can working 40 hours a week
If people could work 10 hour shifts 4 days a week. I think people would be much happier to work. Balanced lifestyle
No reason to work hard when we have unstable housing or both renters and mortgage buyers. To say the least
They take forever to give benefits n they treat People like that n plus they Would lied,, and many other things
I'm 53 yrs old and KNOW what hard work IS!!!.. in my opinion and experience is that a lot of companies DO NOT!! know WHO TO FIRE & Who to HIRE!!..( Even if they have video PROFF !!)... Technology & video games have weakend this new generation of kids make lazy... these companies have this mind set where they think LIKE: Get them young & get ride of the old!??? That's STUPID!!.. but NOT looking at attendance and job performance!!!??... I'm DONE!! with this sht!!!.. KNOW YOUR VALUE IN LIFE B STRONG!!.💥🦾✌️
fake news, I see plenty of people looking for work and not getting phone calls back for interviews. Stop giving corporations trillions in bailouts and maybe they'll want to work.
The big lie we need to work till we are in our 60s and need stack money put away just to live a little longer.
People are tired of employers low pay, high taxes, not being treated well, it's about time people stood up.
Wait til the economy takes a total dump, it will change people will have no choice
All veterans get lifetime disability checks, food stamps, rampant disability fraud, cash aid, government program fraud such as the ppp loan  frauds. Basically why work just pretend your a victim and the taxpayer will.flip the bill
9 years on a job and 6 of those being a Foreman.  Last 2 years of that job they wouldnt allow my medical coverage which is law in Hawaii.  Left after getting sick right when Covid arrived for another job.  Because of Covid that job offer was retracted and found myself unemployed.  2 dead end jobs since Covid now.  I was at 1 for a year and left after they expected me to clean up a meth using coworker’s feces who they allowed to live in the workplace office, and the second job I have been currently laid off for the last 6 months for what I believe is because I stood up to a punk of a Foreman who kept telling other coworkers how he would “knock them out” and he started to try and bully me which I wasnt gonna deal with.  So after (un-aggressively) confronting him and later explaining myself to management, I was since laid off.
Ive promoted remote work
Sounds like the industries could use kind management….and new incentives to come and apply.
POWER TO THE WORKERS!!!! 🚩🚩🚩
Everything proven not working at all cause problem's on people's thinking now days plus it causes problem's on people's health now days everything proven being lazy causes problem's on people's lives everything proven that is not cool at all
60 minutes can't be trusted
Who pays these people to stay home?
This disappeared pretty quick from the news.
19 months ago?  Rollout of mandate coercion totake shot?
People got used to freebies and became entitled.  You shouldn’t get paid for just showing up and people expect to be able to buy a house and new car on a low skill job.
My managers & work environment are toxic. I think I’ll promise to tell my story every single day until they stop.
How to hire workers,  Step 1: Increase wages!
Lazy people.
Yeah, look at all those Twitter employees! Thousands coincidentally quit one day! lol
It should be way are Americans obese stupid and lazy with drugs problems.
This is not the main problem. The main problem is absolutely government handouts.
Really what are people doing for money.  I have 43 yrs  in the bricklayers union I can retire next year and draw my pension. But im in a red we passed state laws to block mandates we never had lockdowns here vaccines and masks have always been an individual's choice I haven't missed a day of work since covid started watching the news an  ever thing going on everywhere else was weird the only thing that happened here was we had to wear a mask in Walmart for a few weeks and some restaurants were drive thru only for a bit that's it. It was crazy that people were lockdown for 2yrs it hurt alot of people in other states especially if you refused the vaccine an were fired we didnt have that here I wouldn't take it because I'm never sick I've had insurance for 43 yrs now an I've used it once when one of my horses bucked me off an I had to get afew stitches. I probably haven't taken a hundred aspirin in my life but not going to lie they really freaked me out with the mandates I'm like why are they forcing people to take an experimental vaccine for a virus with a 99.7% survival rate then  the manufacturers were given immunity from prosecution an they were try to legally seal the data research away for 75yrs I was like WTF I'll never take that crap  Which turns out doesn't keep you from getting it or spreading it so why  unless your not very healthy or you just want to get it . That's what we had here I never told any body to not take it really it's none of my business what you do . I never got covid an everyone I knew who had it was off work for 4 or 5 days and back to work . The CDC finally did say the majority of people who died from covid had at least 3 contributing factors weak immune systems obesity other stuff like colin Powell listed as died of covid no mention of his advanced cancer his age 84yrs old.  I feel3bad for people in other states that lost there jobs over vaccines an turns out they dont work well I guess they say it helps your symptoms be less severe if you get it but doesn't keep you from getting it or spreading it I'm sure I'll be fine. The hate back then was crazy wasn't a problem here but get on YouTube and watch people having meltdowns over masks and vaccines that was crazy like I was watching a movie we didn't have that here nobody was asking people if they were vaxed or not wanna were a mask go ahead or don't nobody cared the fact they still pushed it after they found out we lost like 60 000 veteran soldiers over a virus with a 99.7% survival rate an a vaccine that doesn't  keep you from getting it or spreading it how insane  is that think some places people are still pushing it they must have stock shares in big pharma
I would like to know what "Sex" is leaving the most in jobs. Male or female? That would be a great study.
She said there are thousands of jobs in America right now, but what about remote work if the person is traveling abroad at the moment?  I heard that most (mentally healthy, at least, or especially, for girls) remote jobs are not real, or are not 100% remote, so I'm happy that people are starting to hire themselves and make their own careers, God willing.
The pay in those jobs can't pay the rent.  Construction is paying low  ime in that field owners think they can pay you low and rip you off  . While they make millions and you can pay the rent the they hire. Elegal us citizens living 10 to a house and going home not paying taxes and leaving us with there medical bills.
Forget "Treat the janitor w the same respect you pay the CEO." I dont want to assassinate the janitor.
Companies started to whittle away at their employees and patted themselves on the back. They got higher and higher rates of productivity all while saving money and earning huge bonuses for the management teams. And then the wheels came off. This has been the accepted mode of management for so long they just don't know what's going on.
It’s a pay problem 😂 they know.
Work for yourself and make $100 an he vs killing yourself and making someone else rich for nothing I hate America bc what it was it’s changing buy local. Make these over large stores go broke since they’ve been getting rich off you by buying low and selling extremely high
It's the usa
End of 2022….Now they are being laid off🤔  If you want do better feel free to open your business. If you really have the drive, start hiring employees. 😮
Now that we are in a recession and big employers like Twitter are laying off people how is this great resignation changing? Are people still quitting their jobs? Going back to the office? Putting up with BS and low pay? Going into the "gig" economy? Still got to pay the bills.
"The Omicron Variant"!!! A PLAGUE OF DEADLY, DEADLY SNIFFLES!!!
Because these employers won’t pay or improve working conditions. Nobody wants to hand over their entire paycheck to bills when they’ve had to work their butts off.
many restaurants don't have benefits and in Texas still, a minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, and the owner want the employee to do the job for the  2 people.  they prefer hiring illegal immigrants, no paying a resonable  salary
Is employment in HRA projects in New York based on race, nationality, and language?  My English level is sufficient to do my job and I did it within three weeks.  > https://nnewwwsss.blogspot.com/2022/11/is-employment-in-hra-projects-in-new.html
People are tired of the Democrat-run cities because of their mafia leadership and ridiculous taxes! Stop voting for these A-Holes!
Maybe pay your workers instead of bleeding them dry?
Multiracialism and mass immigration from third world countries destroyed America
The most important thing that should be on everyone mind currently should be to invest in different sources of income that doesn't depend on the government. Especially with the current economic crisis around the word. This is still a good time to invest in various stocks, Gold, silver and digital currencies.
The problem is you go to college and earn a very expensive degree and put in a massive amount of work to do well and then you get out of college and realize you're only gonna make 17 or $18 an hour and you can't survive on that in today's society especially if you have to travel miles to your job pay for your mortgage your car payment water sewage garbage Internet phone food medical and who knows how many other bills
I recently quit my job at Walgreens for the same reason. I was working 40 hours a week for $15 an hour. My manager told me that I would be doing the job of three people. When I said I should be getting paid more than $15 an hour, her response was “You have to earn more than $15 an hour.” Who can afford an apartment on $15 an hour?
It would help if we were people and not a number in a computer.
It would help If the workforce would hire equal opportunity like stated but it's not. There looking for people in a age bracket, education,  meets insensitive programs, and no restrictions. Perfect people that's not how open employment works. Housing in the area where there employment.
Why are they not hiring?
Which pompous, wealthy, arrogant member of Congress recently announced to the U.S. on television that people need to work, that young people do not realize they have to work.... Work for what? People working two jobs have to live in their cars, some with children, some active duty military, too underpaid to buy healthy food and gas....  Wealthy white men born with silver spoons in their mouth, hereditary political power and guaranteed admission to mom or dad's Ivy League alma mater are completely detached from American reality. Young people not born into privilege know that America has already destined them to homelessness and trillion dollar eternal national debt.  In my childhood there was an America of hope and possibility. My parents were high school educated. I began working in high school, worked my way through college for 2 degrees and graduated with no debt. I remained steadily employed, purchased a small, old but affordable home. Soon I will retire  The opportunity that existed in my childhood, the American dream, no longer exists for most young people. They know it! And despair is driving them to drugs, overdose and suicide. If Amazon, Starbucks, local grocery stores and America's notorious corporate-owned, for-profit hospitals want young, U.S. born, U.S.educated employees who want to work, then give them respect, a liveable salary with adequate benefits, and a job worth working!  And stop replacing them with lower-paid, permanent temporary overseas replacements whom the  soon-to-be-homeless former employees must train before their last day, ended with an armed security guard escort out the door.
This journalist found highly intelligent and empathetic interviewees. I don't think it represents many employers.   Employers are not desperate enough for employees until they double the pay. We need to value and pay hospitality workers as any other specialized trade. Dealing with people is an art form in itself.
5:28 Texas governor Greg Abbott thought the same about people getting benefits for keeping jobs unfilled, even after he got rid of the benefits no one went back to work.
Imagine nobody wanna work in America anymore >__<
Restaurant and hotels don't pay anything that's why they leave.
Ask the people who quit.
Quiet quit from a toxic environment. I have more peace trying to figure things out financially rather than work there and losing my sanity.
Here's my data my Common Sense data and that is that the people that are quitting work for the most profitable companies there are because thats  where people are getting abused, mistreated and underpaid.
Work has become increasingly hostile with bullying and other forms of abuse leading to insomnia, addiction, work related suicide etc. these environments r not safe
This is the result of Americans getting sick of capitalist slavery.
Miami metro area is near 7 million its actually bigger than san francisco just as expensive but pay is far less. The people moving to Miami are not Americans they are Cubans Colombians Venezuelans Nicaraguans dominicans and Hatians. Truth.
As for construction jobs that's the result of sending all the Mexicans back to Mexico. Truth.
Because pay is too low and cost of living too high and Webcam shows pay more 🤣 🤣 cities like Miami have been suffering for years low pay high cost of living and now the rest of the usa is starting to experience what Miami began to feel 20 years ago. My I went from working in a restaurant in Miami to flipping cheap houses in Michigan. Now I have freedom to live and still make more than enough money to survive.
Because most of yall dont pay over 13$ an hour to people with WHOLE FAMILIES  and then blame them for their lack of experience. Then yall wanna play favorites and hire only people you know or that other people know and yall be hording hours.
The working conditions ain't good enough
Pay good wages, and you’ll get workers!!
How are people living without working????
It was because they were all requiring the jab
People have not forgotten companies polices with covid  so many jobs require covid shots and boosters and to be hired.get rid of covid polices
It's simple why most companies are just using employees  in any job given with multiple job duties  with one pay.its not just do what the boss says now it's pay me for everything I do.onepay and do everything  else is just not an option  to employees  anymore.
Cause of our government sending money to Ukraine 🇺🇦 so what's the point of working on a war and nothing being done to have a safer environment for our children with gun violence and nothing for helping homeless people who have worked and drug situation alot of these jobs are 🎓 college factory 🏭 work is all out of country everybody doesn't want to work corporate factory work needs to come back to America 🇺🇸.
Its a cost of living problem
People are standing up to the greed of the corporations and it's about time.
I was at work a mother back in 1999 and I ended up with pneumonia and then because I had to take the month off in the hospital on almost die I get out of the hospital then my son comes down sick his father can't take the day off I have to take the day off and by the end of the next day I'm fired!
Because we are worth more then someone’s bottom line. Sadly I think this “ recession “ that everyone is talking about is gonna eliminate the open jobs and force people to do the job of 3 people .
Get rid of the Democratic virus and america will heal itself
Jobs still offer minimal pay, no respect, outlandish requirements, and nearly no benefits
Bottom line is people still need incomes to live and to raise families.  People are not quitting, but to move to cheaper places with new jobs. Maybe it's time to take more immigrants to fill vacant jobs.:-)
I've meet some of these people who quit ....many of them are lazy kids who just got out of high school and never worked a hard day's work in their life. My current job we have kids that we get that start working there ...they stay for few months ...then leave or quit on the job we had a few walk off the job site.
Glad to see this. Hopefully this will bankrupt many businesses that don’t pay well or force them to pay more.
“We have this unique view of the data” that allows her to smile through the abject suffering that she doesn’t apparently see. Most of the time it’s literally too expensive to keep commuting to the same crappy jobs as were open for the past twenty years. The FACT is that when rent goes up 50-250% and when gas fluctuations are always playing with the paycheck...those service sector jobs are not are viable for the worker. There is a major reshuffle that is happening because of the housing crisis crunching their life into smaller and smaller pieces. Smaller businesses are great...but they do not love hiring the new comers to a town.
It's simple. Young people don't work. Walk into a retail store, fast food restaurant. It's almost always staffed by 50+ year olds. Young people are lazy. We have people getting paid to make videos, stream, sell their naughty pictures on onlyfans. None of these things are productive jobs. You have more 20-30 year old kids still living at home than there's ever been. When I was a young person parents didn't let this happen. We were taught to be responsible, to want independence. These young people want to stay home and play video games and watch videos and their parents allow it, make excuses for them. The future is bleak. Young kids and young adults live in fantasy land. They'd better wake up soon.
Because they sat on their butts for two years and got paid to do it!!!
BECAUSE YOUR RULING IS OVER TIME FOR U MF TO GET OFF OUR LAND !
I bet one of the reasons is Karens. I mean, the way they think and act is completely cuckoo.
! Name one person you know that applied for a decent pay job that got hired within weeks I can’t name one person, hi interest rates I can’t nAme one what is LinkedIn and indeed talking about Someone told me in the south they hiring in the bay naw!
The problem is our government that is facts
They will feel differently when student loan debt comes back.
Its a government subsidy problem!!
There’s the new attitude - Pay me $100 hour to sit on my axx to watch me play on my Phone!! Stay home and starve . All them border crossers will have those jobs You snubbed your nose AT!
Laziness, entitlement and dependence on mommy and daddy.
I remember struggling to work with a severe case of strep. 105⁰ fever, couldn't eat, couldn't sleep and, given my ill health, I wasn't able to think clearly at all. Yet I had to go in to my job in which I was responsible for children because my boss didn't take me seriously when I said I was sick. This is just an example, there are more. Started my own business during covid and haven't looked back.
Employers don’t have complete and total leverage in negotiations? I, for one, am crying big fat tears for the poor American business owners…..
Ita a lack of time this is the end of earth folks
High fuel costs, out of control inflation, poor working conditions,  all thanks to the corrupt failed Democrats!
iii y
pay & mandates taking our rights through companies and their policies or their political ties...
Employers: Don't pay enough for a 1bedroom apartment and food let alone a car and savings. Also Employers: It's a worker problem.
There is thousands of Available jobs but they’re low pay, Ads says one thing but when you get there its minimum wage $14.50 jobs
People get tired of being used and abuse by their job and lied to ;my boss get $1600 bonus every two weeks and we get donuts and brownies as a bonus what a bunch of crap
nobody wants to work because 15.00 an hour doesnt cut it
Some employers have fewer employees and getting the remaining do more work.
“Essential” workers are worn out.  When they closed so many things down, the “essential” workers ended up doing more work than ever. It is just not right that all those others got to stay home and collect unemployment, while the minimum wage workers and those in health care were worked to death. Justice would be to give all the “essential” workers who worked so hard, some paid time off. Make those who sat on their butts and collected pay for it. Don’t wonder why doctors, nurses and others in healthcare up and quit.
I just got my first accounting job a semester to go from graduating, people are unbearable to work with, with my Degree I’m already looking into after a year at current position to find a remote from home job.
Yeah I had gotten over in December and I haven't gone back to work I had to retire I'm on oxygen 24/7 now
Pay better and you will get tons of excellent workers. Better pay means $25 and hour and up based on position and experience. Also have enough workers to cover the amount of production your business requires. For example an employer will say okay I will pay $25 and hour but I will have this particular employee do several tasks during his/her shift, do not hire a waiter then expect that same waiter do the dishes and light cooking for the same pay. Pay enough or $25 an hour with an minimum increase of 3% annually. It is time to share the profits by paying better, you as an employer still gonna make your money perhaps less than in the past when you used to pay $12 or less an hour and keep your business up and running.
Realisation  one word
Are you kidding! Corp America is satanic. They hire psychotic criminal minded managers who drive employees insane or to their graves! Corporatism nowadays is exactly how Anton lavey would run his church! Workplace shootings, the lies, abuse, etc.. Corp America is a criminal enterprise at its core! Driven by greed of the dollar.. Corp has been putting people in their graves since it's inception...
I think it’s a left policy they fled to proper state.
Woke firms and stupid workplace for enforcing the Covid jab.
People are sick of crappy jobs, the crappy people they have to drive an hour work with on a daily basis, and crappy employers who don't care about the crappy workplace. Maybe we just need fewer crappy people, flapping around being crappy. Don't be crappy.🙂
People quit because of an 8th grade education.... believing you are worth $50 million a Year
Lazy democrats never want to work.
Because they are sick and tired of greedy bas#turds using and abusing them!
Is only the Biden Administration fault 🙄🙄🙄and the left agenda to make people dependent on the government.,plus Covid making everyone stay home ,so people got used to getting money without work, even if it is less $$$.
Even if it was true that people weren't going back to work because of the stimulus, we deserve it. We've been exploited long enough. We should be paid off.
"Why is everybody quitting their jobs?  They're paying higher wages." Too little, too late. Wages should've gone up long ago. And who cares if I'm getting paid$15 an hour if I still can't afford a roof over my head because I'm still only working part-time, with no health benefits, and damn sure can't afford health insurance. This system doesn't work. We're all being used, and we know it. We just don't have time for these b.s. jobs.  We have to find a way to survive & go on.
People are finally starting to realize that there is more to life then working
The FBI should work on our politicians and not try to hurt innocent citizens that paid taxes to the people to keep their jobs going they need to work on the politicians they're doing sneaky on her hand and mean things to people
And if you haven't woke up by now wake up because you can't trust the people in charge you can't trust them they've proven themselves to be complete liars every last one of them every last one of them all the presidents complete liars all the congressman complete liars scammers giving government money to corporations that they can buy stock in how's
💯
I live in las vegas the truth is no business or casinos are hiring the only hiring women with no experience and they are having plastice surgery. They should call las vegas  Silicon valley
I am a woman, I don't miss my parents or my children, I want a better pay, a safe working environment, no more toxic employers.
Why don’t you guys talk about how people are many times forced to work for very little because they need to survive? Why don’t companies show heart and treat their employees the way they would want to be treated?
People are doing YouTube and TikTok channels and they are converting their vans to living space and reducing their bills. Everyone’s just sick of being treated so poorly by employers. Do you blame them?
CNN is backing NYC landlords and government. The more people in the office the property taxes the city collects and the more predatory landlords make. Why doesn't Smerconish do a hit piece on landlords? He won't. They are his donor class. Put an orange wig on Smerconish and he would be Trump. Is this Fox News? 50 years ago employers broke their contract with laborers. NYC is a no fault state and people can be fired without reason. Employers don't have to be loyal but Smerconish demands that workers be loyal, your rent be damned.
Yes the boomers have had reported to retire in droves, every time there is a downturn in the economy ,,like the housing crisis and now.  It is a great time to replace higher labor costs with lower labor cost.   When I see titles of videos or articles like this : Code for Corporations for more higher paid people with benefits to be pushed out and replaced with cheaper paid ones,,,the great American job cycle to  help the companies cut costs esp during inflationary times,,,,,          This kind of crap also leads to less good paying jjobs and good managed companies ,,that bleed out any worker efficiency, that  most of the management is oblivious to anyway.
I went through 20 jobs in a three year period.  Not because I was a horrible employee.  On the contrary, I am moldable, open minded, hard working, smart and can take constructive criticism.   But if you treat me poorly, if you don't give me my vacation or are flexible with my time. Regardless if I went through my paid vacation.   If you can't see me as a human, I'm out.    Thankfully I have found a really great place that I love and I feel appreciated.    I thank the God's for this job.   Its everything I wanted so far.   Now I just need them to pay for my college tuition.   Don't give up on finding a job that fits  you and your lifestyle.   Better jobs are out there.
offering crumbs for pay to their parents for decades.. the young decided to stop being slaves,, just stop investing in the usa,, ie,, they decided having babies was not a good way to get ahead if there is nothing in the future for them.. the media/hollywood/corporate CEO' s made themselves rich  slapping the slaves.   they sold everything and moved to tiny homes with cash and no debt.
THE PAY FOR THESE JOBS PLUS THE MILITARY PAY COULD INCREASE THE INCENTIVES FOR MORE TO GO IN THE MILITARY....?
SINCE WE ARE NOT IN A WAR , WHAT ABOUT SENDING SOME OF OUR PEOPLE IN THE ARMED FORCES TO FILL THESE JOBS, COLLECTIN THE JOB PAY IN ADDITION TO THE PAY & LODGING THEY GET IN THE MILITARY???
HOPEFULLY , IN PART , THIS IS BECAUSE  SO MANY DO NOT WANT TO BA A PART OF PRICE GOUGING.....
I feel and pray for all you that have been left behind and feel that God has abandoned you and no one's around to help you
60 mins protecing  donkeypox  admin
It's very clear to me that the company I work for doesn't give one crap if I can afford to live while I help them make upwards of 20 million a year. I'm overworked underpaid and they won't even hire an assistant to help me. Sick of these people they're demons. And I'm not in a service industry btw. I work as an assistant project manager but I'm doing a project coordinators job for a commercial construction company. Completely burnt out.
Your company will not give you two weeks notice
I never quit a job but I was fired from about 20 of them before I gave up.
Trump/Greene 2024
Disney fired me because I refused to pay for equipment for their company, refused to work free overtime, refused to drive back into toxic office. And the managers were rude while trying to get everything out of me.
A Ugandan friend is lucky if he can find a day job making 2 bucks a day, and here are, bellyaching about how bad we have it!
I retired this year at age 62 from nursing. My last job was at VA. I could pop off names of guys who sit at home doing jack squat because they're, "Disabled". They get fatter, get chronic disease processes going, and, yeah, now they're less able to do something. Could they do SOMETHING? Yes, they could, but they get paid to sit on their butts! I am retired, but not retired- I restore antique furniture and am turning an old church building into a house. I guess you could say I'm now a manufacturer.
Everyone is quitting and no one is hiring
restaurant worker  got it worse .. based on tip. Who does that to other human?
A lot of these jobs are aggravating.
That's why indians are taking all the jobs all over the world✊🔥
If people are quitting and don't want to work then why the unemployment rate 3.7%? Shouldn't it be like 10 or 20%? Some one is not telling the truth.
Because they are stupid and lazy. Then they complain about not being able to make ends meet. This is what happens when you don't teach the young to work for what you want.
Our goverment kicked out all the undocumented migrants . The bread and butter of America. What you expect
Housing costs are out of control and wages still aren't where they need to be to account for this.
Still we need to gain more controls on our futures  Richest just wanna more and destroys our dignities dreams and peace
Wait till things get even more tight, then these SPOILED ENTITLED babies will be crying for a job. You don't work, you don't eat.
They mentioned mostly women. Maybe onlyfans is the culprit.
Like Elon Musk said “go not work for another company.” When telling employees to get back to the office for a minimum of 40 hours per week.
American are tired of being cheated and just making it. Pay check to pay check is not what Americans want.
Ever since that stupid pandemic was here and ppl were told get the vaccine or lose their jobs, many quit.  Then all of a sudden you see "help wanted" or "now hiring" signs everywhere.    Ppl quit their jobs and went elsewhere for work where you didn't have to get the vaccine.     Several businesses went under just because of that.  They lost good workers  They lost customers  They lost revenue They lost their businesses.    For the past 3 years construction has been booming here where I live, in the area where ppl have said,  "This part of town is either dying or dead"  How wrong those people were that said that.
BECAUSE YOU AND OTHERS LIKE YOU ARE TURNING THIS COUNTRY COMUNIST.THIS IS YOUR PLAN .
Because the federal reserve board the seven members who are elected by the president of United States of America for up to a term of 14 years or tired of being financially stolen from with inflation and deflation and with the banks taking control over our monetary system. What in retrospective is inflation stealing from the poor and giving to the rich!
Bills pay themselves nowadays, I guess. Plant a grove of money trees in your yard. Fertilize, water and wait...
I'm getting paid great can't complain with no degrees americans are lazy people I know because even with the ones I work with are very lazy most not all but I say about 60% and the ones are working take advantage of the system calling off playing the race card
It wasn’t the job I found tiring, but all the bs and politics, the power plays and useless rules.
History repeats itself. All of this happened when the flu first hit Usa.
You expect Americans to work 40 works a week 5 days a week with low wages,  no guaranteed vacations, or even time off for having a baby. Americans are being abused when it comes to having workers rights
What's interesting to me is that some people  are starting  to work for themselves or using employment agencies. In the  healthcare field  we call it Private Duty. I had my own little  agency in the  early 2,000's. I hired 5 other Nursing assistants to do round the clock care for one client. The family  paid me one check for all the hours  worked and I paid the girls. I made the schedule. I filled  in if someone had an emergency. We had meetings to address problems. After the client died we all went to agency  work.  I gave them  their  1099 Form  so they could  pay their taxes. That's been  trending more for Nurses and Nursing assistants and other types of work, like housekeeping for the last 10 years or more. Even before Covid I've worked  in many hospitals and health facilities with only a skeleton crew in quarantine situations. You know it's much worse  now since I  just retired  this year. I've seen  doctors and other medical staff over worked, actually  falling asleep  while  standing  up. Your  body can only take but so much.I salute  healthcare workers, law enforcement officers, fire department, teachers, and  all emergency workers who are  under  fire sometimes lately, and some are so burnt out they are leaving. I don't think I could walk a mile in their  shoes.
It really turns out that no one is hiring because we’re all applying like crazy but not getting called back.
People are quitting their jobs.because the taxes are to high and what ever increase is in pay the government takes it in taxes. Individuals choose to live homeless rather then pay high taxes out of their paychecks   What is really happening is the working person is tired of working for free! The elite want a digital currency with a digital constitution.    We need to keep everyone aware of what is going on. This way informative decisions can be made. They have always murdered individuals with knowledge that stand in their way. If people understood that the elites goals is to make us slaves they would rebell against them.  The elite no longer need us so they don't care what happens to the human race  It is always divide and conker on a mental and physical playing field.
I believe the reason why Americans refuse to go to work in numbers numbers as high as they are is because is what better way to get the government's attention than everybody stopped working if everybody in this country didn't go to work for a year what would happen to America I think it's part of making a stand is the reason why they're not going back to work
They are NOT hiring American people. They are hiring illegals, Jamaican, Overseas workers, Brazilians..ect. WHY ? because they are cheaper.... period.
It's to the point; pay doesn't even matter, give me liberty 🗽 or nothing at all.
I cant get a job in my field
she worked for the federal reserve... doesn't she know they are a criminal syndicate indebting the gvt and the taxservants tremendously ?  $30 T so far and skyrocketing !
Despite the economic downturn. I'm so happy l have been earning $60,000 return from my $7,000 investment every 14days of trading.
What are they living off of probably off the fing government the hand outs
i think the media has an agenda that needs to be filled with this bs of record quiting jobs
Listen to that builder we doubled our revenue year after year but can't keep people from quitting maybe they should get better pay if your earning so much more off the backs of others. It shows you that employers don't get it that when a company is doing well because of the work they do everyone should do better both employers and employees!
I work at a grocery store but they only want to pay $11 an hour that’s not even worth showing up now days
Bcith you know its biden's fault
Most sound and healthy ppl do not want control. They simply want to exercise their inherent free will uninterrupted. Understandable.
CPR CORE Las Vegas @ kens foods will rob you blind.
Mothers are also home schooling!
Because when you get a half way decent job. The gov takes your foostamps raises your rent sky high.. Then they pay their bills and have no money for food!!!
Welcome  to the democratic trash world of bumbling bafoon biden.
I don't know or care, but they can give one of their jobs to me.
I resigned from my job because American asset striping company bought my company, took billions worth loans and expected me to work 3 people jobs. So I choose to resign rather to risk stoke or hart attack.
Try being an amazon driver🤦🏽‍♂️💀
Employer abuse is nothing new in this country.  Last time this happened, people didn’t quit they formed unions.  Not a fan of unions,  I would rather see people quit and find a way to be self employed.  It’s time we stop padding corporations pockets and go back to supporting mom and pop shops.  People are usually happier working for local businesses.
Working for a clueless management staff is the biggest problem.  Worst of all, they hsve zero clue they are clueless...No, really..
What people are saying is “Life is too short.”
Honestly  some employees offer crappy positions  to cover. I do not blame anyone and then you have to put up with terrible  people at work.
People people wokeup  I did . We have family  we disserve better lifes
My question is How are people paying their bills if they are NOT working?
Of course, it's welfare. If not for all that free money, what would people eat, how would people pay $1,500/month rent, etc? When welfare pays better than working, why would anybody work?
The last few jobs I have been offered were part time or contract work. No stability, no benefits. When almost even academia went “adjunct” and administrative jobs went gig economy, it just wasn’t worth the abuse.
People are quitting their low paying jobs that are making them feel like they’re not ever going to get ahead.
BEACAUSE OF VACCINE MANDATES YOU JACK4SSES
Americans are quiting because they are tired of dealing with rude, entitled, and disrespectful Americans. It's disgusting how people treat each other.
Take this job and shove it!
I'm retired after a 32 year career with a university degree. I do not need a company's benefits since I am taken care of. I just want to work, just to have something to do. Call me today, and if the wage is right, I'll be at your work tomorrow. THAT FAST. My resume' has been on LinkedIn, nobody has called nor returned my application submissions with so much as a thank you for applying. I'm beginning to believe companies want the younger generation to pay them less and save on benefits,, then turn around and say nobody wants to work. Yet, here I sit ready to work.
Because this country no longer functions. But it was never designed for that. They want to keep us down.
I always said that if your not happy with your situation Only You can change your situation.
You can still work from home if you are classified as a “valuable employee” to their company.
This video is really outdated, who the heck wants to come here to Miami?!  This is an unfriendly city and jobs are scares here as well and let me not start about house buying.  I own my home and have lived here for about 58yrs, I moved was moved down here with my foster parents and plan on leaving maybe in 10yrs when I turn 70 or by the time I hit 65. I lost my job into 2019 at age 58 after 15yrs, I'm sure it was age related but younger employers don't talk about that. Then the pandemic hit and here I still sit jobless, I'm waiting for the infection rate to drop here in Florida, which has the highest infection rate than the other states in the US and Miami-Dade has the highest infection rate than the other counties down here.
because  the  depressed,  offended  and medicated  generations don't want to  work!! There you  that's your  answer!!
Because it's all bs ...they don't wanna pay anything. Simple
It will keep increasing if they don't increase workers wages. Most times it amaze me greatly the way I moved from an average lifestyle to earning over $63k per month, utter shock is the word. I have understood a lot in the past few years to doubt that opportunities are bound in the financial markets, The only thing is to know where to focus.
Respect the workers SIMPLE😂
Employers refuse to train people without experience for jobs that require no experience to easily learn the job. Start respecting your employees and treat them well. They will come.
What increased pay is she talking about??? I make less than I did 2 years ago.
Why because they want to live on the Biden welfare plan smoke dope just be demacrats let's go Brandon let's go newsom
Any working person in the U.S. knows why. Who are you kidding?
Funny they mentioned construction not having enough workers, I applied to numerous ones and 1 of 2 things happened: 1. Wanted years of experience & any trade certifications, starting pay was $15 an hour 2. Starting pay with no experience was $10-12 an hour  They cited the reason for low pay was because they have to train you.
I just quit my job because of shady business… it’s ridiculous. It was a great job at first… but towards the end, it became toxic….
Republican's Wouldn't raise the minimum wage to $10 an hour in Florida.  Thanks but, no thanks.
It’s all because most job’s are part time and not secure what a joke is not correct in reality
More employees.....TOO BAD!
Those quitting are police, nurses, and other public and military people. Politicians will NEVER see the truth.
If, you pay attention you'll find that people are refusing the so called vaccine.
Because I'm tired of making someone else money and not being paid properly.
I worked as a ICU nurse. Believe me that sppossedily good pay does not make up for constant blame of everything that could be put on nurses.  Lack of support from administration. No more.  Big time burn out. Now you bust your fanny and you cant even buy a house. Take this job and......I ain't gonna....
It’s funny that everyone reporting this and quiet quitting doesn’t even know why which is sad
LinkedIn has no idea what going on - they are criminal BTW! This article is hideous, just bad reporting!
Stop government handouts then this will stop!
Cause our country is falling down the crapper …. Too many illegals and way too much liberal BS destroying our country
Can you people are ridiculous they’re moving out of the cities because they’re loaded down with liberal BS.  There is not more liberals than there are conservatives you guys are in denial.
I don’t think people are quitting their jobs I think they’re getting laid off in small numbers, to stay under the radar….…That’s because a lot of these corporations are outsourcing their workforce outside the country, an American workers are being laid off, to be dependent on unemployment or other government entities.
Great video, thanks
Vaccines, lockdowns are making that.
I can't speak for anyone else BUT, I can't work for less than $28.00
Company "We are now requiring you to do the work of 3 people while maintaining quality and safety standards or you will be punished, this is normal. This week you are an essential employee, next week you are being laid off."
Yet wages stay stagnant,  let's say after half a century of employers telling the employees how much they shall get and be happy for it,
Maybe because it's a rigged system for the benefit of people like you
The reason why this is happening can be traced back to early 80s Reaganomics which sent manufacturing and farming industries and decent paying jobs overseas, transforming the US into a service-based economy with low paying jobs. Deregulation permitted ordinary Americans to obtain credit and personal debt skyrocketed, in part to get by and in part as a response to the new consumerism. This led to the side effects of housing scarcity, latch key kids, childcare scarcity -- also the explosion of fast food franchises as people were working more and eating at home less, also consumerism because the market was fllooded with cheap goods from China and elsewhere -- that led to the shut down of mom and pop businesses, the domination of Wal-Mart and a new addiction to "stuff" that just wasn't present in American culture prior to deregulation. Kids had school shoes and "Sunday school shoes. That was it. During the Carter administration, I remember I had two pairs of jeans. A tween with two pairs of jeans would feel pretty deprived these days. People were content with less because that was the norm.It was the norm to get presents on your birthday and Christmas. Shopping wasn't a past-time. We didn't have shopping malls and food courts. I believe these developments, plus addictive high fructose corn syrup (which makes the fast food industry profitable, since most of the profit is in soda) and the innovation of cable televsion led to the obesity, drug and homelessness crises --- think about it. And really, also, mass shootings and religious and political extremism, we had relatively little of that. Anyone who lived in 1975 can tell you it wasn't like this. We didn't have Visa cards, Big Gulps, credit cards, multiple cars, 24/7 television, AK 47s and walk-in closets and 80/hour work weeks. Not everything about that time was great, e.g., social justice re: race, gender and sexual orientation -- that was not good,  but we were as a nation healthier, thinner and more content, I feel. More balanced. Perhaps there was less economic disparity, at least, we had a middle class. We are enslaved to stuff, status, our lives feel disconnected, our bodies are flabby and our children are addicted to MIne Craft and have anxiety and depression. When was the last time your bare feet were on the grass? This is not the America I grew up in.
People are tired of being treated like endentured servants.
Working entire life with nothing to show for it is ridiculous..The government takes back almost all our funds..through taxes..and  capital gains Tax.. We are tking back control...Brain wash Education to make us fools...per  Bob Marley.   We are Self educating ourselves. We are also moving to other provinces,  countries, and locations where capital gains taxes are less.  We work to age 65 to 68 counting on social security..which we never see because awe DIE...Once dead the government takes control of our love ones hard earned money which should ho directly to the families...We are paying attention..and taking back our futures.. This is not the land of the Free ..it's land of Slaves. We are tired.
It's a funny world where in another part others are resigning when we are just looking for jobs to get by the irony 🇰🇪🇰🇪
7
Plus there's people coming to this country every minute that can find there self taking your job.
I'm not buying what this gals saying just go to work get it done. Find yourself on the weekends, it's people like this polluting other people's minds.
Same signs in greedy little shops before Krystal Nacht
Pay, age discrimination, abuse  doing a job of 3 people while CEO’s make ridiculous pay  not enough trade schools enough
PAY AMERICANS MORE
If it wasn’t for my kids I’d quit I busted my tail since 18 only to be targeted then to sit back and watch the government to forgive students loans if I decide to go to school now will the government pay for it? How is that fair these folks decided to take out that loan and go to college so pay it back because I the end it will be the work class the one to pay for that forgiveness
Bunch of quitters.  When the going gets tough, just quit.
You employers treated me like sh*t when I asked you for an application with you, you looked at me like like dirt.
It's no surprise in retail and restaurants those are the worst jobs low pay low hours worst hours 😭
Immigrants will take some of those jobs without hesitation if given the opportunity.
She so pretty.
My home taxes go up every year even with filing home stead.Everything getting to high
Columbia County needs more factories in Georgia.
Stimulus did anyone even get one in 2022.
That is true wages go up then they expect you to do the job of 2 or 3.Then government taxes take out more money for the government and still don't make anymore money but more work higher taxes and inflation.
Covid 19, monkey pox, polio
Another issue is lack of flexibility in hours. Some large companies say 40 hours a week or nothing. 30 to 40 hours would make more sense for a lot of folks. If you need the 40 a week then fine  but not everyone should be forced to a 40 work week.
I left the US because it is slavery.. and I was working for a big company in Silicon valley, people are so burned out! US is way expensive and like the game Monopoly... if you fall on the wrong part (doctor, police, housing) the US does not help... just one night in a hospital is over 5000$... that is just the room, so better not get sick, even with insurance. When I left Califonia had soooo many homeless.... and Texas, moved before Europe, was tripeling the price on housing so.. it is crazy the greed there.
I can speak for most young people when I say this.  All we ask is paid leave of absence when we're aick, injured, or a big family event such as newborn child, death in the family etc.  Dental and health medical protection  Good work environment that reduces stress as much as possible. Mental health is key to workers happiness.  We'd gladly sacrafice a big check if we could have those things above that gives people the dignity they deserve.
I've always said if a job has openings it's usually because it's a terrible job, terrible people to work for. The very few well liked jobs usually never hire cause people stick around.   So if you want people, need people. Perhaps do some self re-examining as a company and find the reason you can't keep people. I bet the answer is a lot closer to you than to them.
It's really not that hard to figure out (low pay, poor benefits, bad work environments, unfulfilling jobs) , and even with people coming back it's begrudgingly if they do.   Give people another option, and they will turn on.
It is so interesting that in this report there is not even a single notion of what people are commenting here. While comments are so meaningful and correct the report is blind to the facts. I mean there is a gap between reality and what media is paying attention.
Americans choose need to quit their job till they tell us the truth about everything
People with money and power criticize the lower classes for living off of charity. However, American corporations now thrive off the charity of millions of unfairly compensated workers. Look at the tipping system: if you can’t afford to pay your waitstaff a fair wage, then your business is failing.
I mean if everybody's okay with buying knock off costume jewelry well good on you
What's that black guy looks like a cartoon character. He had so much Botox and facelift he looks like a cartoon character
You guys are out on on your own house. I will see you guys on the street with a sign
How does Dr disrespect have 5 million followers and a news outlet has not that much
It's about time the employees were in the driver's seat They should demand respect and decent wages it wages something that wasn't available when I was young person
Probably Instagram and YouTube money guru ads
These "STDIES" need to be more fine tuned... IF, people are quitting and not going  to work somewhere else, how are they paying to live??? Have they chosen to become homeless??? Are they living in their parents basements, and being subsidized by their parents incomes??? Or by unemployment benefits, Or by Government handouts??? They can't just be hanging in LIMBO...WHAT IS THEIR STATUS, WHERE ARE THEY???
What are they talking about?  everyone that's younger anyway are trying to become youtubers!  or making money with their phone doing absolutely NOTHING!   still I don't see how it pays for a decent life..?  but I don't know.   it's brain damaging them!  I know that.. our future leaders of the world.
Interesting I guess companies should think twice about nickel and diming employees and treating them like they're despensable.
Everybody wants more pay but nobody likes inflation. Rich people aren't going to let you take their money just get that out of your head right now. What this is doing is destroying small business and helping big business
This episode makes it obvious just how deep a chasm there is between the world of the rich and the world of the poor. 60 Minutes knows just how negative reaction this episode has, but I hope they understand why now. This episode isn't for the working class of Americans, it's for the very few who live in a bubble. Stop feigning curiosity and kindness and pay attention.
It's simple. Truly simple. Americans are tired of corporate greed. Companies openly lie about mandated over time. So many large employers expect people to work 6-7 days a week 10-12hrs a day. We're over being taken advantage of. If you want folks to work, be truthful, give them a straight 40, pay them a livable wage not $12 an hour. Places use up their workers bodies and don't take care of them. "Lean manufacturing" = doing 3 people's jobs! WTF? That wears out the body. 1 job for 1 person. Hire crews with enough folks to do the job.   I could go on as to why.  But until I'm paid for the analysis, figure out out yourselves.
A lot of sexy chocolate women in this video!
Umm hey buffoons, not everybody can open their own business. Not all businesses survive and big companies keep pushing them out. The audacity to believe you have the answer.
I was looking for a job. Got an interview but they complained I haven't worked for a while so they didn't want to hire me.   Like geez I wonder why places are understaffed. People are looking for jobs but employers just don't want them and now they are crying and whining about not having enough employees.
During the middle of the pandemic my husband a restaurant manager and myself worked 114 days straight 5-8 Monday-Sunday without a day off! We were forced to take our two kids with us to do their online schooling in our office. It was terrible! The pay was terrible. The COVID rules got so strict we had our entire staff get fired, it was so upsetting. We stuck it out the two of us for 3 and a half months alone. After we walked out my husband found a better paying job and I stayed home to watch the kids. Since then I have put over 100 application and never get a call back. It's mind blowing. Yet everywhere is hiring. This whole situation is frustrating. And half the people I've spoke with who haven't gone back to work all say the pay was terrible and they were tired of the mistreatment. I couldn't agree more!!!!
From the outside looking in when my spouse leave the JOB next year that family owned company that they brag so much about is in for a shock.  We prepared for this day 45 years ago. We are just waiting for the magic day that Medicare kicks in.  Then it’s TaTa at any given moment.   I know people are reading this and thinking everyone is replaceable.  Yes, that’s true but not in every case. They are clueless at so many levels that it is a major handicap. The family own business is handed down. They were given the business and  positions not earned. Just handed to.  These people never filled out a job application in their entire life. Or even bought there own vehicle or the gas to put in it along with the other Responsibilities of vehicle ownership, the company provides it.   There are 4 employees keeping 104 people working. Those 4 employees are planning on retiring with in the next 28 months. The first one leaves in less that a year.  With no one trained to fill these 4 positions to step in. These are major Corner stone positions that very soon will be vacant. My spouse has had this position for 30 + years. Very few employees that have been hired in the last 10 to 12 years are still their. They come they go. Maybe there are 20 employees that have 20+ years clock it. All of those 20 or so employees have less than 7 years to hit there magic date for full SSI benefits. Will they last in our new work environment???  My work position is definitely different. However I am soon to clock out. I have been in my position for 28 years. I have out lasted 2 ownership changes. The closest person to me has been their 12 years because they own the business. In 28 years I bet I have seen 100 people come and go.  I don’t even bother to learn peoples last names anymore.  They come stay a while and figure out they are not cut out for this line of work. But those that can make it score.
Wow. 60 Minutes really sucks now that Don Hewitt is gone. Terribly written. What is happening in America with employees being so empowered is revolutionary. Unfortunately, that was a very poor piece. It didn’t tell me much. I’m glad a couple of people are doing better, but what is really going on in this country? Why is this happening? I know it will be brief, but I’m glad it’s happening, nonetheless. I hope some good comes of it.
This whole 60min was company propaganda. Shaming people who don’t want to work for peanuts and be gawked at like a zoo animal. Ask REAL Americans on why their leaving jobs, not the employers. Disgusting documentary
Why is his construction company all black? It this was white there would be judgment. Hope you go bankrupt racists
Why can’t I get hired to drive auto parts then? I have applied to many jobs and never hear back.
Nice that you tried to blame Trump with his name on the check. 60 minutes I don’t believe anything you say.
Low pay ,no job security, job description add ons, Co workers call out double your work load; rising fuel cost , forced healthcare purchase etc.Paycheck inaccuracy’s: no respect for worker retention of the disabled workers has to complete with the norm most likely fired; not making the numbers because of preferential treatment, relative works father , uncle in the company; what the employer doesn’t understand is that if a worker leaves on a bad note most likely a purchase from that company will never be had in the future; some companies are looking around what happened to all our customers but didn’t realize the last worker let go cost the company 100k customers
Pay people well and treat them like people they may stick around.
Because people are tired of being your slaves
Ugh Walmart hasn't Amazon hasn't I mean all these places that hire the majority of it basic work force can't afford to work at these low wages. Sure maybe top positions at companies get raises and incentives but working minimum wage u don't get those incentives. And u get taxed more
Easy to understand   It's all the fault of the stupid system of the communist democratic government giving millions of dollars to lazy people... Obama didn't give a cent and there if everyone cried they worked for 5.00 usd stupid or system Biden administration lunatics
Through "immigration" you will find your petty answer.
I just quit my job as a propane delivery driver, the amount of work they had me doing for two other people and plus being on call for a week or two, was not worth $21 an hour! Who likes being wakened up at 3:30 am especially in dead of winter to go fill someone’s tank in the midddle of nowhere? They don’t care about my safety and well being! I almost got robbed twice!! I didn’t even give them two weeks notice, I just left! Now they are down to only two drivers!! I hope it hits them where it hurts
Notice she just didn't want to say people do not want to work service sector jobs because of the bad working conditions and bad pay.
Shove it, Pizza party mkrs!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAA!!!
It's not the jobs it's the attitude of the people who run the retail and restaurants and the wastefulness and abuse of the employees.
Cute: "I quit my job and own my own business! 🤩🤩"  Reality: "I rebrand/repackage various Amazon merchandise 🤩🤩"
And now we are seeing a trend with people returning to work because they didn’t save enough for retirement while inflation is forcing a gut check.
Pay people more and treat them better. It’s not hard.
Pay your people better!
Hand outs Lady!!! That's why!!!
1. Some employers are gatekeepers.  2. Jobs want to pay employees low salaries knowing that inflation is a thing now.  3. Ridiculous requirements on some of these entry jobs. Why do we need 2-5 years of experience to get onto a entry job.  4. No respect for employee
I've worked in retail for 20 years, so I'm quite happy that this is taking place. For too long, retail bullied me and a lot of my employees, telling us things like, "If you don't like it, go; another like you is waiting to get into your position." Since the virus, I've found a dream job that helps me grow, pays me more, and values me!
If they are not working, where are they going and how are they paying their bills?
Required vaccines that's why
Must be nice to afford not to work.
60 minutes. Only old people do, watch this anymore…..
Or are many of them just lazy and want their parents or the government to take care of them?
because people are make more money receiving employment benefits, instead back to work, so why work?
Hard work gets you nothing but another opportunity to work hard
In 2021 I quit cvs due too management. I couldn’t take it anymore. I m so glad I did. I was certified pharmacy tech. Quit job in pharmacy got a job working for Comcast installing cable in homes. I just wish cvs corporate office would treat everyone right.
Corporate America is toxic. Ppl have had enough.
We don't need to work for these companies we can start our own business and work for ourselves
Lazy people.
They’ll be happy when they own your soul for completely free. Then toss you in the trash can because you couldn’t afford to eat and died on the spot. Next!
The reason why i unsuscribe 60 min Australia they switch comments off thats why
Why are Americans quitting? Easy. They've had enough of their employers bs. There isn't a labor shortage. All this is, is people finally holding employers accountable for abusive policies, exploitative "hustle" culture, insufficient pay, insufficient benefits, and toxic management. Employers think they are owed employees, and most treat them accordingly. They want people to work for them? They better buck up and start acting like it. Stop taking advantage of their employees, decrease working hours/weeks NOT pay (science backs up shorter working hours), treat them like human beings with lives outside of work, offer REAL benefits, separate sick leave and vacation time and make them both have mandatory minimums (EVERYONE deserves breaks!), stop treating work like some kind of "game" to be played. It's not a game, it's work. Most of us do it to put food on the table. We're not interested in stupid power plays. These companies are out here crying about "labor shortages" when they've had record breaking profits multiple years in a row without increasing worker compensation a dime. People are just done working their lives away, working themselves to an early grave, stressing over their jobs, just to still not be getting by and never see the fruits of their labor. This is just employers getting what was coming to them. They've done this to themselves.
Because our government became a cooperation and is about capitalism to grow their wealth for our Sacrificed LOST TIME and tricked us for Money that eventually can be made back  Like we don’t know the Government prints money Willy Nilly To fix their mistakes/ Changing the narrative to this joke of a job!!
It's about time!!!
I've read several of the comments and I agree with many.  I taught in the public schools for 32 years,  in that time I've seen many of the changes that were mentioned in this video, and how difficult it has been for our teachers to adapt to them. It's more than just teacher pay, the pandemic, etc. that is causing the crisis. If you teach in a large urban area you have many challenges. The burnout rate is higher in these areas, but it has gotten harder to teach anywhere. I spent all of my years in these kinds of schools, so I was fortunate to have made it as long as I did. I would say the issues I began facing in the last 5 years leading up to my retirement was this rampant, almost militant evolution of politically correct multiculturalism. I also can't emphasize enough how this has affected  classroom management issues teachers have today. Teachers do not have the backing and support of administration and parents to control their classes as they have in the past. If you have students in your class that are constantly disrupting instruction, and there is no will to discipline them, then everyone loses. To give you an example, the district I taught at held inservices for us on our new discipline policy. As time went on, teachers began to complain that students were not being sent to alternative school, detention, home etc. even after very serious infractions, in many cases these same students were back in their classes the same day. Personally I loved being a teacher, but I don't blame anyone for leaving. Public service is difficult.
😄😄😄 IF AMERICA EMPLOYERS IS JUST SEEN WHY EMPLOYEES IS QUITTING THEIR JOBS IN 2022 IT'S OBVIOUS, EMPLOYEES WORK HARDER WHILE WAGES IS LOWER THAN RENT IN ALL 50 STATES IN AMERICA...WHO????😄😄😄 WOULDN'T QUIT 😄🤔🤔🤔AND TRY TO WORK AT HOME FOR THEMSELVES...MAKES LOTS OF SENSE.
They pretty much ignored the white-collar sector, probably because there isn't as much drama there.   Where I worked, once Covid was over, the company ignorantly thought that everyone would forget all about WFH and return to sitting in a cube. As a result, people started quitting, moving to companies that had a clue.
Also Jab mandate
Those jobs are not available if you are older still wanting and needing to work
Those jobs are not available to older workers still wanting and needing to work
It’s a profit sharing problem!
I've come to the conclusion that i would have a much better life in prison than i do driving truck for a living.
That's what Biden opened the boarder. You lazy Americans don't want to work.
I quit place is toxic and low pay
Because of high cost
How are they paying there bills and getting bye?
PodoPhylus antimicrobial insole prevents foot ulcers infections and other infections. No infection, no amputation!…but it doesn’t prevent cancer in the political system..
It's not wanting to work...it's commuting to work. It's becoming dangerous driving. It sucks the energy out of you before you get in the office. Dealing with the woke environment. You are seeing how this interview is orchestrated in front of your eyes.
We are opening our eyes 👀  No more abuse
One more - lies. I have applied for many jobs. However, ageism is also a huge problem. It is not being addressed.
I quit my healthcare insurance call center job. I’m going back to school to get my Master’s (maybe my PhD). That way, I can have a career. Not a piddly hour to hour paying job; where the public is horrid to workers. Employers obviously don’t get it after watching this; and are not offering enough pay for people in public service jobs. Because of how awful they get treated in those jobs, doubt people will go back. Where I live, a 2000+ sq ft, brand new house is 250-300 grand. Cheapest city in my state.
For last 20 yrs productivity went up 64% but worker wages adjusted for cola rose about 14%. Today probably in the negative. So the question is why our country shifted in 1970s and separated increased productivity and profits from workers wages? Why did all the profit go strictly to CEOs and shareholders? In addition not a penny is being reinvested in any of these corps or the communities they exploit. Hope that answers your question Diane.
I quit my job of15 years because my company was mandating that clot shot. I see what is happening to many people now after the jab. It's such a pity, but I did try to warn many of them.
At least Joe has the gas problem under control >  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxP-l3lxwWA
The major problem is people does not have the skills, knowledge,  experience,  and motivation to earn a job. In other words,  people got lazy and no urge to work. This is the new generation?
I didn’t quit my job, I was forced to resign from employments because my boss wanted me to take 3rd shift or leave the premises back on June 8, 2022. I’ve been unemployed for seven weeks now, filed out 30 application and had five interviews. Most of the job are minimum wages job up to $12 per hour. I’ve a degree in Electronic Engineering Technological and I live in North Carolina.
Moms of young children should be able to stay home. Paid maternity leave needs to be mandated federally.
This really didn't help me at all. What abt the ppl who dnt have degrees & are not married?
So how do they live without a job?
I've been out of work for 2 years, not by choice. Fast food places and places like that won't hire me because I'm overqualified.
I've opened a business so I can add to my income because at the job I'm at now I can't make it from one paycheck to the next. What I want to know is where is my bonus for working all the way through the pandemic? My only time off work was when my wife and I both got Covid. She died, I lived obviously and after going to Michigan to be with her family I returned to my job.
oh man, what is this interviewing only black people??????????????????????  they are last ones to work in our society!!
They're not offering better pay though.
I was so happy to semi-retire at 62 and work two days a week. Now I have to work 4 days a week. Thanks to Scumbag Biden!
I want to poop on my employers desk after how they treat me and the pay is a total insult.
I could live a better life in the jungle than what the establishment is offering. I would probably be richer too.
threats at the workplace is violence. When you threaten people with their job if they don't get vaccinated, then figure it out. plus anything under $25 is just a total joke.
Anything that pays below $25 an hour, is just not worth spitting on.
There are plenty of people living off their side hustles, working for themselves and being ok with the lifestyle. I quit working for others 10 years ago and have traveled across the country, met knew people who have become friends, and visit my family in my home state.  Why would i want to work for someone and be stuck in an office or dealing with clocking in and out when i’m told to. That will never me be again.
It's the same in the UK. Many different industries are under staffed- hospitality, care and financial services to name ones I alone know off. In my own industry if I were to become an agency/ hourly contracted worker I would earn double my salary- exactly the same role and responsibilities.
I work two jobs; one part time and one full time and I still don’t make enough to live on my own even rent an apartment in the most ghetto area in my town. :/
I find it strange. When jobs tell you they make pennies on every dollar they take in . I was amazed as in how do companies make $ . Employee under pay. That's how . An it's strange again as in when people did come to work . The employer literally would tell you your just a number that can be replaced . Now that the employee is no longer accepting this . The actual $ the company makes bye not paying employee is gone . Now and only now do jobs seem to care . An the media is a major corporation so yes they do story on the issues. Not sure how honestly the media will cover it over all . Do to the fact the media is also a employer who in the past told employees they just a number and can be replaced in the past . No different then all the others .
I think they are starting their own businesses online
Would  rather live on the street than work. Never had a job I liked yet
BS !
No
Higher than ever but they just started keeping records 20 yes ago 😂🤦🏽‍♂️
It's a worldwide trend when workers stop trying cause they can't make a living while the top guys are making tons...
I've been applying for low paying jobs with no callback for an interview and I don't get any call backs. Is it really no one wants to work or that employers aren't really hiring?
People were forced to leave for not wanting to vaccinate so they fired them you hypocrites acting like you don't know why people were being forced to quit do you think that we forgot that you in companies gave people ultimatums get the vaccine or you fired so stop acting dumb
How about paying your workers a proper living wage like the majority of the developed world.  Also medical benefits, better work conditions, maternity/paternity leave, paid vacation leave , fairer employment laws - the list is extensive.  Living the “American Dream” is a myth for a lot of ordinary Americans. However they are so brainwashed into believing the rhetoric, that is so obviously false to everyone outside the “greatest nation in the world”, that in a way they deserve what they get. Perhaps if they expanded their life experiences outside of the US, they might get a more realistic view of their dire situation.
Oh I thought Joe and them just said it's the lowest unemployment rate? And we are not in a recession?
This modern generation of workers are spoiled and don't really want to work. Many people would rather be given money than put forth an effort to get it.
How do these people pay their bills?  I would love to quit working, but its impossible!  Where are the people getting their money?
Simple tired of all the B’S!!
Ummm because the working stiff is sick of eating sh!t pie for breakfast, lunch and dinner.. all the while the rich get richer. That and the US Government is in the running for the most CORRUPT Government on the planet. All the media does is propagate a narrative assigned by the Government and lie till their teeth fall out. If Americans had any balls they would stand up and take the country back!! In the eyes of the Media and Government you are all their favorite, their favorite kind of Sheep that is.. when they are pounding you and your families in your big woolly a$$es you won't fight back, you just sit back and take it at any cost!! Jesus get off your dead butts and grow a set, stop letting the media and the government DICTATE how YOUR life is lived.
Boomers will go back to work when their 401k turns 101k 😫
It’s not better pay with inflation and high costs of living. It’s a Great Depression!!
I’m a success sales person. I had a job at a large company for 10 yrs and made an excellent income but the unnecessary stress put on me by the management for those years left a bad taste in my mouth. I’m self employed now and much happier. Big companies really don’t appreciate their employees. In their book your only value is what you did for them today not your history with the company. Companies are not loyal to their employees.
Because wives got tired of ignoring the kids to go to work to pay bills so her husband has money to date side chick. Wives realized it only takes one income.
People simply got smarter!!
Employers not willing to hire felons who want to change for the better so they need to stop pretending
Blame e educational system not providing targeted courses for the next generation, Americans are complaining and immigrants are gaining and building wealth by working jobs that Americans are quitting.
It’s all a scam
Been grinding forever. First job 15 -8 months and employeed full time from 18 on. The pandemic pushed me to go.. Retired early 62 no need to wait for 66, 70 whats the point..could not be more grateful to have this time.
I also wonder (especially with the younger generation) how much employers archaic hiring policies come in to play with many jobs/sectors?  States across the nation are making marijuana legal yet you still can get fired for smoking a harmless hint in your day off?  Ridiculous.  IMO.
Working from home is really the way to go. It's no surprise as to why so most people have quit their jobs in large numbers. Especially when they have been forced against their will to get vaccinated in order to keep their jobs. It's not the job itself is what people hate, it's really their lousy boss is what makes their day so miserable. This is why if you're self-employed you really don't have the worry about any of that crap.
RAY EPPS, RAY EPPS, RAY EPPS, RAY EPPS, RAY EPPS, RAY EPPS, RAY EPPS, RAY EPPS. LYING LESLEY WILL NEVER REPORT ABOUT THIS FBI JAN 6TH COHORT.  UGH SUCH IGNORANCE.  SHE SHOULD QUIT CBS.
Horror, a woman CHOOSING to stay at home to raise her children! There ought to be a law...
One reason is employers forcing people to get vaccinated. Not everyone is willing to vaccinate, including me. Fukin tyrants.
Hire the felons
The job market is 💩 low pay overloaded work. especially in Healthcare systems, PCA have to many roles EKG, Phlebotomy, and patient care Up to 15 Patients
The great resignation I guess this is what happened to me. it was a worldwide phenomenon due to the pandemic effect. I walked away from a good-paying job that I was doing just to survive but the pandemic opened my eyes to different ball game things I loved and I'm doing. I'm a consultant and I found a part-time job to pay my bills. I m thankful for that...
It’s a salary problem
Lack of $$$$ Low paying companies is the issue.  And some of these companies don't respect the employer.  Bulling, and other issues rise.
Mexicans gonna take them 😆
There is so much opportunities to make money
I agree lack of respect is issue. I work in technology field and ever since they let companies hire from overseas workers in such large volume the IT field has become fix what was done by low cost inexperienced workers. Also the professionalism & respect has gone out the window. Companies can treat workers from other countries as bad as they want without US labor laws coming into play. They then do same to US workers as well. Salaried jobs that required OT used to be offset with not deducting pay for doctor appt or such. Now salaried US workers they want to work you 8 am to midnight and 7 days a week and then deduct your pay for a doctor appointment & deduct your vacation time for a sick day. Salaried jobs used to be a level of success you reached through hard work now it is how companies get you to work your life away completely with none of the perks the unpaid extra hours used to have. The thought process they have is ‘I can get overseas labor who will be happy to work all day and night and will do it for less pay.’  If US workers do not do it they can claim we cannot get US workers & get a lower cost overseas worker to do it.  So they end up pushing YS workers into the ground to get the right to say they cannot find US workers.
People don't want to get the jab also!!!
This is what happens when you pay people not to work.
Heres another thing nobody wants to talk about: the increasing numbers of people who are choosing to blaze their own trail; folks starting their own businesses….working from home, people finding new ways to create their own income. That dont involve simply clocking in an out in exchange for a few measly trinkets.
“Not going back to an office ever “?…. Wait until the pendulum swings back to the employer.
Retired early. Exhausted. Did the job of 2 people.Awful employers. All about the MONEY.
I quit my job as a stylist/ beauty supply store of 8 yrs, people are rude, and worrisome and don't tip, always want stuff for free, take them hrs to pick one fuckn wig
College people are the dumbest people that don't have any common sense. Professors can't make it in the real world and they live in fantasy land. Global warming is a good thing to grow food. Global cooling is bad because food doesn't grow. Carbon emissions doesn't cause global warming. The hottest day on earth was 1919 and how many cars and power plants did we have in 1919. Brainwashed College people are dumber than this high-school dropout. Hahaha.
I retired because at 62, I was expected to perform as well as the 20 year olds. Just cant do it anymore.
Lack of pay and respect
They pay the people nothing in order to keep down information and still here we are, people finally get a chance to think.
When people quit their jobs, where do they go? Who pays their bills?
Karen's of the world is another reason people walk off of jobs.
Many people are battling physical illnesses nowadays.
I live in Florida I'm retired now a lot of the jobs that they are talking about they want you to work for the very minimum of wage little chance of any advancement a lot of places do not want to give you benefits or even insurance most places want to have you work like you're a high-speed robot in Florida you don't have any rights your employers can treat you badly if they want to and fire you at any time for any reason you don't have very many rights in Florida when you work in Florida it's hard to find a nice place to work where you are appreciated and treated good a lot of Corporations do not want to give you any type of benefits or a decent amount of money for your hard work it's all about the corporation making all the money and the employee doesn't get anything in return except for a little bit of money only hope everyone has a wonderful day
Why is so many people on the street holding up signed bagging
They want slaves they want Trump back in office so they can reduce people to servitude
All these industries low pay crap unsociable hours. Don't blame folks saying I quit.
It’s NOT a worker’s problem, it’s a WORKING CONDITION problem! It’s a PAY problem! It’s the average American flipping off greedy employers!
Because its what they want you to believe, heres the simple breakdown of why there is a labor shortage and it aint cuz people are quitting, baby boomers are leaving the workforce in mass and fewer younger people to replace them, and the one reason alot of media dont seem to address is the fact that most kids can just make money online now through social media,onlyfans, ecommerce, etc. In person minimum wage jobs arent the only way for a person to make money anymore
60 minutes should get a group of people. Follow them as they apply for jobs. Watch how employers turn them down.
Nearly every employer has learned how to scam on its employees.
We know this lady is a liar. See her interview with Trump. She is not creditable anymore.  60 minutes is just a member of fake news.
Do for self duhh
Hmmmmmmmmmmmm when did they start force mandating shots with an experimental drug that’s now showing 40% higher unexplained death rate …. According to  Insurace actuaries
Why work if Dems will pay you to stay home. Simple. Govt freebies .
The Great Reset
The juice ain"t worth the squeeze!
People are tired of being treated like a number not an individual. I did too! I quit transportation and I am getting into another career! I am much happy! People who run transportation areas are cold "management and favoritism!" Employers get a clue, "you're treatment of employees is why people don't come back. We have alot of opportunities!
Actually I didn't quit I called out for 2 days because of transitional housing and got fired because I wanted a different shift then the 2 to 10
How about stop requiring an education to work a job you really don't need it for. Ik people who've been working jobs that require an education and don't have an education and just lied. They still work there. Dummies
That’s because Americans are getting lazy on teaching your children how to work? I’ve got kids working at my own job here in Florida. That oh I don’t wanna do this job no more I’m just gonna quit or it’s too hot or this is too much work. I’ll Car Wash for crying out loud and I can’t handle a basic car wash.
I'm looking at quitting. Had to look online and happy to see I am not the only one.  Thankfully I am military retired but have been working a civilian job way too much helping with staffing shortage. I have realized my time is more valuable than money.
The reason is people are tired of being slaves and Covid 19 and Monkey Pox just made people think of why also risk there life for money 💰 common sense
Im an expert in 3d printing. America has had no operational business services for 19 months. Try sell your invention thing ownership. You have to migrate it to France and there terms are exclusive so we must delete our back up things out of America or where ever to enable sales.  These things represent the business ownerships and jobs. Held in France and commisions on sales to them.  Imagine if that site goes down. The business ownerships also would vanish. The right to sell 3d prints would vanish and fall to who re licenses first. All eggs in 1 basket.  Having job security held at a single site is not ideal at all.  Anyway at this stage theres no sign America is able to resume. No companies can even say if they ever can. Daily draining continues as things are moved away the risk grows. The cnc comunity is also in our boat.  The quitting may be the reason but the situation continues. The risks of a mass loss grow.  I single out America cause they were last to collapse.  We are utterly relying on France.
The restaurants stores pay less money. And everything is expensive
https://youtu.be/LL1CJNELKXw redistribution of wealth.
Maybe people are sick of the scraps of debt we get to chase ? A piece of paper with a pic of dead guy on it back by 32 trillion of debt, debt slaves.
Big gap between paycheck, taxes, and cost of living, when it comes to raises 2.9% and cost of living is 9 to 10 % imagine that 😳
“No OnE wAntS tO wORk”
Because I have an entitlement mentality.
Who wants to work minimum wage jobs that have no respect for the workers or the  Or benefits. Plus when you go to a hiring fair And they tell you there are so many applicants that getting hired is like getting struck by lightning. Plus the culling for that special employees. And people are doing other things now.
I don’t understand why a lot of people quitting there Jobs?
The people are sick and tired of breaking their backs for rich, greedy corporations, and not being treated fairly, compensated well, or used and abused so that the ultra-rich can get richer.. Meanwhile the middle class is being systematically dismantled and destroyed, inflation is rising, cost of living is getting higher and higher, yet wages are staying stagnant. People are tired of being used like work horses, and not being given considerations for their labor, and sacrifice. People want to work, build, assemble, and create. They don’t want to be treated like an inconsequential cog in a wheel.. Unionizing workplaces, although they are the bane of these corporations, are one way that can ensure, and protect workers and their inherent rights… Unions are the way…
Retirement age went too high.
There is no money in the service industry, the people in this industry are overworked and underpaid severely! This is the biggest reason people are leaving the service industry!
😏😏Women your families are your corporations.🙃🙃🙃
😏😏😏People are putting those benefits to good use, and Americans are tired of corporations using them and spitting them out.🤨🤨🤨
😰😰😰Every time you get ready to go back to work, another virus. 😫😫Time for many jobs to move online.🥹🥹🥹
American workers are experiencing unprecedented declines in their real incomes, which is why record numbers have been forced to work multiple jobs to make ends meet. When we talk about 9.1% inflation, the media acknowledged the true rate of inflation of about 18%?
Minimum wage!  is just that. The bare minimum.  We don't need minimum wage. We need living wage
I think a big part of the dissatisfaction with employers is that most of them do not fully understand what their employees actually do and how they do it. They assign unreasonable and unrealistic goals that frustrate their people because they don’t understand what it takes to accomplish those goals.
With all this talk of job openings why am I looking at so many homeless people especially whites
I don’t know why anyone would want to work  in a hot kitchen during the summer.
Because business owners are just rich people who want to chill and make all the money and actually LIVE life while others break their backs making them rich. People recognize it and are sick of it
James Jordan guy looks and acts like a fun cool perosn to work for that's what some people need is a non toxic leader
This is how it was, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIKUkcNeZfQ Then they ask why no one wants to work?
People is opening the eyes, no one wants to be a working machine anymore. Working online can be more rewarding more flexible and leave more time to enjoy life with friends and family.
Get out the rat race!!
Because it's the younger generation still living with Mommy and Daddy now the government gives them checks to stay at home and play games you think they're going to start working now, laziest generation in the history of mankind.
Today's generation is weak and need mental help.. back day you grind and you get some type of education..move up ladder.
its called Carma employers get to cocky the bigger they get and forget that if not for the employees they wouldn't have a business or corporation so when employees get sick of being a number and not appreciated and leave and many  follow there's the carma if employers want respect they need to give respect because without employees you wont have a business or corporation period
Offer good benefits and a solid pension instead of telling people invest in the market with your 401k. The stock market is not reliable and medical expenses are high. Invest in training and don’t expect the perfect employee to walk in the door. Don’t over hire and end up laying people off. Give generous vacation and family leave time. Constantly audit the managers in your company to ensure they are respectful and competent. A bad manager will lose a good company employees. Give generous help with moving and relocation benefits. Be flexible with hours and if possible with working from home. Finally, make sure your salaries are competitive. Don’t put profits over employees.
So how are people paying their bills? With a government check? That won’t be sustainable and it’s entitlement.
Real wages are going down, that’s why
I'll quit ANY job that makes me wear a mask (not suffocating MYSELF), especially if they mandate rat poison vaccine I'll quit so fast like roadrunner... and I don't care about money. You're not killing me with the vaccine... forget it
Feeling, and in many cases actually being, exploited, underappreciated and underpaid is nothing new, been happening for generations.  The difference is, in the past, people needed to suck it up and work, or starve out on the street.  That threat doesn't seem to be keeping people working anymore.  Not sure how they are getting fed and sheltered, maybe they are camping in their parents' basements?  Or maybe there are just more options today, as long as people are willing to moderate their pay expectations.  Interesting times.  If America is smart, though, they will not reinvigorate unions, which did so much damage to US industry in the 20th century.
One word Biden
So on the ONE hand:      We have 100s of thousands of vacancies in the Construction, Food Service and other sectors.  And on the OTHER hand:       We do all we can to keep people from entering the country, when they could be trained to take all these jobs that Americans don't seem to want anymore.  What's wrong with this picture?
As long as there's a way to make money on social media platforms  and the desire to become our own boss, we're giving the ✌🏽sign or better yet the middle finger.
The  federal minimum wage has not changed in 25 years it should be 21.00
Why are people quitting corporation  jobs?  Poor management, stagnant pay, less benefits, more work load and hostile work environment.   Start your own business and be your own boss.  Work smarter not harder.
Employers made the same offers in Louisiana after Katerina, and all the offers were 🐎💩!
Need to take all the big time people in the company make them take an annual pay cut along with the bonuses as well give it all back to the people. Some people spend 10 years at a company and still don't even own a home it needs to be something in place for things people want something for something not
American give Zimbabwean opportunity to work they we only want job's any kind of work am read please let me know
Get rid of entitlement programs start making these companies pay livable wages or go out of business welfare programs have created artificially low wages which really hurts the people that dont qualify for these programs namely childless adults
Soon, all those jobs will vanish.
I love how employers have to treat their employees decently now. I think it’s great
Because they are tired of mandates and being treated like dirt bags. That's why.
How do they pay thier bills when sooo many jobs are left open in EVERY field. Where are they going ? Where did they disappear to? Something is not kosher going on.
Low pay. Less benefits. No pension. Ridiculous work schedules. Tyrant managers. Rude customers.   Hmm, why? 🤔 Must be lazy.
Alot of people can't believe our govt could be so stupid to lead us down a path of total destruction.  I quit my job cause I don't want to be the last idiot working up until it all collapses.
Very me a river😅
Workers are also tired of being told to get the jab or mask up. No longer putting up with BS. Add to that, the BS from corporate.
It is cheaper for the company to b.s. than to pay $0.01 more.
But if people are quitting the workforce because "it's now or never"  for their dream, how are they surviving? Where is their income coming from?
Grub hub Uber eats doordash ext etc.  Plus people are selling weed in record numbers, yeah I wouldn’t like to put up with any crap from anyone either, my personal opinion
Food service needs to pay more instead of adding more work every year.
I am fixing to quit myself
It's not worth it
I am working at age 50, I travel 4 towns for a 12 hr shift 4 days a week. My body hurting. Yet I am not quitting. I need a better job nearest to home.  If I don't work. Who pays my growing bills?! Everything get more expensive and some jobs exploits people doing the work of two or three employees. I just don't know how much longer I can work like this.
the biggest problem is people have zero work ethic especially among the gen Z people. They want an easy job where they dont have to do much. problem, is there is no such thing as all jobs are tough. weather it be physical or mental.
Please tell me how they are supporting themselves.. They can't be that many new people recieving government funding funds..
I work in the airline industry. There's a shortage of pilots right now too. Everyone assumes pilots make a ton of money and barely work. Maybe after you get your dream job and put in over a decade of work. But many pilot jobs were extremely low paying and that has helped to fuel the problem. Obviously it's not the only reason but shouldn't have been a factor in the first place,
Doesn’t really answer its own title question and skirts around the obvious number one question:  What are all these people who quit (haven’t retired early, become entrepreneurs or working remotely) doing for money?
OK people r not working the way they used to but what are they doing for money
How many people die from
You know the real problem is a lot of these jobs that are available are not even capable of paying you enough money to even afford the average home or apartment and If you can't afford the average home how are you going forward to afford other items that go along with the house and the lifestyle of owning your own home. Let me see you have to have insurances, automobile you have to save for your retirement for a rainy day and many other things, these jobs just do not pay you enough to work for them. All these jobs that are open pay you make enough just to feed yourself that's it and maybe you're lucky to put a pair of socks on.  Job slavery is alive in America and well, but people now are wise enough to it.🤔🛐🆙✅
No benefits, no chance for promotion, poor work conditions, and greedy executives and board members combine to make many American businesses a poor place to work. This motivates people to leave for greener pastures. The lack of labor unions is a serious problem. Workers did so much better decades ago when they had some representation.
I want to know how people are paying their bills! Are the American People paying them to sit around? Are they all on the net? I live in Greenville and rent is sooo high. Im paying $1300 + a month! And thats the norm in this area. I dont get it. Im really thinking of moving to another state
Doubling revenue you say but the pay for workers didn't even increase a bit
You focused on the wrong workforce to do your analises:
During the Pandemic  most business closed or open work from home.Upon returning from the pandemic they started paying less per hour or make us work crazy hours from hour home make it difficult to our family lives,utilizing our 🙏electric power which increase the bill ,invading our home privacy ,less hours and with everything going up and working more hours from home is like working bellow minimum wage.So is easier for some people to collect un employment and makeore money.
This is partially true. I’ve been looking for a better job and keep getting turned down with 12+ years in healthcare. I don’t understand it.
I was laid off because of corona.. I still am having a problem getting my unemployment..
GREED ~ McDonald's employee 's asked for a simple $15, an hour wage - the employer just couldn't do, it ~ Now they're forced to do it & other companies are paying it & offering higher wages - Greed is the reason, employer's can't get employee's plain & simple 🙄
In a corporation you are only ever employee number 12345. Company politics, management bullying, management dogfights for power, fighting for pay rises, work extra hours or your fired, being told your easily replaceable. Stress, stress, stress. Lower management are usually the worst.  Self employment has its own stresses, but they can make you stronger, and have some control over your life.
I am open minded to work any where lab, courthouse, trucking, security, construction, but no airline with b people, no aviation s people
Mafias want to over throw the gov.
I worked in factories for 45 years and only retired when my health became so bad from degenerate discs in my back I became disabled now only making less than half what I made working I got divorced lost my house became homeless and now live in a shelter in Newark Ohio where I've been waiting on subsidized housing for over two years! They took everything from me then tossed me out when I was no longer of use! There's your America for you kids!
The People are fed up with the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer.
for WFH - Employers need to work with employees to set reasonable deadlines. Who cares what you do in the duration as long as we can have production during and deadlines met.  The days of control and looking over your herd are over.
Don't be shocked when the migrants  will soon have your old job.
Abused by the employer and abused by the public.
The way you're treated like a #. Why stay lives are short and there are so many jobs now. They have to pay higher. I just left a 30 dollar job because of work life balance.
News reports crow about "new jobs added" at $18-19 an hour...but they never tell their  audiences about how many hours a week these jobs offer...which is 18-24 hours. As a result employees are earning LESS money than ever before. Don't you get it?
Jobs that pay $18 an hour don't mean s...t because employers are reducing weekly hours to as  little as 20 hours a week. This is the destruction of the Job Quality  Index until job automation reaches 100%. This trend should be obvious to all taking notice. Money rules and the Wealthy rule.
The pandemic has resulted in government benefits whose dollar value exceeds the stinking low wages that greedy employers are paying.  Government benefits make it possible to pay the rent, pay the energy bill and buy groceries. In this case, nobody but nobody is going to keep accepting poverty wages when the government will pay the rent. Employers are on a juggernaut to first destroy the Job Quality Index and then all the jobs themselves. This trend is only going to get worse and worse.
Why are more and more Americans holding crypto more year over year..... Shiba Inu........ SHIB ARMY STRONG.  Shibarium is coming 😎✌
This episode of "60 Minutes" celebrates dead bodies everywhere.  There is no social contract. And certainly not one in the work force. The corporate oligarchs rule all of us. We, and their employees either comply or get worse than terminated. "You will never work again" is the warning human beings are being given who stand against the corporate oligarchs.  I cannot fathom why or how so many supposedly well-credentials people are selling this "La-la-land" propaganda. How can they betray themselves, their own basic self-interests, their humanity, the most basic requirement to live in a sane world (the mind cannot live without the body and vice versa), in order to sit in front of the likes of old Judy Woodruff and sell what they must know is a lie.
I'm sorry but $12/hr is NOT enough money to live on in most places these days. Just today I saw a huge hiring sign at Ross offering $12/hr. Companies are making huge profits yet they don't pass any of it on to the employees who keep the company running. People are tired of working very hard for long hours and still can't feed their families. To end this worker shortage employers need to stop being greedy and start paying liveable wages.  The price of food is up, gas, rents, mortgages up, everything is up except for wages? 🤔
I wish I could quit my job but I have people who depend on me, husband and father to bring money home and to be a good example for my two boys.
Printing money is the answer to this situation , while i think depreciation of dollar  is good thing for american economy im worried because structure of american economy is to reliant on service sector and to little on manufacturing. Hope everything will turn out ok
THE PEOPLE ARE SICK OF BEING ROBBED BY BIG BROTHER!!!!
New York state one of the highest taxed states and the average rate of pay is pretty much minimum wage which is 15 dollars a hour. Then take out that 9 percent tax then that doubled up federal tax it's b.s. We are getting robbed weekly. Why is our check taxed by our state when everything we buy gets taxed too. Ain't that double dipping.
And one of the best benefits of working from home? If you have to take a bad dump you can use your own bathroom without worrying about dirty toilet seats and two other people dumping right next to you. That benefit alone is gold.😃
Why is it every time they do a show like this its mostly about white collar people and little about blue collar workers.
Sounds like some resumes are going to have some big holes in them, or job hopping. People are living on government checks, and credit. Guess you don't appreciate what you have, 'til it's gone. Guess what, the feckless dems are running our economy into the ground. T-Bills are down ~36%. That's a very bad sign. Big companies have already started laying off. This stupid piece correctly sites the exodus from liberal cities, they just lie about the real reasons, like high crime resulting from the refusal to provide consequences to criminal behavior. Guess what, wages will not keep up with the 40 year record inflation rate, which is happening because the dems are printing trillions of dollars, debasing our currency, and filling the banks with cash to keep these dummies living on debt. Higher compensation increases costs of business, which increases prices. Your money is worth less, and no one is going to pay you to collect 4 paychecks for working 4 days at home. How stupid to you have to be to think that's going to last? We haven't begun to see the economic damage the dems are doing.
Remove unemployment benefits and give incentive to people that want to actually work. And hire more Mexican, they are literally lining up to get a job in the USA.
Americans are tired of working for dirt wages and not being able to make ends meet it’s sad to work 40 hours a week and still struggle
*you know people doesn't want to work for another people is because YouTube is preaching that everyone can be his/her own boss so don't be surprised anyway*
These days those raises are a pittance and still not keeping up with inflation.  Employers are demanding people work 50 hour work weeks and attempt to get them in on their days off with threats.  Work Life Balance is a motto, not something they REALLY care about.  There are cases where men have committed suicide instead of quit.  These men were miserable and exhausted.  People are no longer being assisted if they get Covid and I know a few companies that if you have Covid, you should still come in.  THEY are making their own situation worse.   Also, in addition, do not be fooled, there are quite a few companies that have HIRING signs out that do not want to hire.  They are using that as an excuse to keep a skeleton crew and make more profits.   There is a reason profits for big business went up and they want to keep that scale.
Pay is so weak from greed at higher levels of management, folks can make the same money being on welfare and not working.
Get them off the free money they will do better our country is lasy so sad
“The social contract between employee and employer is being rewritten.“ OUTSTANDING! China is so glad to hear this. This is not a nail in our coffin. This is the lid of the coffin closing.
Why? Because the modern young American is a lazy, self-loathing, guilt ridden white monster who considers himself unfairly privileged and lives in a country he doesn’t deserve and that has a shameful history that is his fault. So he’s feeling a little depressed. And besides, he has learned the government will carry him.
They tired of what? They just got more  lazy due to easy due hand outs. They have no skills and want to earn like lawyers. However, some of this is still true.
Good thing she had a husband because it's a lot of single mothers that don't have anybody it's a lot of them out there single fathers they don't have anybody no mother no father no grandmothers no siblings if they do they going through their own issues and their own things taking care of their own I'm families people are more into their own families regards if you related or not so a lot of single fathers and mothers don't have neighbors people and things like that cuz you have to be so careful so that young lady and people like her she was juggling husband child working etc but she had the blessing to have a husband or she could walk away from her job like that but there's a lot of single fathers and single mothers are not able to do that and it's very very hard for them because they don't have any family they all they have is it is the the faith they have to go on that their child you know you don't know if they have to catch the bus how many buses is that car running well almost so much do they have enough to catch the bus things happen in between so people like her and that young lady were blessed on top of blessed but it's nowhere near the same for the single father or the single mother there's some people that have to take care of their mother that is sick and don't have anybody else their father that is sick or a sibling that may be sick and they don't have extra family members someone to help them people don't think about that and it's very hard
I got a jump start I left the corporate world in 2019 . I now fix houses with a few guy's and we love it . First two years was scary but I'm staying with it.
Insurance that provides coverage lol
Do there people who quit their jobs qualify for unemployment benefits?
The person being interviewed is so full of it. I hardly believe a word she's saying. The truth is a lot of people got laid off because of covid-19. Others did not want the shot. And a lot of small businesses are still closed down permanently. It's very hard to get a job right now.
Easy... they can draw more sitting at home
Americans are burnt-out.. so true.
Because the government pays them to stay home 🥴
The employees are directing, dictating to, their employers. The relationship is failing and people think it's a good thing? You have to maintain a professional balance.  The Linkedin woman is a problem. She's really excited about the collapse that's coming. This video hasn't aged well. Record inflation, evictions, all bad. Prob should have worked harder to keep your job because the people running the show want you broke and defenseless.
Look up when the Minimum Wage was established... and then track how workers at that level of pay have lost ground against the Cost of Living up to today. NOTE: the US Congress is doing very well against that same measurement benchmark, but then - they get to say what they're paid. I'm sorry, but I have no sympathy for any company that did not take good care of their workers FIRST.
So how are these people surviving financially? Yes, some start their own business and some are working in a different industry but that doesn't account for most of them. Can someone explain what the majority is doing financially?
Why record #s of healthcare & retail sectors workers are leaving the jobs? Two possible reasons are high risk exposer to Covid infections & life threatening situations. While laid of workers due to Covid shutdowns were getting their pockets flooded with UI + added extra $600/week benefits,the workers on jobs were just getting paid with just regular paychecks which mostly equals to just UI amounts after tax deductions. As workers in emergency situations sectors were subject to life threatening situations on jobs,they were more victimized than UI at home workers and victims of inflationary pressures due to rising prices too. How many of you remembered now about a question from a healthcare worker in Scranton,PA to Joe Biden during his campaign rally about such discrepancies not justifiable at all about foolish mistakes our leaders makes & throated big deficits on working people due to extra weekly benefits for months to Unemployed people? Phytoist.
People are quitting cuz everybody's tired of working for peanuts
Maybe because those who worked minimum wage jobs got up to $600 a week to sit at home, so why work, got those 20 somethings used to getting everything for free.
I don't have a wife or a child or a car.  I don't go out to eat, don't go to concerts or sports games, I don't smoke and rarely drink.   Due to not needing money for all those unwanted or unnecessary things, I'm able to pay all my bills working 2 months out of the year.
NO ONE WANTS TO DO THE JOB OF 3 PEOPLE AND GET PAY PEANUS.
They have been taught that the gov't will take care of you. The young people don't want to work anyways.
I think plain and simple - people want and deserve MORE MONEY.
Because they are tired of being lied to by their employers and their government. It's time we all take matters into our own hands and QUIT USING Global Companies for any business. CUT THE CHORDS people. Run them out of business before they have to run for the lives for the secrets they have been doing behind our backs.
My comment is on this. Thepeoethat stay and are taking on extra tasks and working longer hours jobs need to compensate there employees.  It should be law that jobs increase their employees pay.
I work for the government and we've seen quite a few people leaving. I don't blame them at all. For those of us that are left, they put all of the work on us, we're being sent out into the community to homeless shelters,  which scares some of the employees... with gas and rent up... it's ridiculous that they expect us to handle the massive homeless population with a staff we have.
Im not only seeing lost jobs due to covid and struggling to find another job but so many houses in my neighborhood up for sale and people moving out of cityñ   I'd like to know WHERE IS EVERYONE MOVING TO?  I HEAR people say im sick if living in city and close together they want  to live away from every one   like ?  Off the grid?  Type of environment
OH STOP IT !! MORE WORTHLESS DOLLARS !! HOW ABOUT YOU STOP TALKING DOWN TO PEOPLE !!
WHITE MEN HAVE BEEN FORCED OUT !!
Current administration promotes it by scaring people!
It’s to bad that it affects the health care systems. Nursing and elderly rehab systems are horribly under staffed! MDS systems are pleading for help with all of the benefits that were discussed on this 60 minute program. What a shame when you consider placing a loved one in a system that is horribly broken but could definitely be fixed if those walking away from the work force would only consider the plight of the individuals placed in the health care system. What would you think if you were to witness the conditions of a loved one that could be avoided? My dear wife is an MDS staffer (state of TX) that fights hard for her employee work force so much so that she isn’t afraid of getting her own hands in the middle of a heavy load. She is wonderful and caring and is pleading for individuals to hire .
Respect Safety and Cooperation and fair opportunities
Tired of our money leaving the country
"our revenue doubled...." worker pay stagnent and the workers quit.... the whole 13 mins in a nutshell
Only low paying jobs are every where
I remember when 2020 started I said this and everybody thought I was crazy and wrong but here we go deep we’re gonna wake up we don’t want to be slaves and there’s no reason to go to bricks and mortar all the time and you don’t need to work so much if you’re not obsessed with materialistic things
The food industry totally deserves this
They told us to wear a mask or be fired so we quit its very simple. Needless to say we arnt being paid anything either.
Because people are lazy and the people that do work are sick of carrying the rest of them on their backs. And are fed up with the lazy ones not getting reprimanded for being lazy.
Because Americans are tired of the modern slavery culture. A corrupt government that represents corporations
I can answer that real easy ! Democrats are paying people to stay home !
Everything is going up,but the paycheck.Rent,Mortgage,food,new cars gasoline.Everything costs a arm,and a leg even medications for the sick and elderly.People are getting burnt out.
Customers are So Rude and Entitled, who wants to deal with the abuse. Or employers who think you have to wear a mask or take the jab to work for them.  Mandate Is NOT a law.Also, young people and immigrant illegals have No skills most can’t or won’t communicate in proper English. Young people with few exception are lazy, unskilled un educated. So how is everyone paying their bills?
This country is still in slavery stage. Has the worse benefits in Universe!!! I am glad Americans are waking up!!!!
People tired of working for free years walmart. Home Depot. All these big companies don't tell me their entry level jobs either they're not entry level corporations they're billions and billions
Here is a 60 minute story you should really look into. https://youtu.be/YwcP19gRbvE
Don't believe every thing Leslie Sthal says... she's a libtard...
60 Minutes failed to mention AGEISM. So many companies are crying with their databases full of older, experienced, educated, ideal candidates that they refuse to hire. It is highly frustrating and sickening!
I was one of the workers laid off on 2020 which is not the way I thought that year would go. I was provided severance and had started saving money prior to COVID just in case bc I had been laid 3x before this. So thankful for my time off bc I was so burnt out. I thought I took my time I’m finding a new position but it’s slowly turning into the same nightmare. If you are not working don’t let anybody force you or make you feel guilty about not jumping back into the workforce! Most people are jealous they are not able to do it themselves. I would like to take a more planned break in 2 more years.
Stagnation, low pay, COVID-19, degradation, improbability to get along with, in a small percentage... Nomadic lifestyle, education, evasion of being fired or to be laid off, at times... Sacrifice for a coworker to be laid off.
iThis is a GOVERNMENT LIBERAL FAILURE
Excellent talks
People are realizing they will be scammed out of their retirement, healthcare and insurance is a scam, and all the “benefits” they work for are not any good any more.  So they decide to live and work just enough to pay for now not 20 years from now when they will be robbed of their savings
Moving to red states good
Employers are not offering anything better than they have before. They don't need workers all that bad or they would. And they would actually keep and protect the employees that actually care and work hard every day instead of treating them like expendable numbers.
2,500 to 3 grand in stimulus is not motivation to move across multiple states. Or even to just stay home. That is just an ignorant theory.  Many people who formerly did manual or low pay service jobs are defecting to gig jobs or cash jobs that give them flexibility and more freedom without the grind of shift work.
Where is the further are we going to give Ukraine billions.
Looks like less money for the swamp.
Yah,  many baby boomers...over 80 million ... are retiring early, but many have worked years  and have nice retirements, but what I can't understand and they don't address it....where are all these lazy young people getting their income from?...There is still the costs of rent, food, clothes, gas and the money to maintain a household...how about car payments...mortgages   .....Simple question..where are they getting their income from...is their a government welfare program for lazy people...I guess socialism works if these people don't need jobs..just depend on everybody else to pay your way...
Remote worke will be outsourced to poorer 3rd world countries   Therefoere, remote worke is the doom of high paying jobs.
Employers want to make as much as they can but pay their employees pennies on the dollar. I work in logistics and noticed a big difference by being a owner operator. However, the fuel is killing a lot of us now. But when employers start treating people with dignity and act like they care maybe we will be reluctant to do our jobs as we were trained. But not every state is the same. Living costs play a major factor in what an individual or family needs to get by or exceed with what they need.
Where are the tikki torch carriers. when they were marching they stated the "others" were taking their jobs.
companies arent paid enough. thats the problem
Very frustrating video , a lot of Statements but no explanations of why  or how ?
So how is everyone paying their bills?housing rent is 2300 in Florida!
Its 2022 if your caught selling anything that the earth provides freely you should be hung publicy.
Right now America  is better for foreigners who come here from third world "countries" and get free businesses and loans that most native born Americans are denied. Many of these foreigners become millionaires before they learn the English language.
Greedy landlords an unfair banking has quite a lot to do with certain neighborhoods
With the wages they plan in them feels the work why work 8 to 12 hours a day stressed out worrying about how long can I hang on especially if you have no savings with real estate the way it is you just work to go home to sleep and go back to work everyday wearing am I going to lose one day wages and not be able to afford to pay my rent
I dont have to watch this to tell you why... CEO pay is sky rocketing to record highs... and we as the poor people are left with the slim pickings... There is not even a middle class anymore. Pay people properly and we will get back to work. SIMPLE AS THAT! If that what i said does not make sense to you... You might want to consider growing a brain.
People getting paid off YouTube and everything else they  getting better pay they're not going to work for slavery  pay no more
Easy: Their jobs don't pay enough to live on. Employers simply do not want to pay their employees enough of a slice of their profit.
Last job tree trimmer
My highest paying job 10$ an hour medical benefits
LA Larry chester Thomas aniel moving soon got Ebike SWIFT white selling my SUV perhaps no one will buy it and I'll keep it. February I get paid quasi legal
If COVID-19 taught you one thing, it's  that life is short so go after a better job with less stress & move if you have to. Peace of mind means everything. People in the service industry, receive little respect - know what they go through to get respect.
Amazing how closely aligned are the goals of MSM with Klaus Schwaab and THE GREAT RESET. More 60 minutes propaganda
Time to give workers  a pension , free health  insurance  and 20  dollar wage after taxes it would be it would be 14 an hour.
"The Pandemic shut the economy down..."  Ummmmm, you mean the Government shut the economy down over a cold.
Seriously? You don’t know.  Shove this swab up your nose.  I quit. Someone that stayed- last I knew 120 times.  Wear a mask endlessly/ needlessly.  Get the shot or else.  Treated terribly. By company union management coworkers customers or patients and their families. Pay that does not keep up.
"It's a worker problem". Such denial. Ask the former employees not employers. Talking to the wrong people.
Ayn Rand wrote a book called Atlas shrugged the tagline is who is John Galt
Cheap labor . That's why they are quiting
Shut up you left wing nitwit. The Biden administration is what happened. A complete failure.
Living off someone else's sweat pays better when you have no dignity. When welfare handouts run out, the result will make the Hurricane Katrina aftermath look like playtime.
No welders no other jobs!  Fact!
But if I'm not out there welding no one will have a job hahaha!
I wonder why? Let's see...no benefits; such as insurance, paid vacation (even minimal), less than 40 hours even though being "full time" IF you get that option, minimal or no paid sick leave, retail open 24/7 with NO holiday pay on national holidays if you are scheduled to work that day, leave blackouts during peak business days (apparently, workers have no family or friends to spend and enjoy their holiday season), no overtime,  working with minimal support in terms of manpower, working with unqualified co-workers (who are priveledged due to favoritism), crappy work hours...did I miss anything?  It sucks that we are forced to take any job when we are out of a job and have bills to support. Once you get a job, you're playing catch-up and try to build a cash reserve...which, in most cases, is impossible to do when you work for minimum wage. It's a catch-22 for a lot of people trying to break out of the mold...as it turns out, you need money to make money...
how are they supporting themselves without a job ???
They’re quitting thanks to the violence from the public.
Because America is a human exploitation factory that dgaf about us??
Why work for 15 bucks an hour at these places especially in fast food some of those places doing for that's really bad and a service sucks so you don't see me working there at all
What is the point we are all going to end up old and broke becsuse directly the government .
So people are complaining about the economy and inflation but they are quitting their jobs???
Corporations suck Every knows now that they shouldn't work for the man...they should be the man
There’s also a massive termination for not taking the shot that went down from October to December 2021. Including dishonorable discharged military personnel. Let’s do a show about that.
In small business: Have to be willing to allow them to be on their cell-phones at will.  Smoke pot in breaks. They must be allowed to come into work at their leisure. Calling out of work for any number of reasons must be ok at least two times a week.  Owners must be willing to make less than their employees.
Employers are the problem, their management skills are limited and there is more to having a successful business than the bottom line….it’s taking care of your employees, being fair and generous to them. Example, every business has a sign NOW HIRING, or HELP WANTED…..so you go on line ( the personal interaction is gone ) to apply…..they make you jump thru hoops questioning everything, and guess what….no response, no call back, nothing….nowadays the unprofessional behavior starts at the top…..no wonder good blue collar workers are leaving….and today’s management don’t know how to do the real jobs……
Workers are in the Driver seat . Love it! But we all need to work with a good full hearted opportunity in view .
You work for a company they pay new employees more than the old ones 😂 what happens they quit for more more money.no respect to long term workers and the pay dosent match inflation
Its about the jab
The question is where are the workers and how do they survive without a job.
Employers aren't just not paying but they are not providing safe working atmospheres. They are not training and taking advantage of younger generations. Employers don't care about anything but greed. They don't realize what their employees are capable of. They ruined ppl careers in 2020 and tormented and left ppl concerned about their safety  , finicially , mentally and physically. No one should be surprised by what is happening. Considering they caused it all.
I will say, when I worked in a grocery store during the heart of the pandemic. It would annoy me that people were bring home more money staying at home, then what I made a week in the frontline of covid. I thought of quitting for that reason.
Ya ya ya ya ya 🤪
sWORD -- Father and Son -- Yahu'Ah Yahu'Sha: ...Kingdom's Power and Authority -- 'Saving Will' Testimony, ...Spirit and Truth IN the (verses) of the Whole Living WORD WithIN!!! (echad)  IN Covenant Loyalty -- Morning by Morning Womb!!!  (Isaiah 50:4-10; respectively) The Most High Ab Yahu'Ah hath given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how TO speak a sWORD IN season TO him that is weary: (Spirit and Truth, everlasting TO everlasting) ...He wakeneth (morning by morning), ...He wakeneth mine ear TO hear as the learned. (Covenant Loyalty)  5 The Most High Ab Yahu'Ah hath opened mine ear, and I was not rebellious, neither turned away back.  6 I gave my back to the smiters, and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair: ...I hid not my face from shame and spitting.  7 For the Most High sovereign will help me; therefore shall I not be confounded: ...therefore have I set my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be ashamed.  8 He IS near that justifieth me; who will contend with me? let us stand together: ...who is mine adversary? let him come near to me.  9 Behold, the Most High sovereign will help me; who is he that shall condemn me? lo, they all shall wax old as a garment; the moth shall eat them up.  10 Who IS among you that feareth the Most High Ab Yahu'Ah, ...that obeyeth the voice of his servant, ...that walketh in darkness, and hath no light? Let him trust IN the name of the Most High Ab Yahu'Ah, and stay upon his Most High sovereign!!!  (Psalm 143:8) Cause me TO hear Thy LovingKindNess IN the (morning) womb; for IN Thee do I trust: ...Cause me TO know TheWay whereIN I should walk; for I lift up my soul unTO Thee.  Remember, as we step out on the stage of life; ...we are performing TO an audience of one, our heavenly Father Ab Yahu'Ah Sovereign!  Help build a Kingdom's mindset IN prayer, seeking, testing, perceiving, and be open TO receiving discernment, wisdom, and understanding through sWORD Spirit and Truth withIN one!  Repent, and return TO one(s) first love through the everlasting sWORD unTO Life; Yahu'Sha Messiah: ..."If you Love Me hearken unTO My Commands!" (Ab Yahu'Ah's voice)  Praise and thanks TO the Most High Ab Yahu'Ah, and give all esteem TO His anointed Hebrew Son Yahu'Sha Messiah, our King, High Priest, and Intercessor unTO Life, Love, Logic, and Loyalty, for believers that "Hear Ye Him Only!"
I applied for 10 jobs last month and I'm 63 yrs young, and I was relocated due to covid of a family member passing, which kept me here in Arkansas from California...but my things are still there. The jobs are asking for my diploma 😳😯🧐....from High School. I've worked Stenography, Road Construction,  Cable Arial Transformer replacement  with my own bucket truck and 10 man crew, maximum security Correctional Officer and Juvenile Corrections Agent...this is why some name brand companies evidently don't have me and others as a worker.
11:49 she had support
I was on EAP due to a supervisor
I said this on the day of the "LOCK DOWN"!!! NOW, IS THE TIME FOR LABOR TO RISE UP!!! WE FINALLY GOT 'EM BY THE BA$$!!!!! Most of my life was spent in Blue collar jobs with bosses parking luxury cars next to you then saying,  "hey we're going to give you a .10 cent raise" !!! Ain't it GREAT!!??? They were shocked and threw ALL KINDS of bonuses and such when I was leaving... This was Years ago but it shows that EMPLOYERS will ALWAYS find a way to win.... GO LABOR,  NOW IT'S YOUR TURN!!!
Waking up
Went to school for a year to learn web design, then found out that companies wanted to pay me $10 an hour to design and code - two different skill sets. Why don't you do a series on how people are forced to live on little pay and few hours. People are tired of being abused for peanuts.
I think when employers will start use robots and AI, then their is going to be a problem, because the employers will make more money with less issues when they work with robots. What then?
Bad employers make you tired of the bull . I would never work five days a week anymore . Right now I do seven twelve hour shifts n every other week off . Close as I can get to saying shove it before retirement in right years .
Today, a company makes promises they cannot keep. Profit sharing? Not any more. Yearly cost of living raises? Nope. Fair hours and work load? Ask those doing the work of three on less hours. They give you a tiny raise and insurance bennies increase, if you have them at all. Don't even get me started on ageism. If you are 50 or older, and mostly female...forget it, they don't want you, even if you have perfect attendance and updated skills.
If you doubled your revenue, then double your pay. Then you won't have a worker problem, don't hire employee's hire partners.
Low wages, little to no benefits and the lack of respect.
Tell the TRUTH...OH WAIT...YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH......WHAT A JOKE!!!
I’m 24 and I also quit my job. Ask me why if you want to know.
Because the Democrats taught them that they could and the government will take care of them
Why don't they open more manufactoring?  People didn't quite those jobs.
The last job I quit they had to hire 2 people to replace me. I left because of low pay stress and not being appreciated. I got another job 4 days later but I'll quit it too when, not if, I don't get a raise after the 3 month probationary period. I've heard the company I just got hired at does not give raises. Guess I'll find out.
I know there were so many deaths and struggles but this pandemic also taught us all lots of new lessons….it has changed the world for the better.
Why are you only interviewing black people?
Sadly these posts will be filled by migrants who will suffer the same fate and perpetuate the problem of greed.
Companies and bosses want all the profit by squeezing every bit of blood and sweat from the workers with poor working conditions poor pay and no permanent posts. No future in it for the working class and the pandemic has shown this.
Are you going to make a public apology to Trump for saying there was no evidence of Russian collusion  [ HOAX ]
Fed up of working as slaves for nothing!
We want a working wage it’s just that easy
GOOD! Maybe they will finally change ONLY $2 ph to waiters/waitresses! Most of the public has NO IDEA how these jobs rely on TIPS! I waited tables a few years as a teen.. It is very hard work & very under paid.. You can't even appreciate being served, until you have done this job! I'm a hairdresser now for going on 40 years, so therefore I tip waiters well cause I get tips too!!
This narrator right here I don't remember her name but she pretty much told Trump he was a liar and an interview he had with her and she was wrong big time
I see this as a positive since it's forcing companies to actually do more for its employees. Frankly I hope the rich lose more than the rest of us.
It's happening because ain't no loyalty in the job sector.they lied on so many different levels. it ain't even funny anymore everybody finding out that the job sector is a fraud and when there's fraud nobody going to mess with it United States has turned there back on all Americans the cat is out the bag now.
Big cities and raising rent.pushing aways works and homelessness in a raise   Needs  lower the cost  basic needs.for the  worker go back to the big cities. Flexible hours is needed for both  worker. Health workers not getting pay enough. In overtime. Or in pay. Is not meeting the demand. In the economy  Today. ! Hotels. Try to control. What you make !  On your tips. Its not worth the time !   Hourly rate not competitive !!  People are waking up !! Fed up .by being  Control by big corporations. And there greed !!  Need to balance famaly time as well !
Years and years of  bosses being bosses
And thousands of people who make their honest living by cleaning, repairing and doing security jobs attending office buildings also lost their jobs as well.   Americans work ethics has also shifted.   I know people that get late to work, don’t know their jobs well enough, comes to work with an attitude of entitlement and expect to be pampered by con workers and administration and still demands too pay!   There’s no longer thrive for competition anymore.   Mediocrity is being  rewarded mostly everywhere.   People are competing to do less and staying home instead of competing for getting better at their profesións and driving themselves and the country forward.   Too sad.
We in Africa are willing to take these job offers ... UK has opened for African foreigners for Health Care positions eg Qualified Nurses and Unqualified Care Givers are being sponsored by UK government to attend training down there  Pls advise if USA has such and if so which link to follow to apply
I don't know, maybe a pandemic.
I’m glad all these people are quitting! We work too much, can’t spend time with family, can’t buy a house! Pay 60% in rent, it’s a never ending nightmare. That’s why anxiety and depression is rising! We realize that our time is valuable! I applaud everyone who quit their dead end underpaying jobs! We need a shift! People need to have an opportunity to not just survive, but to build security for their offspring, for themselves! If we continue down this path, we will end up a third world country. I wish more people would quit
CEO's, CFO's, and boards of companies need to be true undercover bosses and customers.  If a CEO has to wait in line at his/her company for 15 minutes, change will come in 5.
That’s why immigration is happening, they will go to work
Maybe because not everyone wasn't the jab
HMMM ? PEOPLE " FINDING " New Things 2ToDo !?! ...
You don't see necklaces made if slabbed turquoise like she is wearing in this video. Very nice! Thanks!.
Because in the years of when i got out of highschool . ... They did not pay good enough in the parttime jobs 7.25 an hour ? How am i suposed to raise my kids w so little money . when insurence and taxes are so high. ?????
Fake pandamik whenever I do best for world they close me and want close my family I broke them
I can't get a job!! Office worker willing to cashier, no problem. They don't want to train or see any of my skills as transferable. The system is messed up!
I quit my job December 2021 after starting my own business in Dec 2020. My office job was toxic with low pay. My manager and middle manager were both lazy. No recognition when you performed well,  but definitely received feedback when you made a mistake.
Coming a night no man will work.
Resilience:)
High cost of living - so looking for affordable living- its not just the benefits-find what fits for You -uhmmm employees are in the driver's seat or riding those busses- vamonos!
Retail and Hospitality - it's just not worth it- People are burned out - vamonos!
Used to work " for federal reserve". Ok I trust nothing of what she says
60 minutes should do a real story on the criminality of the property tax and how it is destroying affordable housing and causing families to lose their homes.
Democrats are paying them to stay home with worker’s tax money
This is making me really see the silver lining to Covid. It made many people reevaluate their lives at work and move on to a less stressful and more appreciated place in life!  At least those that were blessed to do so...
It was not the plan-demic that shut down the economy. Why did medical experts in Sweden decide to keep the economy open and to let people get their natural immunity? Maybe because that was the right answer? And yet the U.S. has leftist political hacks in place of "medical experts"? Why didn't all the "essential" workers quit? It was evil God-hating or sadistic Democrats who shut down our economy. How do they think that an economy can function with government fiat money "printing" and almost nobody working? Sounds like an intentional recipe for starvation, supply chain problems, or economic devastation perhaps to weaken us before our enemies which is high treason.  I blame Democrats for the economic difficulties, and not their plan-demic that I continued to work through and was around people the entire time. As if I have 3+ years of my life to just throw away upon a ControlYaVirus that was said all over the internet to be over 99.8% survivable?  As I see it, the Great Resignation was an overdue correction for multitudes of workers feeling under-valued and under-appreciated whose employers did not sufficiently take care of their workers. Fat undeserved bonuses for incompetent CEOs, while stagnant wages and neglect for the common workers.
In short the title of this topic.is CALL BRAINLESS SO CALL PROFESSIONAL IDIOT VS COVID SCAM CONMAN..POLITICIANS..
It should so call..bluff world's so call smart vs half past six politicians...I wonder why a country so call professional brain 🧠 become brainless can be fool by covid scam...
Liberal lunatic government policies are changing the way Americans think and behave. Why work when you can earn 70% of your wages by not working? Nanny State will give you what you need: home, transportation, drug money, clean needles, etc. Why work when the government teaches you to hate and resent others? Why work when you can steal and commit crimes with no consequences? It's a lot easier than working. Americans deserve the mess they're in for embracing the lunacy of the left. I hope the countries death is violent and painful. I tried to warn about this trajectory for years. Now I relish the demise. Burn baby, burn!
Quitting for low wages, and nasty employers , housing rent,
Bc they hire people with personality disorders to be supervisors and managers who disrespect the employees and talk down to them..and if that doesn’t suck enough..employers ask people to do too many tasks and don’t want to pay for what they’re asking and last but not least consumes too much of your time and that’s too much time spent being miserable.
People are quitting because of the covid ridiculousness. No one wants to work with s mask on.
US needs a back to the earth movement these retail and service industry low paying non-union jobs are a joke and a total waste of your time.
Work sucks that’s why they pay you
joe biden brought us here people.. thanks abc cbs msnbc nbc cnn you all had a hand in this
Because all the owners are from India and China and they want to exert their power over us and they won't let you do a proper job,. but a hit and miss deal, fast food places are filthy, motels, properties they own are ramshackle and employees say NO
Because all the owners are from India and China and they want to exert their power over us and they won't let you do a proper job,. but a hit and miss deal, fast food places are filthy, motels, properties they own are ramshackle and employees say NO
Why no mention of them quitting because of the vaccine mandates? surely this is the main reason, but not mentioned.
THEY HAVE QUIT AND ARE  QUITTING BECAUSE OF THE VACCINE MANDATES! WHY NO MENTION OF THIS?
Quitting job，because rental is free， rental free for almost 3 years， deadbeats tenants！
If your treated like crap you can move now
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand? United States beginning to come out of a major pandemic, to weigh the full effect of the psychological effect on families, folks had a lot to think about. Working for companies with low pay, lousy or under trained management, and folks basically getting treated like s***. Well we call it capitalism and we had governors in the US short and unemployment benefits to Force workers back into the workforce to their surprise it didn't work because they're not listening. A few companies heard and raise their hourly wage only only out of desperation, the do-nothing Congress couldn't even pass a bill for a living wage of $15 an hour, does it matter that people are frustrated and tired of b*******
I love being self employed 😁
When an illegal alien basically gets paid twice for a job in benefits, why would an auto tech with his own equipment want to make less that a burger flipper . Guck this sheet.
This question is a no brainer, rhetorical at best.
Finally Americans are waking up!!!! It's NOT ONLY PAY. Where are the vacations???  While Europeans and rest of the word have 3 weeks vacation at the beginning of job, free or cheap universal health care, free or very low cost high education, Americans don't have that. I lived 30 yrs in Europe and 30 yrs in US. I know the difference. Too many bosses, managers, vice presidents with high pay and no people skills and employees are often are higher educated than thier bosses. Management having no idea how to manage business or workers. With too high pay for nothing...or very weak management skills or actually making the work place miserable for the rest. The owners shouldn't closely look at the employees or common workers but look at the management making millions of $$ and being a cause of people quitting jobs. Many reasons cause that people of US finally opening their 👁👁
So a left wing news program 60 minutes is wondering as they pushed that companies get shut down during the pandemic and as the government handed out free money increased unemployment benefits so called uneducated young people out of college had no incentive to work as they believed that capitalism was evil pushed by Marxist professors then with a  border that is wide open and many companies fast-food restaurants hired low wage workers pushing out low income Americans and more free money as AOC said even those that don't work will get paid so 60 minutes who helped as well as rest of mainstream media never, never reported during the Trump administration the great things that they did to benefit the American people but through propaganda blinded to many people
Age discrimination is a real issue.
UBER AND LYFT PAYS PEANUTS, THAT IS WHY DRIVERS ARE QUITTING.
DENSO = TOYOTA , IN VISTA/CARLSBAD, SHUT DOWN, OPERATIONS DUE TO THE PANDEMIC RESTRICTIONS. NOW IT IS AMAZON.
DON'T BLAME THE PANDEMIC, BLAME THE GOVERNMENT RESTRICTIONS.
Because Biden paid workers to stay home
The reason that employees are quitting in maths numbers is because of inadequate management some of them feel because the pay has been raised they can talk to you any type of way and treat you any type of way I just went through that and that's why people are quitting for better positions if people want their employees to stop quitting treat them with respect and dignity if you don't what you won't do another employer will!!!
The pay is lousy the daycare is way to high. Gas food and rent are to high. They can't possibly make that much money in a week.The businesses were getting ppe money and keeping it paying people minimum wage. People found side hustles on line making and selling products. They make money when they want to with their kids at home with them.
This woman is a disgrace to journalism.
Can't afford to drive to work...duh!
Your broke when you work and your broke with a job. Wages are way too low! $13 an hour when gas is $5 bucks is sad. $15-16 but only getting 25 hours sad plus COVID and monkeypox going. Ppl Better off being self employed.
So currently remote positions is 1 in 7 and my employer is trying to make me work in an office 3 days a week.......I will be seeking one of these 1 in 7 positions
I can say l praise God I have a good job I've been with 5 yrs now I'm getting older but soon to retire I'm definitely not afraid to work bills don't stop car need gas have to eat God ALWAYS provides!!
another propaganda from democrat to cover up there big unemployment seen joe biden took over our economy failure after failure
Is it coincidence pay more instead of charging more 4 rent bills gas....etc...
Why buy the cow when you get the milk for free
Why would I want to work changing schedules so can't set appointments or have any family life, or create a stable schedule with my children? It is paid slavery, dehumanizing. At my age, the only work offered is not only cycling schedules, but part-time, variable, and on-call.
Micro managers and want a be team leads. Lack of Pay
Low pay. No benefits. Rude bosses. Nuff said. You're welcome
Look at health care workers, they were hailed hero's during COVID on the front lines daily working short,crazy hours, then told if they didn't get the 💉 they would be fired...Who treats ppl like that? Sickening I hope everyone that walked away never has to go back!
You see all these places saying hiring but they're not! In my area like every place gas station, groceries stores,fast food as limited amount of ppl to make it operational and say hiring but they don't? Doesn't make sense, I mean I get that in order to hire it needs to work up the line as in more products need to be delivered in order to hire more stockers and more truck drivers hauling products to warehouses to hire more ppl in the warehouse...I get it has to all come together but why say hiring if you're really not?
I feel people want sick time vacation and retirement Good pay along with a respectful employers. Alot of people got sick or died during the pandemic and it made people think life is short. I'm sick and broke no sick time no pay. I need to change my career goals. Others went to work sick got others sick because they need the money and the job don't offer time off with pay or sick time.
CEO'S AND THE U.S.GOVERNMENT ARE $CREWING THE PEOPLE OVER. 🔥🔥🔥I WILL YOU BURN YOU CROOK$ DOWN. 🔥🔥🔥
THERE I$ NOTHING FEDERAL ABOUT THE FEDERAL RE$ERVE.🚫 IT'S A BUNCH OF CORRUPT BANKS PROBABLY CONTROLLED BY CHINA NOW.🚫
I don't understand what people r living on and paying bills w, if u don't have a job, how ????? Is their secret money or what ????? R taxpayers paying for this ????? Hmmmmmmm ????????
Joe Biden is opening the borders so people can come in illegally and fill those positions, I am a truck driver, and whoever employs me should consider himself lucky.
"Hey man do you want to work for minimum wage and live paycheck to paycheck for your entire life... Oh and the 401k you get lucky to get it if I offer it and it probably will take a hit by the time you retire because corporate greed and terrible monetary policy....  if you can afford to invest in it. Oh and the money you save you won't be able to get a house anyways because you have to bid against me who has 100% of the house money in cash and will outbid you."    The problem is your selling us a lie and we know their no way of obtaining it because it's a big fuging CON, so we are just living minimal lifestyles because we rather live a life then not have one, or live someone elses life. No thanks.
Corporate slaves is what we all are.
why don't they hire more immigrants if the local people don't want the job? There should be more openings for people in other countries. That's what usually happens during shortages.
Rude disrespectful environment being hired to do 10 other jobs than what you was hired for and low pay
You want robots to do the work of 3 people without rightful compensation.  You’re not listening. When profits are more important then human overall well being, you have a huge disconnect
Putting employees first will help companies keep key players! That and ensuring employees are provided what is deserving for their roles in the company.
I quit working for a employer because I am fed up paying taxes for woke losers who entitle themselves to take advantage of the system and also a government that ignores the majority of Americans. Thank you Brandon, keep telling yourself that you are doing a good job.
This is the stupid biddy that can't see the truth beyond the tip of her nosdse, telling Trump Russis Rusia was a real thing. but it must be true becuase they were on 60 minutes
In another  6 months we will all be out of work ,voluntary or not thanks to Blow Joe
Got some steady income? A small pension? Social Security? Rental income? A job that transfers overseas? Then get outta Dodge. A relatively small guaranteed monthly income (say, $1,500/month) buys a reasonable lifestyle in other countries. Give Costa Rica, Panama, Ecuador, Vietnam, and the Philippines a look. Time for a cerveza. Pura vida.
Maybe 60 minutes should expose their own corruption.
Enjoy your rebellion now folks, it's coming to a screeching halt soon enough when there will be no food or supplies.  But hey, we get it, you'd rather dance  through a field of wildflowers playing a flute than make a contribution to society.
Cause Democratic policies pay better than working. Free housing ,free food , who wants to work minimum wage.
I quit my job because I was expected to work 16 - 26 hours (yes, I realize that 26 is longer than an actual day) long in an extremely nice hotel as a restaurant manager. My venue was the most profitable square footage of the entire hotel, not too far from all the “attractions” in Orlando. It’s embarrassing what companies expect. I lasted 6 months, and lost 25 pounds.
Because Biden and Dem party gave many incentives to not work but vote blue
I have been out of work ever since I had brain surgery. I was just starting a probationary period so I had to resign. I have applied for many jobs that I am well qualified for in April ongoing and no one has hired me yet. It has been 3 months so far. I have work 2 & 3 jobs at a time so why are they not hiring? My wife and I both have not been getting any luck; just emails saying thank you for applying but we have went with another candidate.
Bring in the Mexicans.  I'll bet they'll be more than happy to fill a lot of those jobs that only require a high school diploma.
That pandemic was brought on cuz it was all planned that Trump was going to win the election no matter what because he was so popular and he had the right idea in the county was doing great and everybody knew it so what they did is rig that epidemic with the cover and 19 so they can stuff them balance because they started election like 3 months before the election just so they could have enough votes to rig it
Yes like she said it: shove it. Enough with making the numbers and making other people rich.
At quitting a job and not wanting to work because they are depressed and know that they voted for Trump and Trump lost because the election was rigged and a lot of people know that they're not stupid you can white wash it and many of times and fake news can go ahead and say oh no that ain't right but we all know that Trump won the election because nobody could be so damn stupid to put that a****** Biden and as a president
I'm a senior citizen that recently applied for a job (65 applications)! Out of 65, I was offered 1 interview which I attended but did not get the job. I am college educated,  but feel very much undervalued because of my age. Some of us want to work but can't find an employer to hire us.
Because: forced vaccinations. Forced mask wearing. Woke liberal training. Inflation. Lack of human respect from employers.
Moving in with mommy and daddy
People need respect.. better benefits, more vacation time (paid) parental leave mother and father. In Europe ppl have 30 days PTO.. in 1 year, sometimes more
S.A.P. too much of a pain
We the people have to level the plain flieds from greedy corporations to small businesses in our community  keep a blance.in check. And the freedom space  how to live ! In America !
Who wants to work in hotels or restaurants.  Buy a winnobego travel cook your own food. Lack of respect and lack of real wages is correct.
Because They Can't Afford Sh+#T
You guys have forgotten that Joe Biden sends money every month to the younger generation.
Up and down is always a compensation to each other. It's a matter of time.
We are not with Biden and Harris...
Fofole
Jobshare scheme is a good thing for  people who can work together.
USA will benefit from jobs here within employment market.
My x left me for someone with more money. And they put me on child support. Then, when i was working, a stupervisor made me loose my job. FTW!
Our country also lacks good jobs doing important things.  Working at chikfilet is not very inspirational like working at NASA or its suppliers.
A lot more people don’t want certain jobs. Tech jobs booming? Landscaping/Tree Services??
ALL THE PEOPLE WHO NEEDS THESE JOBS DONT QUALIFY.  MY HUSBAND HAS BEEN TURNED AWAY SO MUCH.  THEY ARE NOT LOOKING FOR EMPLOYEES THEY ARE LOOKING FOR A BIG GOVERNMENT PAYDAY DO TO “people not wanting to work”. Then hire me  why look at my record which is over 10 years old I have one felony because I didn’t tell who really did the crime I went down for. That is it I explain I was young and stupid i don’t think that way and have not for many years   They don’t care.  They are not hiring the people putting in applications !!!!!!
Where ?? No one is qualified
Lack of respect or common decency
Most American workers are just unhappy due to toxic work culture compare to Europe
The boomers are retiring and the next generation are not big enough to replace the number of boomers drop out of the work force
First off,,the government  has always  monitored  job employment,  they didn't start twenty years ago! Second- I used  to be against  illegal immigrants,  now nomore,  , If you can't get of your a**, .  they want what  you got,and are comming to take it away from you, and  I'm alright  with that,, do drugs and stay hungry  my friend!
GOVERNMENT BENEFITS IS A CATCH YES 🤔🤔🤔  ..FEDERAL GOVERNMENT NEVER WANTS TO LOSE. I REALIZE IT. FEDERAL TAXES WENT TO 3.5 % HIGHER WHILE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IS STILL SENDING OUT STIMULUS CHECKS TO SOME PEOPLE🤔🤔🤔🤔  NOT EVERYONE RECEIVED STIMULUS  CHECKS IN USA..🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔.
TOO  MUCH CRIMES IN AMERICA ON THE STREETS..PEOPLE IS  AFRAID TO  GO TO  HE OFFICES....BOSSES DOESN'T CARE ABOUT EMPLOYEES...,PERIOD...IS ABOUT  TIME EMPLOYEES SEE THAT THEIR TIME DOESN'T WORTH  IT.....BECAUSE THESE JOBS GIVES STRESS, HIGH BLOOD LEVELS....NO HEALTH  BENEFITS....PEOPLE NEED  HEALTH  CARE...THEY'RE HUMAN BEINGS LIKE BIG BOSSES CEO'S...HOMES COST IS HIGH SINCE 2022.
Since the pandemic I have been working for myself and it's Nirvana compared to what I was having to do.  I am using all of my skills to make myself rich and not some employer.  I should have done this at least 20 years ago.
These issues are in low-paying jobs to begin with. Professionals are not quitting their jobs, they are more competitive than ever. Also, Linked In is useless for professional, IT, and tech jobs. Their search engine sucks, the same job is published multiple times by unscrupulous recruiters, and then applicant tracking software "rejects" most of the applicants.
Are they? Or is the an excuse to hide all the missing people? Did china just notice 21 million missing people? Bloomsburg reported this on 2020, If not, where did they go?where are all the people?
'Social contract of work is being rewritten; and the workers are holding the pen.'  Brilliant!
The "better pay and benefits" are not keeping pace with the times.  Being over worked for long irregular hours is clashing with family care, personal wellness and quality of life in general.  My coworkers were told that we were "essential" during Covid.  Most of us worked through out the pandemic while observing that our quality of life was not really compensated by putting in long hours, leaving our families at risk were we to get ill or bring illness home.  ( a friend who is working at a nursing home infected his entire family.  And he's living with olde parents, and infant nephews!) I told my supervisor that I'm so tired and not having enough time to do my own laundry,  due to their schedule demands is costing me dry cleaning expenses! My coworkers and I struggle to stay awake after stupid hours driving a bus. Then we have been neglecting self care and one operator had a stroke on the job. And still came back  to work cleaning the buses! I'm going for therapy when I'm not too tired after work. My car needs a tune up and my one day off is consumed by recuperating from a 60 hour work week. The turn over rate is high, at the plantation. ( our pet name for the garage) Some of my coworkers have  been coming to work sick and tired so long that it's just habit. But thankfully there's a new generation that is NOT taking the carrot or the stick!  This is the new millennium,  not some pre industrial, colonial era work force.  Workers aren't going to give their all to some job and end up urinating in a bottle, whilst others are working "remotely" on a beach, having Mai Tai's.
Congratulations to all those who joined the "big resignation". It's about time the "working man & woman" took control away from corporate America. To long have you been use and abused by these greedy savages who cares only about their bottom line. Your goals & dreams are important too. Pursue them on you own terms. Well done!
60 minutes?  60 minutes of complete BS.....
because the government will pay more to sit at home. Including medical cash and food stamps.
forced to take shot that dont work
Lazy birds
Fake news
companies are changing. In the warehouse I work at no one is applying so they've been hiring a bunch of middle age woman and immigrants and boy did our production tank. 85% production, it's pathetic. So I'll just sit back and watch it unfold. Sooner or later management is going to have to start calling people in and disciplining.
Nobody wants 7.25 per hour the bonus and sign on offers are just a marketplace scam.
I never quit. I was let go as a Nurse because I decided to be unvaccinated.  I do not ever want to be a Nurse again.
We don’t want our employers to tell us we need to take experimental bioweapon Covid shots or wear a face mask to work. My body my choice, remember?
We don’t want our employers to tell us we need to take experimental bioweapon Covid shots or wear a face mask to work. My body my choice, remember?
Treat people with respect and stop keeping the high $’s for the higher ups, give credit where credit is due and they want time with there families as well with timely vacations,, I have so much to add…………………………
People are waking up to the theft of their labor through inflation and big money going to the bosses.
Because they cut hours to 8 hours per day but they want the same work done like if we work 11 hours always crying about money or blame the government for cutting our hours when is them that don’t want to pay overtime so I rather go home have extra kids food stamps unemployment and enjoy more time with family
Because this generation are lazy worthless bumbs collecting a welfare check!
I was looking for a job when I found this one. I don't need the work like you need the work done.   Todd Snider
Seems to me growing up people were proud of doing a good job and now they don't want to work. Stimulus package paying people more money than working for it. They've gotten lazy and what people need to go through is what the Greatest Generation did.
Prices are too high everything's too high they're not competing with the level people are falling back
Where are they they're not in the Washington Heights area in New York City
I predicted this 20 years ago...many are working remotely; it's an online world.  Tons of companies offer  remote positions now and it saves them money versus brick and mortar. We also have YouTubers that are banking millions along with other platforms.
Those jobs are not paying what people need to make- did you look to see how many small businesses were opened? People started investing in themselves and working for themselves
I wish you had answered your own question.
And don't tell me workers are holding the pen! This entire interview is so out of touch with reality.
Especially during the height of COVID mania, death is not worth $88 / day. People may be uneducated or lack high-paying skills, but they know when they are being ripped off and when it isn't worth it anymore even if they are in a dire financial situation.
Employers still think they can pay labor pennies on the dollar and terrible working conditions. It doesn't take a 60 Minutes story to tell you, treat your staff right they will take care of you. Garbage in Garbage out.
Save All Children
It’s very strange what is happening. Before the “pandemic” and the country shut down, anyone who wanted a job had a job and everyone at that time actually wanted a job. Gas prices were much lower then they are now. Things were going good for Everyone. Then the pandemic hit, the news had the death total daily and most people were afraid to leave the house. Now we have learned to live with the “pandemic” which is what we should have done from the beginning. The news media = Democratic Party had to find a way to get Trump out. So they did what they did and here we are. I don’t understand how so many people can afford not to work. Did everyone move back home with their parents? Is mommy ok with paying all the bills while her grown children are playing video games in her basement? I don’t get it. It’s like the entire country changed overnight.
Lots of jobs don’t pay enough to make a living so what’s the point!
Mr. James Jorden's construction company has a an insight for his employees: treat them as part owners of the company.  Without employees working companies. can not exist.  Look into partial employee ownership.
Go back to your old job, you’re not qualified for a dream job.
When you give Americans billions in free money what you think will happen …
It’s because WE don’t want to take the poisonous jab!!!
Where is the racial diversity in this interview? 🤔 only black people quitting their jobs? Is there more to be revealed in this trend?
We're all sick of being treated like trash.  Empolyers don't care about their employees.
what about not having the skills to fit the job because many employees dont want to hire.There are still picky employers out there.
They would rather watch tick tick all day, gossip and be on their phones 247.
Because it costs more to go to work than they make
Who wants a three day work week with no benefit's . Go figure !
Sign on bonus should be an sign on bonus not after 90 days .. it's a gimmick
We are hiring 😂
Start hiring older workers instead of discriminating against them. I'm 63 and lost my 23 business in the pandemic, but honestly it started struggling because life happened, and had to balance being the sole caregiver of my Mom with Alzheimer's s, and a very demanding business. That in itself is a testament to character, and perserverence, yet over 100 applications to date only landed me 1 interview, even though I'm willing to accept any job( other than physical labor beyond my capabilites ). I have so many successful years in sales, management, and customer service. I'm also an optimistic personality, and rarely met anyone I couldn't get along with. So employers quit complaining you can't find anyone, and stop demanding qualifications that have absolutely nothing to do with the crappy, low paying job you're offering.
I would take less pay right now if the job was less toxic.
One word: management
People are just lazy
As if camera surveillance is not enough, at my work employees have to spy on each other and report what they see. I got fired by my colleagues! The system forces them to  report but since they are a group covering for each other. I was the sheep among wolves. I am not sad. But people please watch out for what you comply for. Remember we are God's children and some behaviors can stop us being human beings.
LET'S GO BRANDON! 🇺🇲
Raunchy home office doh :)
People are LAZY !!!!!!!
An Exodus like this always happens when Pharoah declares that we now must make our bricks without straw...you can only push Hebrew slaves so far.  We will no longer make bricks for this fake god of Biden that the 117th House unlawfully inaugurated 3 days before Jan. 6th, The Great Replacement of Trumps God with the God of Disney, Brahma is responsible for The Great Resignation...we call it the 2nd Exodus.
Under paid, over worked, long hours, multi tasks aka doing the work of two, three positions filling...and in general the cost of living!
Working mother's, people are still having children in the  world/society  that's shout at the devil optimism.
Biden  needs to see this. he's in his own dream world.
jobs and wages are up according to biden. if so it's not because of anything he has done.
I'm moving to Greenville? 😁
You have to pay me 500.00 💸 a day, if you want me to work for you? 😁
It's all about more money? 💰
Good In One Way Bad In Another Way  After 5 Months Supposedly We’re Headed To An Inflation
Are These People Still Not Working In 2022
ATTN: MINORITIES Not to long ago they were denying entry into these restaurants, saying they don't want our business..THIS WAS HAPPENING A LOT. Customer mistreating staff with racial undertones and a total disregard for people who serve them.  Human beings that have these low paying jobs are treated like trash...and they know it. Now, they're looking to fill these positions and honestly people were already waiting on an opportunity or reason to leave this unstable and stressful environment.  I remember my 17yr cousin working for the cheese cake factory and the customers were so rude no matter how nice she was...and even if she was blatantly disrespected by a customer, especially the white ones, the manager would not even come to her aid...they would always take the side of the customer no matter how disgusting these people would be. Lesson for all who look down on the waiters, dishwashers, hostess....you should check your attitude at the door and try to appreciate the people that take these position that don't pay enough to deal with rude customers. P.s you know who you are!!
They lie most of these jobs pay five bucks an hour...they cut your hours..and they have no benefits..like health insurance...paid sick leave...etc..
Interesting ..... The small company owner who said he has doubled the amount of work contracts but can't get the workers.  Well, maybe if he turned some of his potential profits into above minimum wages, then he wouldn't have so many problems.  I have my own small business.  So many of the owners of similar small businesses are complaining of worker availability.  One point blank asked me "Why are you not having problems?" .  Simple, I pay 20% higher than "normal" pay.  I am flexible about home work if a child is ill and a parent needs to stay home.  I pay a week for Christmas leave on top of annual leave accruals.  And recently, together with a different boss, we have formed a wholesale grocery purchase service where employees get to buy goods at the rates we pay (we make no profit).  I haven't lost an employee in six years.  Still make profits but you have to learn a simple truth .... Your most valuable asset is your workforce.
My 5 kids and all their friends belonging to the mid 20's - mid 30's categories.  They all quit during the pandemic saying the government gave them more money than they could ever earn at their jobs, more benefits as well.  My son didn't quit even though he doesn't make much, he is a care giver and loves it.  But none of his friends, about 50 or so loved their jobs so they quit.  Friends from the rest of my kids did the same.  The mid thirties category quit because after a taste of online working they found jobs where they could continue working from home that coupled with no more fighting traffic and gas prices.
Americans are lazy bring in the Mexicans. And then you will see progress.
Sh*tty pay and lack of benefits is the issue!!
Lazy people not any virus!
Those people who are saying that people are quitting their jobs and sitting home because of the stimulus checks are insane!  People had to spend that money on food, electricity bills, water bills, credit card bills, etc., and it wasn't even enough to cover all of those, so most of us are still in need of help.
The first thing companies need to change is the accepted corporate practice of laying people off in mass on short notice when the profits aren't rolling in.  I believe this trend started in the early 80's and gradually became the norm over time.  Nothing....I repeat NOTHING.....will leave a more bitter taste in worker's mouths than this.  It completely upends people's lives and destroys families and communities.  How are you supposed to hold a 30 year mortgage, save for retirement, and raise a family when this commonly occurs every 5-10 years across the employment landscape?  This is  why the modern workforce show's no loyalty or commitment.  Ever wonder why millennials are hesitant to buy houses or have kids?  Because they know most "careers" today are nothing more than a short-term stint.  It's like a giant gig economy that tries to re-invent itself every few years.
I can't believe you're even asking this question, how do you not know what the cause of it is. To me it's obvious, people did not want to be forced to take the shot in order to keep their job, so they quit. Duh!
There’s a worker problem! Where should we go to find the root of the problem!? Greenville, SC!?!?  Seriously?
2 words…..  ONLY FANS  That’s the culprit
Too bad for a lot of us walking away doesn't make the bills go away.   It's about propaganda gearing us towards socialism so the norm will look like people quitting their jobs.  It's all planned
We are done with your vision of society. It's time to make ours.
I WORK IM A TRUCK DRIVER  AND WAS IN THE ARMY IM PROUD  OF WHAT I DO AND SERVING MY COUNTRY  IM 60 YEARS  OLD  AND LIKE MY ALL MY FAMILY  DID . NOW WE HAVE TEASH  AND DEADBEATS  IN AMERICA
BECAUSE   A LOT OF AMERICANS  HAVE BECOME  DEADBEATS  AND TOO MANY GOVERNMENT  HAND OUTS  WHICH COMES FROM THE REAL WORKING  PEOPLE
OK America! Wake up!They are staying at home and collecting free checks from the government to sit on their butts
Imagine going to a job obtaining a reliable car ( car note) to get there and can’t pay insurance for car trying to not miss a day due to high rents. Now you paid your car note with no insurance and your rent but now your light and gas is being turned off . There is no peace in that type of life. Watching for the police with no insurance to get to a job that is not even allow you to live. And if you can’t keep your lights on or gas or high water bill they put you out for not being able to keep utilities on. Verses staying home getting unemployment no insurance no car note it’s a choice you have to look at. The job market is a gimmick. The whole  world should have housing and a straight forward system for people that fall sick like I did. The job system is sad I was a step away from homeless with a job only reason my job is in place was Fmla and I slept on my couch until I healed,flu with Covid-19’s symptoms flu /Covid. Then major surgery. Sad part I became 😷 from coworkers. My whole perspective on life is sooooo different and I have no hope in the job market or a job that endangered me for their own selfish greed and would not pay me for Efel leave. (Covid leave)
My prob is managers. No formal training on how to treat people right in order to get desired outcome. And of course, low wages.
It cost so much to get to work that it’s not worth it.
I watched this nut sack interview President Trump,  basically saying there was no truth to the spying of his office,  his home, and the Oval office.  Calling him basically a liar.  When in fact,  it was true.  Then again,  the movie 2000mules which shows how these woke bots won an election trough feud.  I wouldnt believe this woman/thing for a second.
And that is why I don’t update LinkedIn or social media in general…. They use my data to evaluate their stance……and yes workers are rebelling Workers don’t want to be owned & dictated by corporate America …they want flexibility to live their lives respectfully…. The Pandemic highlighted how employers held the keys to their lives and they want them back
We got people over here that get their water and electric bills paid, 75% of their rent paid, $500-1000 food stamps a month, and there is even talk about gas vouchers coming around..all from the Biden Administration with your tax paying dollars...so why would they want to work...and for the kicker, they drive newer cars and live in moderate homes....oh wait...I hear a stimulus.
People are tired of how they are treated in corporate America as they call it
We as the workers always had the power...We all just need to come together and demand they pay us fairly
Now explain why SO MANY have left federal employment.
i really truly believe the media is full of shi
im 61 and play music for a living it takes sacrifice !!!!!!im free 100 hours a week to do what i want
for me i made it i receive enough income fixed and what many people dont understand well they get caught in this dream of retirement work thier lives away and end up paying a nursing home etc....while they then wonder what happened to thier life?
Every American want to make 100hr or let the illegal work and give American checks for 5000 every month not to work and give the illegal the jobs temporary term not long term
Yeah crazy waiting for companies to pay more they do then the cost of living triples …government tripping now bring trump back
How are people sitting without work. It costs to live.
This doco is terrible, low effort and flat out deceptive.
OH, Omacron!!!! Right, balone!!!! I'd like to know how they are paying the rent and putting gas in their cars and making car payments. OH, right!!! Food? how are they feeding themselves? All we get from the gov and Media is balone.
Baby Boomers are leaving because they're retiring.  They were raised by the Greatest Generation.  What we have now are snow flakes that can't wake up or get themselves to work on time.  Can't function with ANY stress.  Need "safe" rooms.  Feel entitled because EVERY school, parent, teacher and organization they were unfortunate enough to be in has told them they are special.  This generation of emotional cripples can't  function without Starbucks making them coffee!
They were making more money on unemployment because of covid so why would they go back to work. Take away their extra benefits and they will have to go back to work.
Yea liberals leaving the big cities because it cost to much. Well they made it cost to much now they will take their failed politics to a new state and create another disaster
AI will take the lazy's job very soon!  Get a skill!  Don't be lazy!  Accomplishment is rewarding.  Learn and do what excites you!
They are dead or on drugs duh
Maybe this is true for some, but not the reason for most people leaving the jobs
They are lying... it's the vaccines...most of the employees did not want those demonic vaccines
We wish you would quit Leslie, you political hack.
Construction, way to much work,for the money
very true it's a lack of respect and pay problem
I retired because of government and media reporting about gloom and doom with covid and I said I'm getting out and enjoying life not being depress and  burned-out now I'm  happy since retired baby boomers are hard worker take the place 3 people now what your left with one person lazy and on the phone calloff
Biden America's enemy
Construction plumbing electrical roofing hospice type care and many others are not possible 'remotely' ! This story illustrates only a small well educated minority group of people being successful as indicated by the 1 in 7 data point. How about the other 6 of 7 ? That's the rub and the real problem to be looked at ! - tic tic tic...........
Total lack of respect, with continual lies and sabotage, dumb and dumber treats you dumber than they. Apostle Paul was killed from lies. Its all in how the employer treats their employees.
Lets talk about the jobs that are hiring everywhere desperately but not hiring selective of people who applied or had interviews..
Inc. and Grow Rich!
I thought we are at record low unemployment ? Don’t make sense
THIS LUNATIC ADMINISTRATION SHUT DOWN 22 MILLION JOBS AND I STILL HAVE NOT TO WEAR THE DAMN MASK RIDICULOUS.
Balance of employer respecting employees and employees not feeling entitled
Because the democrats created this and this illegitimate president
All these millions that quit their job where are they now? and where do they get money to live?🤔
Decades of outsourcing has gotten us exactly where we are now. While the government is planning to oppress us even more we're figuring out how to build our own homes, live in sheds, get licensed in a trade/open our own businesses, grow our own food.... #fuckthefed The Poor are the legs this country stands on!
We are heading towards depression tell it like it is that what really going on Thanks to Joe Biden
Nobody did not mentioned some people did not want to be vaccinated.
Quality management is needed in business!  Look at W Edwards Deming to learn an appropriate style and stop promoting only those with cruelly narcissistic behaviors!  Especially if you want to hire a teacher!
Is this still going on?
One reason,second reason is the low paying
Is joe stimulus package of paycheck
Joe n’ big stimulus package pay checks 👈🤔
👎😡👿💩
I think the ppl were able to relax and got to use their brain to think on wants really going in live..realized  it's all  bs....we have been remotely  been drained and the batter actually died...breathe
Soon robots will take over n governments will just pump out cash assistance to everyone to pay bills n other things. It's inevitable
It's because are tax dollars are being sent abroad  by a government that's betraying America
I wish that our society would stop listening to Libertarians.  I find Libertarianism to be a cult of preferential assumptions, justified through long-winded fairytales from Ayn Rand, an overly biased, demented, hateful cynic who accepted Social Security in her later years, which also makes her a hypocrite.  Finally, please allow me repeat myself: Libertarianism is a fairytale.  We can't even point to success stories, not for lack of application in the dispersal of public services (Ex. Kansas, Florida, Somalia, etc.).
Work at McDonalds for pennys with disrespect Run an online business for pennies with freedom and more respect.   It's an easy answer.
the massively wastefulPPP program, sent 600k to a local employer here that saved it all,tax free...he had 9 employees making 12-16 doollars an hour!..I TRULY DOUBT SHE HAD EVER SAVED 50,00 IN A SINGLE YEAR !.the Rule of Unintended Consequences,which no giveaway program ever looks at, DROVE INFLATION TO THE POINT that for every 1500 dollar check written to taxpayers,42000 was ADDED TO THE natinal debt and that 1500 was lost to inflation in 7 months!WHAT FOOLS,OUR GOVERNMENT....AS CORPORATE AMERICA COLLCTED MOST of that 42000 bux!
60 minutes is as dumb as biden is
There's a certain "bracket" of people who bought all the houses over the last 2 decades.  Now  they have a significant chunk of American wealth.  Boomers passed us up because we didnt buy their BS  (think social media) and sold it to GEN Z.,   E-GENERATION,   MILLENNIALS   or whatever label stuck.   We've had enough of the HIPPIE/YUPPIE/BOOMER  crap and  the younger generations have no idea just how far up the rear ends of these bad people they are.   My last job didn't have anyone over 29 years old and they actually looked relieved that an older person was coming aboard.   ALL IS NOT LOST!!!    Theres a generation you should be talking to.        -GEN X
Alot of people woke up after and during the pandemic. Alot of people started their own businessess and don't care. And there is alot of help of new programs to become entrepreneurs.
Big corporations of today are bean counters. They want to monitor everything you are doing second by second , They create hostile work environments when they have their employees at each others throats. About 10 years ago i worked for a giant Pharmaceutical    Distributor that made billions   upon Billions a year. Yet they treat their employees as trash . Long hours low pay and the constant pressure of making your numbers or you are fired.
Because the world structure is going into chaos like they wanted it to. They want us to purge each other until 50% of the population has decreased and they have a reason to disarm us. And they want the savages to eliminate each other, so they can execute their plan to docile the remaining, take their weapons, control their food supply, and keep us as slaves so their twisted selfish system designed to keep us down and them up continues as the status quo that lifevhas become today..
Are these people getting unemployment insurance despite quitting???
America is going away little by little
This “plan-demic” is setting the stage for the universal income. The elite knew this would happen and steer everyone into their ultimate goal. “You’ll own nothing and be happy” 2030.
Just reading the comments was great therapy for me. I was not alone.
I retired early as I was burned out working 10 hours a day.  I got tired of the "we have to work harder" mentality.
Interesting ! No mention of vaccine mandates being a factor, especially in the health care industry ?
They are not hiring. They want your information.
Cause they're sick and tired of Uncle Sam taking their hard earned money. Being treated like servants  Not paying workers enough to deal with Karen and Karl Paranoia
The pandemic didn't shut down the economy. The government did.
Don't work and stop eating.
How can a 21 year old be tired?
In America the only thing that matters is shareholder value. There was once a time a worker was an asset. He became the liability. All downhill from there
Why should people go to work they don't get nothing restaurant workers don't get no pay electronic technicians are skilled profession and companies won't pay them electronic technician should be making 70 or $80000 companies don't give him anything they don't give him enough vacation time they don't pay for health benefits they don't give vacations there's nothing but temp jobs so why should we go to school to become technicians employers have been s******* on Employees from way too long
Every electronic technician electrician carpenter carpenter glazer plumber should all be in unions every single one because employers do not do anything for their employees anymore it's all about making a book is no pensions anymore doesn't anymore there's no health benefits anymore  there's no vacation time 9 minimum PTO you hardly get any employers' have got to start doing something for employees or they're not going to have employees
I'll tell you why there's shortage of skilled workers because employers are not treating their workers right it's right employers are treating them their employees like garbage they don't give impentions anymore they don't give him a living wage anymore there's no upward mobility there's no no unions temporary jobs all the time every temp agency should be going out of business could it should be illegal to keep somebody on temporary for any more than a month
Bidens Fault.
I think it comes down to the high cost of fuel to get to that job, the fact that government has made it more economical to stay home and live off the government. I have talked to people who say they had employees quit because it is more economical for them to live off the government. Thanks Biden and Democrats, you are helping in the shortage and high prices we are facing now. The "Woke" generation isn't helping, they are spoiled brats who were raised by parents who never said "no", never had to work for anything, mommy and daddy give them a free tv, cell phone, free place to live and a car until they were 30+, now they don't know how to support themselves.
most of the jobs that hiring not telling people the truth they're very picky who they hire somebody can be qualify a job and they will tell him they'll call them and they never do it's a whole lot more than each other not telling people you got some jobs want to pay people $11 an hour everybody know $11 hours not enough take care of your family
Alot of people don't want to take the poisonous jab
Vaccine mandates
I’ve  made 10x more money at home on Webull than I ever made working. I think that plays a big part in this equation.....
They will come back..just try to be paitent..
Get a job under the table... Stop being a sucker supporting a government intent on screwing you... Take a knee this July 4th
…the economic situation in the USA is a disaster…thank you Joe…
Americans have been underpaid and overworked for too long and they're tired of it that's why they're walking out
People are finally fed up doing something they don't like doing everyday and now they're walking out
The employers don't treat people nicely.STUPID MANAGERS FOREMANS.SO STUPIDS that's the main problems
I’m sure if I was able to afford Stanford, Harvard and Oxford I’d love my comfortable job. I think a lot of it as to do with respect.
Nowadays, we're being underpaid and overworked. That what gives a lot of people an incentive to quit.....
Where have all the illegal migrants gone?...
Reganomics sure is working
Jobs that you can work from home you can hire Globally
Nope.
We are human beings, we are not robots.  Only robots work 24/7/356.   Hire robots.  America is not a nation for corporates, it is a nation for the people.  Go visit San Francisco, and see how many are living on the streets.  It is a city for the people !!!
I worked at a major bank and for employee appreciation day they gave us a “fun size” Twinkie after that I quit and started my own business I’m much more happy now.
Why are employees not being asked? Yet again employers.........
Here in Scotland pathetic pay- min wage or just above £9.50ph legal min.  figures don't stack up with travel etc
Yea no one’s trying to work your stupid jobs for 15 bucks anymore. People survived one way or another and realized it. Shove that 15 up your A.
Could it be Poor pay Lack of respect No benefits
American seniors need help that's tied to inflation not urban worker's
Our lives are more valuable than companies profits
There aren't full time jobs companies won't give full time employment people can't survive with this economy people can't pay for gas to even get to a job
My husband retired from his job because of the plague he is 70 year's old and I also quit because the plague the government wants everyone to believe this plague is over that's a lie companies aren't willing to make safe work places when millions of people have died because of this plague
We are still in a plague
Because people can't afford to pay for gas and out of control inflation
You are quitting jobs and we here are facing high rate of unemployment
Called him everyday for 2months haha welcome to the Age of Aquarius the individual rules
If government benefits were not so high, bet more people would be working for sure. I know several people that said they only get five or ten dollars an hour based on 40 hours since its eliminates their welfare payments. Eliminate that money and I bet they would work.
It’s not that difficult:  Employers do not treat their employees like human beings.  If and until the business schools, and their students, the present managers, realize this, it’s going to be a crappie situation.  That was a 1950s curriculum they were trained in, it’s outdated.  It’s the “smart” peoples’ fault.  The business schools’ fault. The people who should know better.
Not just the DoD, Facebook and Google are silently forcing these toxic on their employees despite all the malfeasance uncovered. They cite accommodation given but how many will be granted is still questionable. Are mandates even legal especially now that the emergency is over? One can't help but suspect the CEO has something to do with Pfizer and Moderna.
It's either work or starve so these people quitting are employed elsewhere. Probably moving into jobs vacated by the dead covid victims. The statistics say we lost alot of Americans to it. Each one most likely had a job.
2020/09 I came back stateside, to update our farm. The worse decision that I've made in a long time! For the cost, I could have been comfortable for 7 years overseas!   ±America was showing as a dysfunctional democratic leadership, as it's citizens followed down the rabbit hole!  Totally PERFECTIC!   Product saying available but, taking over a year to get with little or no selection... many items paid for and I'm still waiting, why? Labor unwillingness even at their ridiculous prices; 30+ ph. Unemployed, stimulus, section 8, food stamps, and food banks contributed to our downfall of why work?   At 66 yo being a one person worker w/o assistance... finally 1/2 way to my goals... not the American Dream!   Meanwhile, a small family home was built in Guangxi, no over runs, ahead of schedule, and a reasonable cost.   Hello American Dream, why do I NOT FIND IT HERE BUT, ONLY IN CHINA ?   TRULY, I SHOULD HAVE STAYED IN GUANGXI!
I’m done paying taxes to the government! Unfortunately quitting work and selling my homes is the closest I can do not to pay taxes. I buy what I can in Oregon but they still get me with fuel tax.
Im worry i went to the bar , got me a Corona it was $7 and no fuc@##^ lime ,, what no lime !  Something wrong i hope it gets better
President buying it is going to free money to quit their jobs President Biden is getting a free money please quit your job that's why the president buying and wants and get paid for free that's not white
Most of them prefer to be on unemployed pay which is stupid abusing the system. They rather be sleeping late and enjoying life without working. The unemployment system is the people that really need it
People are quitting because they have other sources of income. They have to eat and live, like everyone else. Once the virus brought out, they just choose to stay home.
Americans are quitting their jobs because you have management that think they're holier than thou and treat their coworkers like s*** I've been in three different games in 6 months and been sent home because of management and they're hiring drugs maybe they want me to get high with them I don't know but that's not happening and hire management don't give a s*** they coddle these managers that are high on drugs
People are killing themselves at record numbers too.
Capitalism is basically slavery that's why
Bc you make more money driving Uber and Lyft. And you get paid ASAP. Hello!
Left my full time job due to lack communication, leadership in management and favoritism. Now I'm working two part time jobs and I manage my work schedule and can decide on when I can take my day(s) off. I don't feel like some kind of robot, doing the same work, same daily routine.
As prices go up, pay has gone down. In the last 10-15 years a "good" income no longer pays for much. Since quality of life doesnt improve with good pay, time is substituted for happiness and freedom.
It will be so funny one day when all these poor people that do these jobs that are looked down upon with all these white elites have no one to make their burgers, no one to watch their kids, clean their houses. Tell the elite white class in all these cities, New York, San Francisco, Atlanta, your money is no good anymore will be hilarious, taking advantage of people and this stupid pyramid system favoring one group
It’s mainly because propagandist media outlet like yours and the authority collude to promote Socialist doctrines!   😷
Does anyone find it werid that 60 Minutes only interviewed the businesses and not any of the working class??🤔 And I'm not talking about the lovely lady who has 3 jobs working from home ( because not everyone can have it like that but good for her that she can) i would like to have heard from former employees that used to work for them!
What a great piece.  Work should be a balance of what the employer needs and what the employee needs.
It's ok... these illegal immigrants will take their place soon.
I quit my job of 8 years in July 2020. Didn’t really have a plan, got a small payout from my former company… i just thought, ok… i’ll make it work. And i did!!! Yay!  So true what they’re saying! Nooooo need to have to commute an hour each way, sit in traffic, be miserable …when you can work from home and actually make more money. I’m soooo thankful i quit. Even the worst days having my own company are insanely better than that commute and windowless office. Ha! Thanks universe!!!
Don’t worry the Mexicans are coming
Jobs stating they need workers but at the same time still being picky on who they hired.
THIS IS BASICS FROM DAS CAPITAL,AND MARXISM.WHEN PEOPLE AREN'T PAYED ON THEIR WORK PLACE,THEY LEAVE FROM UNPAYING JOB.SAME IS WITH FOREST AND DESERT,WHERE LIFE EXISTS,WHEN WATER FLOWS.
Was that Taylor Swift?
People will not work for a teff minn.sleep Joe get them out of the white house and u well see Americans go back to work
No because they found side gigs that are under the table.  Pushing out the small businesses that are on board and paying taxes.  The government created this mess, they need to fix it!
It's personal freedom to quit your job, but don't depend on the social security system. Live freely, but accept that freedom comes with responsibility.
America getting what it deserves after decades of treating people like crap
Where do you live. There ain’t squat here.
Umm vaccine mandates by Biden duh!!!
Because they are finding better paying jobs!
Best thing I ever did.  Live your own life
Don’t forget the large amount of people who quit or got fired for not complying with shot mandates
I would feel like a person if my director would at least say, “Good Morning” or acknowledge my presence in any form when we cross paths.  It makes me feel like a nobody when he doesn’t.
Why are they deciding not to work it is because the government is funding them money wise and leaving the poor to not have any help.
I left my job In November of 2021 because of a vaccine mandate.
All of this b******* is a distraction on what is really going on. Where are all the billionaires? What is the deal with telling us about being aliens. How come nobody is talking about all the volcanoes that are erupting simultaneously? Where is Bezos? Gates? Soros? Why does Billy boy want all of the farmland across america? Xrp? Is the dollar dead? Welcome to the New World Order people
Making Money On The Internet   Duh
The pandemic didn't shut down the economy.  The politicians did.   CBS do a better interview with more diverse people.
White American lol don’t want to work
Why not our leaders set the prime example of giving then taking it away about the time we reap the rewards look at it closely
Resign is different than quitting a job
Bulshit I had a Linkin for forever and still all I see is no jobs in CT
Most places that have hiring signage I applied multiple times and they aren't hiring . They. Just want the current associates know how replaceable they are. There are barely any jobs out here its a lie.  Most people died and still I can only get 20 hours and I have to work now in another city
I wish I was there. I would work very hard. We don't have jobs in our country. 87% of our citizens are unemployed.
I went from making 375,000 per year to over 900,000 per year after I quit my job.
You want some drama.Go to the Class 1 Railroads and see what a joke their work environment is like.
Good working.good salaries.the world needs work like for me is what am praying for to have a job as Graduate ICT Student with out no job.tain as labor.
Americans are frustrated with this new United States and terminating their employment is a way of protesting.  It’s a form of peaceful resistance a la Dr. King and Mahatma Gandhi.
The problem is the cost of living. Why does anyone want to work jobs where even if you worked 60 hours a week, you’re barely paying bills and don’t have anything to save.
Even in my small city I pay 50% or my monthly income on rent alone so if people were able to have a living wage where it’s not 40-50% of their monthly income going towards rent alone that might help, if I don’t work 70 hours a week I won’t be able to save absolutely anything in savings ontop of that to never have a social life or even sick days anymore it’s not worth staying, even if you get hurt at my job and have to go to the hospital you still get a point…why cause you left early the reason why doesn’t matter what matters is your costing the company money that’s all these companies care about
These must be people who have another source of income to rely on because most people who have to depend on themselves or take care of dependents on their wages alone can't afford to just up and walk out of a job.
In my opinion  News flash The ones choosing to work now. The higher ups  management should be real nice to those that choose to stay working. Why. 2 choses. You do it or you do it. Hmmmmm I've never seen a floor mop itself. Accountants Do you now see why the employee is the cheapest price to pay when running a business. A floor can't make you 10xs its salary. A no brainer.
The tables have turned. I'm not a work from home type person, but one thing I've learned during my time off due to the Pandemic is that no job is worth all the stress I was feeling for working for as#hol#  bosses who lacked professionalism and respect for their employees. To me it's just not worth it and no company is. And this is also the reason so many Americans are leaving and moving to not just to other states, but to other stress free countries.
Coming from the biggest leftist, Leslie Stahll
We're poke-shy.
Low wages for the job title No pension plans Disrespectful bosses.
The Americans isn’t quitting the  jobs, the jobs are cutting hours so it’s not feasible for them to work and a lot of jobs are not giving wages that fit our economy. So some of the “jobs” get lot$ of write off on taxes and get. loans for their businesses. The ppp loans may have stopped but the government is still greasing some business owners hands.
Forced Vax mandates? My body my choice ? 🦗🦗🦗
if me working for you will keep me poor and make you richer. I'll pass on working for you.  I'll provide the same service as the large corps for a fraction of the cost.
NO GOING BACK TO  OUTSIDE ...JUST REMOTE JOBS AT HOME.
I HAVE BEEN WORKING SINCE I WAS  17 YEARA OLD.. BUT QUIT MY JOB  43 YEARS OLD TO  WORK FOR MYSELF . WHICH AM STILL DOING.
NO FLIXABLILITY ON THE JOBS JUST DO AS BIG BOSS SAID OR EMPLOYEES GET FIRED. I NEED JOB THAT WILL WORK WITH ME ON FLIXABILITY...THREE DAYS OUT OF THE WEEK.
😄😄😄😄😄 IT'S  NOT THE GOVERNMENT  FUNDS MAKING PEOPLE  STAYING AND WORK.
Look at them ears. 4:00
Two words: social media
Obviously the American people are tired of paying their taxes to a government that treats them like the bad guy have Americans pay for overseas s*** third world country s*** why are we not first to our government our government is looking beyond America and that does nothing for Americans
Pay a living wage!!!! I live in California and the rent is $2.500 for a one bedroom. Can't make it on $15.00 per hour.when boss's are driving new Tesla's and you can't afford a Toyota.
Unfortunately a lot of us that worked for 35-40years will have to keep working after this next market collapse  We never solved the 2008 crisis, they kicked it down the road  But we will unfortunately not dodge this one .. oh well Jesus  You said it wouldn’t be easy ✝️
Lazy generation
The problem is most jobs are corporate ran. I’ve noticed that many corporations just don’t care about their workers. The spreadsheets and quarterly earnings are what matters. I remember getting manager of the year for one of my recent jobs before Covid and I left a few months after due to unrealistic work demands and CRT Race Training. Haven’t wanted to come back since
The vaccination drive is the main cause!!!!!
Maybe if companies stop being greedy an pay us more we will see
There's too much abuse in the workplace.......and because business owners care more for their money,they turn a very blind eye.  It's just gross
It’s important to notice the lowest paid industries doesn’t necessarily constitute  the verbiage “across the board.”  Those types of workers have to work on their feet dealing with the public on hourly pay.   The housing market has not been affordable for some time.  The relocating your mentioning seems like it’s the higher paying jobs, not the people quitting.  Also using rental rates in an inflated city like SF doesn’t speak for the average person.  It’s not a bad story, maybe just misleading.
Nobody wants to work under buffoon bidens cartel.its easier to be on unemployment and food stamps than working 40+hours a week.
The Serfs have checked out… The land owners are blind to the obvious, serfs don’t have owners
Ah, because they don't pay worth sh*t?
Big time employee problems, they are over working certain people.
can't afford gas  so have to find another job   when held away paycheck finally arrives late  on a Friday by a week or two    duh   no wonder China Russia and Ukraine laughs
Same reason I quit my job, I was doing the work of at least 2 people and got treated like I was noboby and when I asked off 3 months prior to going on a trip to Puerto Rico my husband had won at his company, I got reprimanded like I had asked for a 10,000 raise or something. It was terrible!
They are getting out of sin. Leaving corrupt churches, leaving bad relationships, praying individually at home.  Matthew 6:6 Isaiah 1:16-20
Omicron taking its toll ?  Is 60 minutes living on planet Earth ?  Honestly, fake news isn’t even adequate..
Remember debating my dad over this issue. He was like if they don't like it,they can go somewhere else then. I was like good thing you're not in business,you wouldn't last long.... There's this mentality from the past about how you treat people.... It's not working anymore.
I sell my skills. I don’t have employers, I have clients now. I worked for lawyers for decades. Made them rich. They billed my hours at $125 an hour but paid me very little. So, now I’m freelance, bill them high enough to make a decent living. They still can bill their clients for my time but I work on my own terms for what I’m worth. If you can, do this. Pay your own employment taxes, bill enough to have the life you want. Work as much as you want and cut your expenses by any means necessary. 5 years later and life is soooo much better. Even through the pandemic I made tons of money on my own terms. For small law firms, hiring me makes sense. It’s win-win. Look for the sales angle. Fill a need. The world has changed. Change with it.
I've worked since I was 13. I walked the day I turned 55. It was always the plan. Nobody ever gave me a dime. I kept telling everyone at work I was going to leave. No one believed me. I left everything at my desk. Got up and left. I'm now 62. Just started S.S. All those years I worked my way up the ladder. When I got there I realized there was just more work. Get out early if you can.
"Employees are in the driver's seat." What planet does she live on? My only choices would be to get a few dollars more an hour and give up all my benefits and still have a sh*t job. I get paid four dollars over minimum wage and can't pay rent, even when sharing with roommates. In the 90's I had a lower skill job for minimum wage but could easily live off it without roommates. My father's job required no more skill than mine but he was paid three times more.  Gen-Xers had already had "flexible hours" and learned it meant that after a year or so, you worked the hours that were flexible for the employer, not for you. I worked eight years at a job and never had a vacation of more than three days approved, and usually even one day off was declined, no matter what time of the year or what day of the week.
... because people know there TIME is infinitely more VALUABLE than the peanuts they are paying people.
Make work pay, a livable wage with benefits. Mcdonalds staff in the US are paid on average 20% less than those in Europe, but the US staff don't have health care, paid leave or as many rights as those in Europe. Its about time employers in the US pulled their heads out and start paying their staff and even paying more to cover benefits or give benefits. Enough is enough Amazon treats their staff like dirt and pays them even less with zero support and forget unions because amazon will not let them near the street let alone near the door
Answer Joe Bidets master Plan great job
Because of the mandates for the jab.
Not leaving my 65k/year job with health insurance + other benefits anytime. Should be getting a raise, let's hope for 2023
Aren’t parents made to feel guilty about going off to work?
After taxes thier is no paycheck. We basically work for free, so of that's the way your gunna treat us then f*** your taxes, I'm self employed off the grid..bye bye
I’d like to see 60 Minutes featuring Leslie do a segment on Hunter Biden’s laptop so she can correct herself and the record from the time she told Trump, “You know that’s not true”.  She knew the laptop story was true then.  She has no credibility.
It's getting harder for us to live is why. Prices continuously go up, but not paychecks. The good paying jobs they don't seem willing to train for. I guess the only ones that qualify are those with experience or a degree. Pay and benefits are a bigger issue anymore. Mostly pay. Notice how this all started during Trump's last year and has only gotten worse with every step Biden and his crew have made. It's a shame
When the pay has not increased in more than 30 years and everything seems to get pricey er eventually the middle class will get tired 🥱
That's funny, people leaving San Fransisco looking for work in the East. They wouldn't know what hard work is. Not unless is involved a surf board...
WE ALREADY KNOW THE ANSWER, THE GOVERNMENT AND STATES ARE PAYING THEM TO STAY HOME.
IF YOU OPEN YOUR JOB HIRING IN MY COUNTRY (PHILIPPINES) YOUR PROBLEM WILL BE SOLVE!
There aren't any managers who treat the employees well. The most important thing for a manager is to be Fair to all
Better pay, sign on bonuses where. All smoke and mirrors.
You didn't interview any men. How come? Good for these gals 👏 🙌 💕
When the Biden administration started printing money and giving the stuff away...is it any wonder that people realized that they were getting paid more by the government to stay home unemployed.  5-6 months later.. .the Biden administration refuses to accept that rampant hyper inflation and the very real prospect of a crash into a recession, has nothing to do with printing more money, closing down a pipeline, throwing billions more taxpayer dollars at another overseas war (within weeks of a disasterous exit from Afghanistan) has anything to do with the current administrations failed domestic and foreign policies.  Lots of blame being apportioned in every direction except the current occupants at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
I retired 3 years earlier than planned from my banking job and the ability to work from home.....Tired of over 16 years of bullying, disrespect, poor job communication, and age discrimination for certain positions...When I started feeling like my Soul Was Dying it was time to put myself first....
They al soon come back with there tails between there legs,when they have no money left!
NURSES ARE LEAVING BECAUSE WE’RE TREATED LIKE CRAP & OUR COMPENSATION IS CRAP TOO. NOT WORTH THE ANXIETY, STRESS, TEARS & TIME AWAY FROM FAMILY
Every time someone does one of these so called ( opp ed pieces) they always talk about construction and restaurant like that's the only thing anyone hires for
Some quit,some retire early, more than a million are  dead from covid.
Correct!! 20 years at the same company 3% of $1 yearly raise no performance bonus. 3% got slashed to 1% during recession in 2008 then back to 2% so after the recession they took away 1% from the original yearly raise. Now rising inflation, the ridiculous rise in cost of living. Then change in management now I have to deal with people who don’t know me and giving me attitude after spending my entire youth with the company yeah you’ll can just go Flipoff and I walked. I’m still walking as now I’m older and don’t really care much what society thinks of me or what their expectation is of me ✌🏾
Once you’ve traded your time for a paycheck.. you’ve already lost. America got ya.
we're tired of wasting our lives for no future benefits and no one is paying enough to be worth working it costs as much to work as we're making a lot of times were killing ourselves to make other people rich while we live to work for crumbs of the profits our labor creates
Because slavery was abolished, for some reason most employers don't seem to understand that! The dwindling middle class is being worked to death having to support EVERYONE, yet most cannot even afford to live themselves. The working people do not OWE anyone a free ride, and frankly they are sick and tired of providing it!
Congratulations on all those who quit their jobs due to low pay low respect you are worth a lot more than that. I am a contractor and was working at a marketres house when he ask me how much I charge his face dropped because he obviously thought I'd be cheaper than him and be payed less. He was wrong. You can live without a marketing plan but not so much with no roof on your house. My point is everyone deserves a decent days pay for a decent days work no matter what you do for a living.
Quit giving up so soon. You have to work all your life. Get a clue
It's always been a employer market. Never a employee market.
Live on the street and work. That's what I had to do
49% of US citizens rely on their employer for healthcare & it can often be subpar health insurance that’s only good for major emergencies. We have no universal childcare & it’s *very* expensive. *The US is the only wealthy nation in the world with NO guaranteed parental leave for having a baby.* New mothers & fathers often have to use all of their vacation & sick time & even then may only have a couple weeks off to care for their newborn (if they’re lucky). Its 2022 & minimum wage was last increased in *2009 to $7.25* & hasn’t increased since. Is it any wonder American workers are burnt out?
Well, can anyone blame them..???? Check the cycles of national and world calamities both man made and natural. Just issues for the past twenty years sincerely from 9/11. Count the trouble, conditions, situations from every level of income, but also look at the links to the spinoff problems of the big national to even smaller issues beyond personal control. Especially when it is taken from their hands,....there are answers, but if they don't feel they have any,.... how can anyone not feel empathy for the workers..?????
WAIT ..WAIT A MIN..THE TITLE OF THIS STORIE SHOULD BE ON ...BLACK AMERICA...NOT JUST AMERICA OK....THERE NO WHITE PEOPLE,MEXICAN,ASIA PEOPLE IN THIS STORIE OK...ENOUGH SAID.
They want people to take the vax for a job.
Bc of COVID
Black People are soo beautiful and brilliant!! Did I say BRILLIANT!!
I quit January 2022 ✌🏾
My company took 20% of our pay during the pandemic to supposedly keep everyone at work then this year they let us know the company profited 400 million this year and yet they mentioned nothing about pay increases. They also don’t understand why they can’t keep technicians at work. The problem is greed. These company’s could be helping their employers out with pay or gas or something during times like this. but instead they just stay greedy and talk about how they can’t find people to work. Just so one guy can make his extra million that year. On top of is 100 million
What would happen if the US social security goes bankrupt and if credit is not long affordable or achievable? Then what? Those numbers of unemployed or self-employed starters will be forced back to employment elsewhere which they now no longer desire? Stupid stupid stupid, in my opinion. I really hope the US economy is truly transparent in their GDP and money supply data. By the looks of it, the risks are very high and the stakes are very low.
I don’t believe American are just quitting there jobs. I believe they learned how to build there own business through social media.
Sixty minutes by bad bad info most people don't need to know this its like third grade understanding low wages bad comp. To week for very bad economy not enough good benefits from the co. ,Employers lying to employees about type of week high taxation with poor representation bad news poor eeporting
Would like to have a job but can't works crippled person with a cane they want people with two hands and legs social security not enough to get by.
Reason:? Forced vaccination
America dead and gone since 2020🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️
This was brought on by the elites. We did not ask for this, it was put upon us. Greed.
Most of the jobs you speak nobody can pay their rent on; no one wants to work 2 jobs and still not be able to pay their bills and save.  Pay more for a good employee $20 to 25.00 per hour is what will pay my bills not $15 an hour or less.
I quit because I was afraid I had to get the jab that I didn't want!
I think the education department is sick to death of the Trump ERA with all the loud mouths showing up at the schools and trying to rule and bully them as well as the healthcare system took a beating during Kobe and I think people burned out
There's no money or not enough money in those jobs and people are tired of working for nothing as well as covid-19 outbreak they were in contact with many germs and a lot of them have decided to do something totally different that's what I hear
Time to being willing and qualified work force from abroad. There are millions of educated people from out of USA who are willing to to move to USA now. Ease the work visa rules, bring people from overseas.
I work in the medical field and within 1 year I got 25cent raise 🤦‍♀️
Wtf we are not choosy we are simply not treated the way we are supposed to. We need a wage we can afford ourselves and respect  Ban bully from managers and it will be alright!!
Over worked and under paid for way tooo long!
Number 1 reason is you need to get The Vaxx shot  So people are like No Thanks I think this report is Full of Horse Poop.
60 minutes needs to do a follow up on healthcare. I’m a nurse with 30 years experience and the problems are numerous.
Employees always were in charge. They only learned that recently
These companies do not treat people right respect your employees and if your  brown  They keep their knee on your neck and don't let you expand or grow all they want you to do is hard labor
I caught covid and a small form of cancer. I got a pat on the back for 12 yrs of employment.  I didn't even get offered a free lunch. I only got offered two wks off for covid
Yeah, It is shift, people rather go homeless than work
This has long been over due. People resigning in record numbers is what makes America great. The people have spoken. Corporate America is so fueled by greed. If you can not pay your employees a livable wage, you shouldn't be in business at all. Shame on you. Your so greedy you pay the least amount possible and allowed by law knowing ful well that food stamps,  government housing will pick up the slack.all funded by tax payer money. Disgusting.
No Freedom in America .Shackled to a job just for health care .Went back to Europe after 20 years in construction working in different states.Wake up America there is no Freedom without National Health.Pay is also higher in Europe and Bosses are not Tyrants
My question is where did e everyone go? How are the making a living now ?
Because we can't afford to live with what's paid. I was an Apple Advisor before my campaign was canceled. Here in San Antonio, an average, basic, tiny studio apartment is about 1000 a month. Since the pandemic, income requirements are now 3x instead of 2x. This means you need to make $19 an hour JUST to qualify  as a single individual to have a place to live.  ($19hr×40hrs)4 weeks= $3,040 /month.  Most of us don't make $19 an hour. Minimum wage is right over $8, and gas is over $5 a gallon, even here in Texas. Not only are most of us unable to get jobs that pay that much, the everage job jou'll find will pay $10-13 an hour.   Keep in mind the average car payment is right over $500 /mo, average rent (in SA and New Bransfels area) is $1.6k /mo, Markets have massive product gaps. . . What is going on??
Yeah construction guy doubled his revenue but didn't provide benefits or double his pay or even pay hardly anybody on his crew any money and that's why nobody wants to work for him boo hoo hoo
People are sick of workplace violations and American unions are not working for their members anymore! That’s just a slice of the pie with these workplace times!
Being your own boss iz HARD,but the most rewarding period
I used to work at Domino's pizza, gave my 2 week notice in Nov 2019.  Always opt out of the arbitration when any company forces you to sign a form to not have a trial/ instead they have arbitrators that are corrupt like the government is corrupt. They steal their managers bonuses to make repairs and buy new equipment.  Joel had been there 7 years and went thru 34 GM's.  That means that assistant and managers in training numbers are much higher. In the hundreds. Domino's treat humans like crap just like the pizza they sell is crap.
It doesn't  pay the rent / the bills!!!
Fruitless System
I be so late to work I don’t even care anymore. I don’t gotta clock in to go to heaven
That’s so true opening statement is employer’s for sometime have abused of lower employees
I'm sorry. Don't know how I ended up here. I was keyword searching: "Pravda"....
I QUIT MY JOB WHEN THE US GOVERNMENT SAID I WAS MANDATORY AND THEY WERE A PROTECTED CLASS. NOW I'M SUING THE US GOVERNMENT FOR OVER 40 TRILLION DOLLARS.
One thing I wish I knew when I was a minor is that many jobs are not worth longing and dying for.
Man when the stimulus hit some people where making more sitting at home collecting a check then they would have working a 9-5 so many people trying to make a quick flip 💀 man everyone tried to become a plug with that money lmao but failed
No one likes working because no one pays a live-able wage.
In watching this, and reading a big sampling of the comments here, no one is getting at the real issue. People are talking about why they quit jobs, but this does not answer the question why is there a massive number of job openings. The real issue is that not everybody quitting a job is going back to work, or there wouldn't be this unprecedented need for workers. Are they leaving the country? Just dying off? No.  The answer, dismissed in this video, has to be in some significant part the government coddling of the unemployed. It's absolutely undeniable this is a major factor. Another would seem to have to be the explosion of homeless people, those who have taken to simply surviving off of other people's money exclusively. Perhaps others still living with enabling parents.   I thought 60 Minutes was highly regarded, but this was pathetic journalism that skirted around the issue, and only seemed to promote worker empowerment instead of getting to the issue of answering their own question.
Yeah hi my name is Georgia from Miami I'm 67 years old now when I was working for a company I was a problem solver for a little company and he was an inflatable boat company and I helped build it up and course I didn't expect to get money for it and I was making minimum wage driving cleaning up the place unloading the boats by hand and I just picked up a book and it's a reading how to him to rig the boats and put motors on them and stuff in the owner started figuring it out of course they didn't know how to send stuff out merchandise I was so bored I thought I was going to get laid off and a week so I ended up getting in touch with ups and having them come and pick up and deliver and all the stuff so another word I was their backbone but of course I only met minimum wage and it took me a long time twenty years I work for this company and I ended up getting like 17 something an hour I didn't complain eventually told me that the I could have been making 22 instead of $17 and something that our hey I thought well okay they need me long as they need me I'm fine with that I've always wanted to be wanted So eventually I got tired of it because they saw their company to another company and then to another company and it was like they don't need me so I go okay fine I didn't get to retire at 62 and they messed me up so I had to end up waiting till 63 to 64 I'm I owe money okay $15 an hour working at Burger King or whatever how much in the real world do you need to survive about 20 to $25 an hour no one is going to pay you $25 an hour to flip burgers and look like an idiot nothing you very much so people don't have to think about it people don't want to work so if that works got to go somewhere and it goes straight to China so if you want to put up with that buying Chinese stuff that's fine with me but I've tried to buy things made in America even if it cost a dollar more at least I know the quality is there it's not garbage that's going to break down in a week it may last a little longer now they do the same garbage as they do in China then it it's their management and I definitely if I had my own business I wouldn't hire somebody who just got out of school and they took business management because they don't know nothing how to run a business or do anyting They're Taking Chances I would hire someone that's worked hard hard and know what they're doing so that's it I can keep going on and on and I quit so see you later and bye
WORKPLACES ARE PRACTICING BAD RULINGS & MANDATES ESPECIALLY WIT DIS VACCINE & CARIN ON BUT ITS TOO MANY LAZY AMERICANS 2 THO
Cause life sucks, covid, climate change, racism, this life sucks
I’ve been applying for jobs so many with no hiring so this isn’t true!  I worked at 1 of the worlds biggest grocery chain at $11.35 as the 18 to 25 yr olds were hired with a $4 increase.  There’s not hiring in all area’s especially in Pennsylvania!
Fake News
Tj maxx in Georgia is Hiring but still cutting hours 🤥 an I have bills to pay an kids to take care of they hired 19 me ppl but 15 quit because they cutting hours like make it make Scenes I’m thinking about going back on Food STamps
Why didnt they interview workers?
20.00 an hour = 10.00 after taxes 10x8 = 80.00 80.00x 5 = 400.00 x4 = 16.00 and the rents 2000.00 your short 400.00 on rent ? No money for phone car gas tolls  food  cloths no savings stuck in traffic who needs it. 00
Oops the market just crashed.  Let’s do a story on the unemployed can’t find fobs.
I think we want quality of life, living to work doesn’t work anymore. 40 hours a week is too much, and the employers always want the employee to do the work of 2-3 people.
The Government paying them $3,000 a month just to stay home.
Some employer hire too many people, they have have too many meeting to look busy. Unproductive asking for promotion and getting. To hide their incompetence they like have meeting. Especially Indian Korean and Vietnamese panini origin. Bank of Americans is worst cas of that. The indians at BOA have brain trust to blackmail to get position in higher where they don’t have produce but grow Indian population in hipoaition.
Because they don’t need to work anymore to survive….I can’t tell you how many able bodied people are on section 8….people getting food subsidies are at an all time high, health care for low income folks and an attitude like they do t need to put in work at the bottom to get to the top….everyone wants to be the boss but don’t want to put in the work
Management is worthless.  In 35 years of working I've had 1 good boss and 1 ok boss, the rest were absolute trash.
The people they are interviewing, know little about the 99%.
Give us One job and and Pay us well and stop pulling us from department to department doing the work of 3 people
It basically sending a message that employees called the shot’s
4:04 I see black black black and you don't know what the problem is? What a disgrace!!! 💩 I'm done here.
This is not America anymore.
its a lack of ambition problem
They’re making it easier for me to make money.
of course people in america are burnt out...low pay, high demand, not enough paid time off...and also "workers are being choosy"?..that is not true..companies are demanding high standards, the companies are the ones being choosy...
I hate linkin
Let's be real, jobs added more responsibilities, even things that do not come with the job to save getting a contractor and they do not want to pay and ontop of that it is an 8hr job, cut in half, you only work 4 hrs, small pay too much to do now. We have the right to stand up and decline.
That's great, what are these deadbeats living on??
Africa needs this jobs to fend for there family
Go to work so you can buy a car to go to work 😜
Cuz a job ain’t nothing but work 😂 #JustOverBroke
Jobs that took advantage of their employees.  Jobs that have had high turnovers for years due to their low wages and poor benefits.  Seniors just says, forget it.  The attitudes of employees has gotten tired of employer's acting like they are doing them a favor with their unlivable wages.  Controlling their time with family and children more important to many women, today.   Home jobs more appealing.
Blame it on the supervisors Manager's who defend rude perfectionist coworker's who get away with physically verbally abuse other coworkers every day people are tired of being abused
I'M A PERSON WHO IS WORKING THE SERVICE INDUSTRY I'VE ALSO WORKED FOR BIG BUSINESS ONE OF THE REASONS WHY PEOPLE ARE TELLING BUSINESSES F YOU! IT'S BECAUSE PEOPLE ARE TIRED OF BEING TREATED LIKE SLAVES CUT YOUR HAIR PEE IN A COP BLAH BLAH BLAH THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE NOT NECESSARILY RIGHT ON THIS ONE BUT ON THE OTHER HAND AND IT CALLED THE DICHOTOMY QUIT TREATING PEOPLE LIKE CRAP I'VE BEEN HERE 5 YEARS MY FIRST TIME I DON'T KNOW YOU'RE FIRED YOU'RE FIRED CULTURE THAT'S WHAT IT IS BEAM ME UP SCOTTY
To those who are scamming, squatting peoples' houses, stealing, robbing, having a lot of kids, or demanding government handouts and getting rid of college debt... work! I'm 18 and worked my way up to Starbucks manager making $19.15 in N. Dakota, but some gets deducted because of Social Security which is unfair because there are a lot of people faking their disabilities like some of the people in My 600 Pound Life, and I'm hoping to one day take over Starbucks HQ and its 16K US locations and pay a minimum wage of $25 to all of the baristas because I was one too but it likely won't happen until I'm in my 50s. You don't see me as the next Angel Brown (search her name here) who has 17 children and demanded money from the government, living in someone else's house, breaking store windows in broad daylight to steal jewelry, assaulting and robbing the innocent, or demanding free money.
Hahaha even before she did start speaking,  I  know she is somehow the typical Texas, had Slaves type of American. And she really did proof that to be true just with her 1st Sentences.
Freaking idiot said she had a hard time balancing marriage, motherhood, and a career. Yea that's like saying I'm having a hard time balancing video games, hanging out with friends, and my homework.
This is what happens when the cost to live out paces pay, People give up  for to long now the government has rigged the system and made everything more expensive. Imagine the house your grandparents lived in now imagine how much a house that size would cost you today. This is exactly why uncontrolled capitalism fails. The American people are getting tired of a work treadmill  that keep getting stacked further and further in the corps and banks favor  equaling less pay and lower standard of living expect for the 1-3% most wealthy among us.
Won't get better until these negating negative energies at home. Look at the symptoms of health attacks. Viruses is the least the authorities should be concerned with. Prince of the power of air is not called that for naught. Who will listen???
Microwave
I see my black sisters getting all the jobs. one of them has 4 jobs. That's what's up.. Systemic racism? HUH
cause everything is rising in prices, except labour cost...
He’s a wonderful boss ..
Biden is trying to crash  our economy on purpose for more control.
I can explain something you will never say BIDEN PRINT MANY MANY CHECKS
Maybe because they cannot afford gas to get there? Tough spot to be in unfortunately. I think over the next few months is gas prices go up more people are going to quit because I simply cannot afford to get themselves to work
The days of “shut up and do your job” are over. Employers that can adapt to the new landscape will thrive while the old heads will be left behind.
No one wants to work for low pay . Time the employers pay up and the share holders.
I’m not doing 3 peoples jobs for the pay of one Find another Sucker I’m outta here Later
All of you people walking away from your jobs are complete losers. Just because you don't have the lifestyle you want, you quit your job and try to find something better? Maybe the problem isn't your job. Maybe the problem is you making s***** financial decisions in buying stuff you thought would make you happy but you actually didn't end up needing. Maybe your problem is that you have too many God damn kids or an overpriced mortgage.. the problem is not your job paying you enough money, the problem is you being unenlightened and thinking materialistic things will make you happy. And now you have a sense of entitlement as to trying to get places to pay you more so that you can buy more things that you think will make you happy just so you can keep up with the Joneses? You should all be a f****** shame of yourself.
Many are getting into the Stay at Home Economy including Global Networking  which help the ordinary but wise man or woman cushion inflation. It is helping me cushion the effects of the pandemic. Check my this one out: https://myopulence.com/rosiefelix/opportunity.html
Everybody needs to own a business, if even only for 90 days to see how the other half lives. I ran a business for 30 plus years,  I'm sort of retired now & I don't miss dealing with the public or employees.
one major change in all of this is that information about how to do something else is easily available online..you dont have to go to a university or college and study some something along with 10 other subjects like history or economics that most people arent interested in..they also have easy access to cheap equipment like cnc machines..and the west is leaning towards providing more and more nichy products..you can make and sell a very specific product to a very specific clientelle..it is a time of mass manufacturing of specific products on a micro scale..get your cnc..make a webpage..and start selling at retail prices using amazon or some other distributor..the access to design software is also democratizing the development of products that would take hundreds of thousands of dollars in a large corporation to develop and market..and people are doing it for their time..which they seem to have plenty of these days..and especially during the quarantines..
Lol check out this bs propaganda. 60 mins is either completely oblivious, or obviously nefarious.
Start hiring felons it will help lower crime rate
Eventually the workers will have to pay for their life and work will have to creep back into  life.  #reality.
Don’t worry HELP is coming from Central America!
Millennium women are staying home with their kids.
Work isn’t matching the pay anymore
Pay better
Wctc'" working class tax contributors, retired class tax contributors, used to provide towards programs that support counter dwellers that receive more than wctc'"s, and-or retired wctc"s combined.
People most certainly are not being offered better pay or better anything in the job market today. Boomers are too old to work, Gen X don't have any updated skill set, Millennials are BURNT OUT and Gen Z don't have the patience or work ethic to work a 9 to 5. Running your own business and partnering are the best options.
The title should be “Why are AFRICAN Americans...?” The reporter only interviewed other blacks. Unless the restaurant owner in the blue shirt was white or Hispanic. Are blacks the only members of the workforce?
#AMEN
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
We need $28.00 in CA for minimum wage. No? Ok FU.
I never got the stimulus check from trump or biden.  $2,000. So the lie of stimulus keeping people home. $2,000  how far would that get you???
I see the USA falling apart due to the current administration. So who cares if I have a job or not? Uncle Joe will just send another stimulus check and make things ok again!
It's simple, people won't accept low, unlivable pay and poor work environment.
About time quit with pleasure
American Indians -- don't use: HIRE signs? Dumb as idiots... You claimed, and be, Americans? Under: Loaned Land Act. You don't act, as a-- renter type? That means: Judgement comes.. Colleges: ever since; the Korean war -- taught non medical, as medical.
This country needs a lot of prayer.
United States workers are hurting themselves by not working and not giving a fair wage to their employees.   All it will do is back fire and immigration will go higher in numbers and employers will hire them in order to keep their profits up and morals down.
We don't need the news to tell us why under their lens of propaganda and bs bias... why we have to work when the government kept printing money and gave us for free.
It's not worth it. You break your back for the people the employers Get no respect you get no raise you get no bonus....... It's not worth it...
How many of these resignations are people that refused the mandatory vaccines. Surely that would be a percentage that is been overlooked.
The whole system looks like its heading to a complete fail... best to get ahead as individuals before it happens, then life chances are better. I did, best to put a mental fork in the US systems of millions of failures that look to get worse by the second..
Many of these Americans will likely be getting for a job soon. What’s coming looks really ugly and a lot of layoffs will probably happen. Many who left their state to work remote are being asked to come back and some will lose their jobs  What we have seen over the last 2 years was one of the weirdest times in the history of this country. Too much free aid and too many protections led the country to a major imbalance  Now it looks like we have to crash and burn to reset properly
Slaves wages is not enough
Lazy rotten work ethics.
Gives more pay and tax the rich class lower the cost thing better life for all of us 🙂
They don't pay crap
Someone from 60 minutes read these comments. I didn't have to go to far and I have read the experiences of others that were similar to mine.
Unfortunately employers and management often treat people like trash that they can abuse... I only know what I have dealt with, but I am still at my place of employment but I definitely want a break from everything. I am exhausted and feel overwhelmed.
4oo$ more we have to spend  on necessities and food and 4-500$ for gas just to go to work a month Humm not worth going to work when you have to spend more then we make the White House is divided not United this is the divided state of America
No they are not hiring , or if they are it is at an insulting wage.
Its not 60 minuets its 13.24
A 'Piece of Mind" goes a long way!
These  employers are paid by fed government to post jobs and advertising hiring but none of them are hiring. That's been like this  4 years Human Resource Department responsible for hiring refuse to respond to potential applicants .
Because the world is dying and this pandemic pay they want to pay people is insane. They expect to pay grown adults with grown adult bills with families like they’re in high school.
maybe employees have finally had enough of the Communist style employer, think about it people they're worried about what's on your Facebook more than if you can do the job or not
White flght
Not all quits
They are opening the borders to fill these jobs .
our supreme court threw the workers in usa in the garbage can years ago........
I retired early as a correctional officer in Alabama about 6 years ago because all of a sudden it seems like there were no right answers anymore.
👽🇺🇲😍🤗🤗😉🥳😚🤩😙😙🥰😆😆🤭🤭😊😏😜🇺🇲
The government waste our tax dollars on massive Department of Defense budget. They have shifted responsibilities to employers. We are not getting much for our tax dollars.
Cost to much to work
Need lower taves
If you do not work, you do not eat period!!
Then tell me if people do not work, then who is going to support them! It is terrible when people do not work!
I worked retail up until 4 weeks ago where I handed in my two weeks. This last 6 months just did me in. Working constant shifts that fluctuated, never advancing but it being promised, doing the work of 3 people but only being one person.   Found a different job at a factory for higher pay. Stayed at the old job to make sure I wouldn't be making a bad choice, but when I came back in for those  4 or 5 hour shifts on Saturdays, manager was scheduling staff overtime even though most of the staff there didn't want overtime. One of the ladies there had been scheduled a 56 hour work week and she is 61. That's just not right. And most of the employees complained of being scheduled on days when they already had previous engagements.  That particular store is going to lose 7 more cashiers in August because they're all kids ranging from 16-19, going back to college.   And God help them when the rest of that staff retire because 80% of the staff at that store are in their late 50's and 60's and are only there for the pension.   No one wants to work for a company that doesn't see a human being but only a robot that doesn't deserve time off or a pay raise.
I Am NOT WORKING, BECAUSE of the Higher Prices!   Who wants to work hard, just to be robbed at the Pump, Store, and everything else? Who are we working for then?  The MISANTHROPIC DEMOCRATS? I don't think so....
Must be nice to just quit your job & rely on your spouse
They’re all tik Tok influencers now
These places are doubling there revenue and none of it goes to the employee it's the employee that makes it happen
Wife (2 + yr) and I (18+ yr) quit our (same employer) jobs in June 2021. Employers were bad people and I did not want to keep making them money anymore.
Everyone wants to make more money but they are not willing to learn something to make more money. Why does a McDonald's worker should get paid the same as someone that actually studied something to work at a hospital? We have a government handing out money to lazy people so the don't need to work.
As a semi truck shop owner we’re paying $45/hr and can’t get help.
if that construction guy wants to hire me i am down if i can further my education pay for relocation count me in! seriously message if u know this guy
Because we are in the age of Aquarius!
People don't want to help millionaires get richer and get nothing for it.... Covid-19 put life in perspective.
Pay shortages part time jobs gas 6$ a gallon
I am fortunate to have a decent paying job at a stable company.  Meanwhile, a headhunter kept cold-contacting me over a few months. I finally called to stop the emails.  Turned out the position involved longer hours, a longer commute and lower pay at an unstable company. Said I was not interested.
Americans are waking up.  The pre-Covid tiny house movement was one of the first indications that workers are fed up with debt and working to basically just survive.  We're willing to live with much less and be debt free and happy rather than put up with supervisors who typically have horrible management skills  Also, technology has made it where it is common and normal to receive emails and texts constantly after hours so many are expected to "softly" continue working even after they're techincally off of the clock.   Even while vacationing people are expected to be work bound---checking emails, taking phone calls, and even zooming in to "important" meetings--- and most employees are simply tired of it.  In addition,  most people don't like the idea of having a manager or company having so much control over their lives.  The idea of someone being able to dictate so much of your time and terminate you on a  whim while having little or no protection as an employee is daunting.  Most want to live their lives and be free of the politics.  Life is too short and making money for the sake of making it is a thing of the past.  People want to do what they love and they want to have meaningful experiences and that includes while they're at work.  The great resignation is also the great downsize....less is more!
Bc inflation is stealing any money we make right before our eyes. Not working for free!
This is global!.. not just USA,it is globalist corporate control of workplace policies, it's called total control of workplace!.. All due to w e.f..these people are making workplace disillusionment!
Because they are hiring part-time only and the prices of housing and gas and food nobody can afford to work part time jobs and run from job to job can't afford gas from one job to next.
"We've gone from working in the FIELD to working in the HOUSE"................Nuff said.
Working at a job is slavery. Life is too short to be working all the time . Working keeps the company and CEOs waxed rich while the worker is kept poor.
60 minutes should read these comments, also I suspect that vax shot requirement caused some ppl to leave their jobs
Companies take a good poop 💩 on their employees pay 💰 them just enough to scrape by and fire 🔥 them just to get a new one that will take less and abuse them more no respect.
Who's paying for people to not work?
It's mandates  🤷‍♂️ people are moving to repub districts, to escape tyrannical rule. Great spin piece tho 👏🏾
What does our country do they open up the borders they start making the sanctuary country 1 million people a year isn’t enough they wanna flood our country when we’re buying for water now economy is tanking but we still want to bring people here and let them in that’s right we’re slowly killing our own country you can’t get a job here nowadays if you don’t speak Spanish is that not a hoot
More than half of employers require you to be jabbed up. Even when the "science" says it's not a vaccine, if you can still catch it and pass it to others!
People also quick because of the mandat vaccin
Empty shelves and kitchens will be the game changer. What will everyone on government benefits do when the cash runs out?
They like me left high tax states
The needed workers were all aborted 30 years ago
Because employers only want to pay minimum wage , there’s no better pay in California I will tell you that much, especially big corporations like Walmart, target, etc they pay crap
every machine used to replace a human worker.. should be taxed and that money go into a universal income pot.. to be shared by everyone.
after cost of car.. fuel  and other work related expenses and govt stealing your less than a living wage (taxes).. you find your working for free.. i'd quit too.
My former employer used to force us in the office during "state of emergency" storms. Even gave us little stickers to put on our badges saying we were essential workers in case we got pulled over. I was a telecom salesman that cold called all day. By no means essential. We would get fined if we were a minute late and it was frowned upon to leave at 5:00. They lost 40% of their staff in the past year. Company's need to respect their employees and understand that peace, happiness and flexibility is the way of the world now. I wouldn't go back to an office environment if I got an offer for double my salary.
quitting? you mean leaving because of mandatory jabs? yeah nice propaganda
Were always hiring because customers don't know how to be respectful to emploees there quiting.
Its also the same in the Philippines. Perhaps generally regardless of economic status the pandenic taught a lesson that anyone doesn't need to earn across the board in order to survive. People realized to live a simple yet a relaxed life afterall money is not everything!
The problem it’s how difficult the employer makes it for a person to get hire, like u have to be in a union or so many backgrounds and credit reports to get hire , make it easier and appreciate your employees and you’ll have work force
Boomer here, it isn't cost effective to work part time, I have been alive when people weren't so entitled. I can't handle people anymore.
The migrant caravan will fix this, everyone can't be the king you still need workers. Americans have become lazy and take everything for granted, no wonder we are getting our buts kicked in on the world stage. We have become whimpy.
Too many peoples are lazy
I retired early because after 35 years of experience I had to fight for efficiency. Anywhere from the company fighting me on  tool design, increase up time, holding people accountable for producing non comforming parts to housekeeping in which the company was so  afraid to deal with; write ups etc.. You could no longer tell jokes because it may offend someone; they monitored FB and did call in people for what they had posted. It has changed so much I couldn't deal with it. Retired 3-1/2 years earlier than planned because of this nonsense. Now 9 months later they're calling me. I won't go back.
It’s an ungrateful and unappreciated and not being value when someone is helping someone company or business
Job just over broke
Don't wanna pay nothing people tired living check to check being broke and working that's Old news
My generation (I'm in my fifties) were taught to work hard til you drop. But we chose to raise our children different and to stand up for themselves.  Those in 20's and 30's dont tolerate disrespect and abuse by owners/managers. These generation demand flexibility and better pay to be able to survive.  Also, in my generation,  we would not consider going back home. Yet our kids do. This allows then the ability to not work due to need but because they desire those jobs. Everything is changing.
Wellcome to eastern europe. Plenty of jobs but no one is going to work because wages are bellow powerty :D So people learn to somehow get by, someone play poker, some brings cars for resale,some scavenging, some live on wellfare and do some off taxed jobs. Strange that those activities just came to USA when they are normal in young capitalist countries.
They maybe tired of office politics, being a number, no future and low or no raises.
Why aren’t we hearing from those who quit working, why, and where do they get money to live?
why dont the ever discuss the pay? $$$$
Not getting paid enough.
We should be just thankful we have jobs? Employers should be thankful they have people to do their work. Apparently they weren’t so this is what they get.
And now we’re learning that the artificial government-directed shutdowns actually did little to nothing to ‘save’ people.  My wife quit teaching in May 2020. We reduced our standard of living and live off my income while she’s a stay at home mom. Now with public schools seemingly going socially insane, she’s in no hurry to go back to work
Ever worked in retail or industry? It’s NOT the job IT’S the people you work with, work 2nd or 3rd shift and people are more laid back
They get tired  of being unappreciated and bullhited and underpaid
Because jobs don’t pay, LinkedIn is just corporate astrology, and inflation is skyrocketing. The same reasons we don’t want to start families. It is an unattainable goal to live the life our parents lived.
Who finished college and going to work for $16 an hour
I'd say they'll quit because they found out what they'll get on Social Security after all those years of working my mother worked her entire life sometimes two jobs when she became ill they gave her a measly $500 a month after sending her letter saying she could get up to $2,000 a month and people found this out and quit their jobs and start working under the table so they get to keep that money which is far more than they would ever get drawing from Social Security The Jig Is up the people I've gotten wise and the government's inaction to help those in need as further push this point why pay taxes into a government if they're just going to pass it out to foreign countries and allow Americans to suffer people quitting their job supposed to keep the government from collecting tax money
They not paying good that’s the reason
When you can leave the work force and get low income housing and a food card and not be gas lighted or manipulated to accomplish an unachievable task, why wouldn't they! Rent is on the rise and wages are not! The minimum wage for one person to live independently should be 30 dollars an hour. Considering inflation!
Another reason is that the employer is lacking experience in there own business and experienced employees can sniff that in a second!
The pandemic may have shut the economy down, But now what is the reason?
WAnt better pay and benefits?  How about "NEED" better pay and benefits!
Are there any "GREEDY" people out there who care about no one but themselves?
Very high living expenses including GAS prices are making it not worthwhile to go to work.
We are tired of the BS enough is enough
I saw a job posting the other day wanting 10 years of experience for just 50k a year. Like really? Wow.
Too many chiefs and not enough Indians
Because we NOW KNOW that working to just pay bills is a scam!!!!!the American dream is a farce!
Talk a lot firstpaycheck says it all.
Well govt is giving and between state pay fed pay making more staying home
How does she still have a job after her interview with Trump. She treated our President shamefully
People are fleeing states with Orwellian Covid mandates, cooperations who believe they own peoples body’s forcing them to get multiple experimental medical procedures, and all this just to be able make a living to be able feed their family. Very sickening I’m glad see people push back on cooperations who could careless about individuals and replace them second they can’t be beneficial to their company.
This is why the border is WIDE OPEN
Because of stupid vaccines mediated
People quit because some employers don’t let their employees work in a way that is more mentally healthy for them
Maybe if we had livable wages, not long hours, paid time off, and much more then we would stay but politics, CEOs, and bosses is out of reality
I will never work in an office again!! Love working at home and my health is so much better! I get more done and even work sees it. Commuting SUCKS!
Biden must go!
I am so very happy for US. citizens enough of abuse from employers ‼️‼️🌹❤️
Fake
Daycare is too much money, so the parents of young children are not returning.  I think the pandemic caused some to think twice about jumping back on the merry- go- round.
The Vaccine Mandates I’m sure has a lot to do with it.
Pay your employees more and shorten the work week. People are tired of being used like slaves for peanuts on the dollar. People are sick of being overworked
Because they can't afford the gas.
What are the statistics on law enforcement?
mosly the illegal people quit working lol 🤣🤣🤣
slavery been over for yrs wake up multiple million dollar companys guess what we r not your slaves lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I think the answer is why work when you can get Welfare
Always worked remotely lots of flexibility as a recruiter
I like it glad to see Americans worked taking charge
What a  racist show
No work, no taxes, no taxes, no IRS!
No work, no taxes, no taxes, no IRS!
No work, no taxes, no taxes, no IRS!
The pay needs to go up..every thing has gone up from food,gas,bills it's not worth going to work to barely get by...these greedy companies need to offer more money. .instead of buying a yacht in every country they should offer more money and benefits to their employees.
some were making more money by staying at home, working online. some small business can't sustain people if the minimum wage is too high, cant compete with big corporations anymore, inflation, high gas prices, the reasons are endless
If a man SHALL NOT work he SHALL NOT eat 1st Thessalonians 3:10.  Are you creating the welfare state
Thought my degree and military experience would pay off but couldn’t have been more wrong. I made a killing living off of the government. It’d be stupid to not take advantage of idiots handing out loads of cash.
No respect or sensitivity to employees we are just a number and people are sick of it owners r getting richer richer and worker getting poor more and more every day hard hard make ends meet
I can work for myself!!!!
Kids out of school bc of the pandemic= moms having to be home to care for them. Where are all these jobs? I’ve been applying to remote jobs and most jobs I’ve applied for have 2000-4500 applications for one job!!!! On indeed. My work contract is ending due to covid on the 10th of June. I have a decent resume and work in the medical field. Everyone wants a remote job clearly. I need a remote job because I’m a single mom of two boys with little help.
😆 🤣 😂  morn lock downs !!!!!!!
their mom and dad are  given  them money
boomer day are done.. 40 hr work weeks with benifets and a pay that sustains life will return after the bommers die.. greed .  when life returns like the boomers inherited before greed exployt.. life will return as normal..untill than..boomers can run it themselves.. we will be fine from our shared homes on our laptops till boomers get outta the way.
Stop giving people money to stay home.  You get hungry enough and you’ll go to work
I Rather be Independent and not working for someone else
They're moving to Miami?  That's not an affordable place to live.
In the drivers seat....... going right off the cliff. Bahahaha@!@!
Americans are exercising their options. Years of unreliable corporations with bad management & wage stagnation triggered by the pandemic & fueled by necessity (of rising prices).  Internal politics, woke corp. philosophy, & crappy treatment on low pay. People are now refusing to accept this as normal. No guarantee of a decent retirement (401K has become unreliable/manipulated as well), shoddy medical benefits-at least the companies of yesteryear paid for medical 100%...The benefits were benefits - not provided services that workers paid for.  My company was STARTING people at the same wage I was making (after 20+ years). No respect while doing a job meant for 3 people, but the new hires making the same money get 1 job. No Mas...No more regular 60 hr weeks, almost no holidays or weekends, and pay increases 2% - 8% BELOW inflation or cost of living. Well, they wanted WOKE employees....we woke up.
Because Democrats are lazy and entitled #@&%@!!
Who else tried going out to eat but were turned away because they didn't have anyone working
The pandemic gave people time to think about their lives. The great reset👍🏾
It's funny these people never mention people quit over being forced by jobs to put something into their bodies
Black 60 minutes anchor chooses to mostly interview black people? Fit the stereotype.
A lot of whining in these comments. All from people who do t want to better themselves, just want more money.
Because everyone is entitled because you, the media told them to be. They will change their tune when they can’t pay for their roof over their head or food.
Stop underpaying ppl!
This is probably cyclical, it can't last. Sure take a breath, smell some roses now get back to work. America is the classic capitalist country/economy. We are a consumer culture, we are programmed to want stuff, lots of big, shiny things! Work (earn) or die!
It’s a repeat retail job Or warehouse jobs what not a non-American illegal will take it this country makes it so easy for people to enter it in to get fake paperwork it’s so ridiculous
Well I’m not gonna let 20 million into this country all illegal nobody Getting or doing background checks so we don’t know who’s in this country the cartel Mexico is taking over drugs run ramp it people dying and we just let people and giving away free money under a country is going down in flames legalize marijuana was probably the biggest mistake
In California you gotta speak Spanish I should know try to get a job and they want to be bilingual I speak Spanish whatever happened to English
why should they have to work, when they can take advantage of a hand out. Bottom line
To many old rules are still in place and people are burned out from getting no where. There are still places paying 8 dollars a hour lol I'm poor in that's funny to me.
*_Why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs in record numbers?_* Because Democrats will pay you NOT to work.
Its really simple.... terrible management who probably disrespect their workers almost %100 of the time and HR (human resources) put pressure on companies, low pay, employees getting mad at customers because they are annoying them, lack of training, lies or information not told to you, better opportunities elsewhere, fast pace jobs are awful and employees are doing everything they can to work their position but management will find reasons to yell at you or even get you fired. I swear companies need to ease off on their workers because people need to work for a living a complaining isn't gonna help its gonna make things worse!
It's time to evolve a better way to live. People as a whole are too selfish to work together. Greed will always hold us back as a species.
Too much work not enough pay. There is no shortage of workers. Just a shortage in pay
The whole, can’t find workers cry from companies is BS… I have a number of friends looking for work with solid resumes and have struggled to catch on… companies are using this excuse to keep head count down and pushing current workers to double output… or provide les customer service..  my son works at a well known retailer and has been asking for more hours but they won’t give him more because they don’t want him getting “full time” status because they’ll have to increase his benefits…
Because America has collapsed and the dollar is doo doo
This is proof that the free market system hasn't totally died in spite of the monopoly/oligarchy problem we have right now.  The whole point of a free market is that employers and employees are supposed to negotiate an arrangement that works for both of them.  If either the employer or the employee doesn't feel like the arrangement is a good deal, they are supposed to be allowed to walk away.  There are times when employers will have the power, and there are times when employees have the power.  When employers have the power, the smart ones remember that they won't always have the power, and they go out of their way to treat their good employees right and win their loyalty.  And when employees have the power, they remember that they won't always have the power, and when they find a good employer they will still show that they have a work ethic and will be reasonable with what they demand in order to win the loyalty of their employer.  Employers remember how employees acted when they had the power, and employees remember how employers acted when they had the power.  If employers are ever having trouble recruiting employees they should take that as indicator that they are not treating their employees right.  Look in the mirror.  Remember that your employees are important and provide value.  If you can't afford an employee for a position, then maybe you have to find a way to do the job without that employee.  And if you can find an employee that can work for what you can afford to pay, remember that pay is not the only thing employees care about.  Treat your employees with dignity and respect.  Think outside the box and consider offering flexible hours and opportunities to work from home if the job can be done that way.  Do what you need to do to earn your employee's loyalty and even in economies like this you will likely not struggle to find employees.  If you don't treat your employees with respect, then you deserve to not be able to find an employee.
Can’t help but feel the rise in reality TV shows is making millions of people thinking they can just be famous and live a fantasy life by just queuing up for an audition.  They’ve seen “regular” people like themselves almost be instantly transported into that fantasy life (even if it’s not all it seems).  How many people want a “real job” anymore?
Retail yep…can’t believe I’ve managed 22 years at it.
Yes I agree the pandemic made people realize that spending time with your children, husband and families is very important
If I am white can I say I identify as black or lgbtqia
Leslie needs 👍
If they paid what people deserve they would fill those positions but there holding out for cheaper labor and that’s why they support open borders can’t let Americans get a head up on the ruling class
NO IT JOBs  for 50 YEAR OLD PC TECHS
Exactly why I quit my last job. Im not going to be disrespected, abusive and over worked on top the stress they put you through over a job with no benefits and 15 hr pay that does not cover the housing cost nor the bills. While right now I can job hop and find me a job where I can be happy in with so many hiring.
Now days everyone want to be a TikToker
Most workers have moved on to other ways of generating income that is more suitable and friendly to themselves!
The Bottom line is that some of you bosses out there are f--g EVIL thats why you are losing most your staff.
it's not worth it anymore. the dream is a lie. the dream was for baby boomers
I love entrepreneurship, but one thing,  U can quit a job  all u want but if you are a bad employee/team member u will be a bad entrepreneur 95% of the time.  Remote iss good but real human interaction is important and get out the house... sometime. Some people did need a break and some of these employers needed to step there game up..but IMA always take pride in my American blue collar work ethic😤  Small businesses makes America Great.
All the south of the border workers got ran out dish washers and all the jobs nobody wants
give all these jobs to the immigrants coming over the border
It doesnt take a rocket scientist to realize that employment is the extinct species in business. That America is built on business ownership and solopreneurship.  Too many people have been too content to live their lives like children to see it...and if you say you havent...well who told u to get up at 0700am to get ready to go to work at 0800...why cant u just be ready to sell goods and services at 0800...u know why? U aint ever been a man or a woman.  Yeah employment is the extinct species. The college and career promise has been dead since the yr2000. Its in running your business that professions start to be something.  They can cry all they want and the media can whine all they want. Not my problem. Im gonna follow the american trend of business. You do what u kids want. But i hope that actually puts some truth out for once
young people want to start out at 100,000 a year. Sorry but it doesnt work that way one has to work their way up
Some of these Employers are F--g DEMONS to whoever this applies and there is a lot of them out there.
Gas too expensive..How do you expect workers to come to work when it feels you working just to get to work.
Obviously the pay wasn't too bad over the years from employers ,considering there's not an epidemic of homeless people living in tent cities everywhere (aside from those places whos yearly climate make it easier to willfully be homeless). Guess more people had the economic funds to drop out of the workplace than I ever thought. I had to go to work to feed myself, live indoors and pay the taxman so everyone else could get a handout.
Pardon my emotions. But some of you employers be pushing people's buttons not knowing someday that mess will come back to bite you. You're gonna make some people snap and get out the car and whoop your @@@. Seriously.
Because Some employers mistreat the workers. Overwork you and deprive you of vacation time.
The signs needs to be changed from help wanted to slaves wanted.
I see the people in the Arizona area think that their worth top dollar with no education or experience. Hearing things like " you need me and I want top dollar" . Not gonna take a McDonalds cashier as a high school drop out and put them in a management role. Educate, sacrifice and continue to learn, then maybe your worth it.
Companies have gotten used to shitting all over their employees and pretending like they are expendable.  People can't make a living wage.  And having health insurance is barely worth it.  Medicaid isn't great, but you don't have a $6000 deductible either.  There has been too much focus on profitability at the top at the expense of everyone else.  And yes, people want flexibility, in part because people have families.
It's because weve become a materialistic society and during the pandemic people have realized what matters most being able to be at home and spending time with family and watching children grow
The benefits for the unemployed are obviously far, far too high.
Wow, this hits close to home. I quit my job a month ago and have been running my own business at home. I’m considering a part time remote job. Had no idea so many millions feel like me.
You kicked them all without even a second thought when SHTF. Now they found a different way to make same or more with less effort and more comfort. Why should they come back? They too have to "balance the books" and want a good life.
The economy must not be so bad if workers can quit and take as much time as they feel like it to look for work or accept a job. How are bills being paid? How do they pay their rent/mortgage? How do they afford electricity?  Food? Gas? I am stunned at the lack of motivation to put in a hard days work for a paycheck,
Taking a break, but not necessarily quitting the work force. Money does not grow on trees, so who is funding these people? Where are they getting their money, to go out to eat, go out for entertainment, bars, travel and so on? Are parents funding their adult children?  I guess I was not that lucky, I am still working for the same company for 30 years. I like my money and my nest egg I have built.
Pay isn't keeping up with inflation. We got raises and bonuses in 2020 and 2021. Now everything is more and we have none of those benefits.
The rising economy has taken over any raises.
“We doubled our revenue year-over-year”   Probably paying workings the same year over year too.
Americans are choosing to quit their Jobs because they found out that these Jobs don't care about them. And they found that out after working for years and paying into their Unemployment insurance compensation that comes out of your paycheck,  and then when things get slow and there is a Pandemic, their perspective Employers refuse to pay their employees their rightful Unemployment insurance compensation because their Employer spent its employees unemployment Insurance compensation money. That is already a Class Action Lawsuit.
Start your own business people it’s now or never that’s what I did
Companies dont care about work/life balance
it could be cause covid get the shot or quit
Well you can scratch Miami off the list for being safe
Because the price for everything is rising except for my checks!
Are most of those jobs in the hospitality industry; and the retail shops?
I'd like to think of it as Biden was paying on to stay home so why go to work?
How are people supporting themselves when they just walk away from their jobs?
I can't get in anywhere even dish washing jobs
They won't hire me I've got good records with most companies now the companies won't let people inside that's the truth the requirements are so high its a way of pushing the rest of us to the sidelines
No point in working if you cant afford anything lol...
Most companies are overcoming the worker shortage by making their employees who are still working there do mandatory overtime which is also driving employees to leave.  I know , I did. Worked for Honeywell Aerospace and during the pandemic I had four different technicians to work with. One was let go, one quit a week before I did, one left and one is still there. Also we were doing mando overtime with no work to do. Some people might like this because they get paid to do nothing but also there are those who are like me if that we have no work to do then let me go home, because I can surf the internet on my own time, but we did the mando overtime and nothing ever got accomplished. Also my location would decide since one team could not make their shipment goals due to the supply chain issue, that the entire plant would go on mando overtime just to pick up the slack.
+60 Minutes thanks for the advertisement for the Forever Pandemic. I wasn't sure how I felt about it, but now I feel better about everything that's happened the past 2 years. Yay!
Nothing more than an employment shift
can't afford gas so have to find another job when delayed paycheck finally atrives late      duh   no wonder China Russia and Ukraine laughs
3 out of the 4 people you interviewed were black.  You couldn't give black people a job even if it was to sleep all day
The problem is democrats have so greatly increased taxpayer funded handouts that many make more for zero effort by going on welfare and covid handouts schemes.  it's amazing how many votes you can buy with trillions of dollars
Yahoo has an article today (Sunday, May 29) "People are Sharing What Caused People To Mass Quit at Work, and I Really Wasn't Expecting Some Of These".  The article details 28 stories about bad bosses and people walking out on their jobs (sometimes right in the middle of what they were supposed to do).  My thoughts?  I wouldn't hire any single one of them.  Period.
All the employers said, “We are seeing record business growth but can’t retain workers.”   If a business is busier, everyone has to work harder. But workers these days are also smart enough to realize more business (working harder) mean more revenue going in to the business. The major disconnect is that these wage laborers are not being compensated despite the MASSIVE economic boom we’ve experienced this past decade.   Most employees are happy to work where they do and see their coworkers as comrades working towards the same goal. But you can’t expect loyalty when you take in massive profits yet give wage workers less than a 1% raise year after year.
I don't understand how anyone is paying their bills? Was everyone rich?!
So what she's saying is ALOT OF PEOPLE ARE MOVING TO RED STATES WITH LOW TAXES 🤔
Pay them more and stop being greedy! Without employees there is no employers.
Meaby before was firing people (becouse pandemic ) and they took anyjob and now meaby they are leaving that kind any job to go again someting they financialy more need.
How about lack salary for the headache
Because they are sick of working for a corrupt government,  it's that simple,
Workers are leaving because they are tired of crappy schedules and low pay.
sick , tired , old,  burned  out,  overworked, had  enough,  etc......
That construction guy has the cleanest looking teeth I have ever seen in a human beings mouth.
Problem is people are lazy they blame everything and everyone
Idc about pay if my employer treats me with zero respect. My bosses have been primarily boomers and it’s like they have some weird complex about how they “earned” their spot and everyone else is a peasant and doesn’t work as hard as them even if they work 10 times harder. I’m 27 and my bosses treat me like I’m 16. All people care about these days is how things look on paper. They don’t care about QUALITY of your work. It’s now about who you know not what you know and I’m not one for politics. That’s not an employer I want to work for. I have too much self respect to be anyones mat.  Let’s not forget how pay gets stagnant for senior staff and new hires get paid just as much. Gotta keep chasing the bag these days or you don’t move up.
Many ppl found out that they could work from home and save on gas and travel less. Be available to send their children to school and be home when they got off the bus. Put on a meal while working for the spouse who is still traveling. Some became entrepreneurs and found their passions. Working for yourself is more rewarding. Some just decided that being unappreciated while helping to make somebody else’s dream a reality, follow your own dreams and work just as hard for yourself. Once employees realized they can do the same work at home, it didn’t make sense to go back into toxic environments. Overall, the monies that some ppl received was more than they made working. It’s a no brainer that some of them got comfortable. At the same time many of them walked into other passions.
"Why are people quitting their jobs?"  *Doesn't bother asking people quitting their jobs.*
Because Republicans keep giving the money they pay in income taxes to billionaires.
offer jobs with benefits. They're offering part time jobs with 0 benefits.
Construction is a matter of the youth not wanting physical labor in some instances. It's 50 plus year old men still doing the heavy lifting.  So they need to find ways to automate that quick
This is dumb all the media repeats the same story, but what changed? People are still there, maybe covid kept some home, and professional jobs w inflation, it makes them need more a job and have less disposable income. People wanting remote jobs is occurring but that’s just a reshuffle.   I think they’re just trying to set up a narrative to automate things and not hire ppl but robots.  If things are so great w so many jobs open and such high pay, why do ppl dislike Biden? He would be the most fricken popular president of all time.  Something doesn’t add up for me, and I don’t trust the media, especially when they’re running in sync the same narrative.
Spot on here. And on a side note, Greenville, SC is a pretty nice area. I ended up in upstate SC myself.
What about the employees point of view and better pay?
Many people are leaving to go and work for employers who pay more. Because the cost of living has increased over 30% but wages forexample my employer only increased wages 3%; which is sort of offensive. Might as well not even give a "raise".
Free government money
When I was laid off from my last job, I was told I can re-apply after 6 months. I immediately thought.. Are ya'll high right now? Lol!
from what I can tell official gonna add new rules will cause chaos and profiteers can exploit it again...
No all those  freebies government continue to right checks
Because the black economy is more profitable than working full time for $300 a week. And that’s by design.
Am I the only one who doesn't enjoy work from home? Being stuck in my room for 40+ hours a week is absolutely horrible!
The more interesting part of this interview was when the interviewer says “ “Do” the data tell you why?” Awe supposed to be “woke”to this?
If people aren't working how are they affording to live?
Por 22 años trabajo en la industria de restaurantes.  Creo que las causas principales sobre el por que no más personas quieren regresar a trabajar en n los restaurantes es por que.  El trabajo es duro para una sola persona por cada estación de trabajo.  El pago es muy bajo para el tipo de trabajo.  Son muchas horas para ganar un poco de dinero.  Los beneficios no son adecuados para los trabajadores. No vacaciones pagadas especialmente en la compañía TAVERN IN THE SQUARE. IN BOSTON MA. Debido a ellos emplean personas sin documentos legales.
Maybe because we let crooked govt and businesses jack prices to the point we don't give a * anymore.
From South Africa 🇿🇦 Decided to click on here as I know of someone leaving SA to Immigrate to Miami Florida.  We have same problem here, I  left my job due to toxicity in the work place, wasn't getting paid enough to stay there and didn't feel appreciated. Life's too short to put up with people's sh...
Who likes working and giving there hard Hard earned money to the government and who likes getting yelled at by someone on a power trip nobody it’s a money problem because they wanna give you tables scraps why we make them richer
Has anyone ever wonder how this country (USA) can spend at least a trillion dollars on warfare over the past 20 years, but allow its infrastructure and citizens to languish in poverty or near-poverty? Sadly enough there're people on the wrong side of common sense (often poor) who support whatever the government does, by saying the citizens are to blame because they're lazy. I don't know about anyone else on this thread, but I never gave permission to sink trillions of $$ into Iraq, Afghanistan, Ukraine and anywhere else. Eisenhower is said to have warned us about the Military Industrial Complex, but what can we do when the three branches of the federal, and state governments are in the game for money and fame?
What is so hard about everyone leaving at once. These companies CANNOT operate without their bottom line.   People need to clock out everywhere and make their demands. We hold the power.
To: Joe Avila....I am not sure about qualifications, but I know people who are well-qualified for jobs they apply for, but receive emails thanking them and saying the company has decided to move on to another candidate. One thing is clear: many people who worm their way into management positions are not overly bright, and they will not, I repeat, "will not" hire anyone they believe brighter and more qualified then they are.
I don't know this lady's name doing the video, but she should her homework before sitting there spewing "fake news." The comments below bear out this fact. A couple of weeks ago, I had to literally storm into management's office after a junior supervisor (whom I've warned before) came up asking me "why didn't you do this...?" I and every person in that department have been doing the work of at least 3 people for the past six months, while the CEO's are apparently enjoying the super bonuses they paid themselves earlier this year. After receiving bonuses of 400 to 800 dollars, many workers' hours were slashed an average of 50%! It begs the question "how can the company payout bonuses totaling in the millions (for CEO's alone, but the company never did say how much for the CEO's) and then cut thousands of hours across all 1700 stores?  When customers come to the store we have a third of the workforce we need, and a few  customers like to berate the workers, calling us lazy.....Meanwhile, the CEOs and higher management seem too dumb to see that morale is being affected. 60 Minutes, please stop it with the fake news, or at least get the full and complete picture before going on TV dissing American workers.
Because there lazy!
People tired of working for under the price of living 😎🖕
I quit and moved to the Dominican Republic because America is turning its back on its people
12 hour shift Monday- Saturday 11.00$ overworked
Sadly, I can see many of the points made in this report.  I am experiencing recoil from upper management when I try to point these things out. Just two years ago, the place where I work went from “it’s not a negotiation take it or leave it” to actually having to learn to negotiate with potential employees.
Low payment is the problem..
BS
Because the liberal government pays them to stay home and play video games....
HOW are those people paying their bills?
Lack of respect from mgmt is a big problem. I just left a toxic workplace. I couldn't take it anymore. No incentives or raises but be grateful you have this job..not a chance.
Without welfare, the bank robbery rate would be astronomical. I mean all these people are quitting work, where do they expect to get money to support themselves?
They're all buying lotto tickets hoping to get rich and thereby not having to work. They're investing in their future on the government/taxpayer dime.
No one needs your SPAZZY JOB
Pay up or fail. Lol
After working in a lot of different factories over the years i walked out of most, because the treatment by white collar,pay , it's not worth it.I still see them taking advantage of women,etc. it will never change
if jobs don't evolve they'll never get back to a full workforce.  In this job market, you gotta evolve or your business will be crushed by the closing market of jobs.
HahahHa just wait until a recession hits and everyone will be applying for any job that’s open.
Why isn't Leslie Stahl admitting she was wrong about Hillary spying on trump cause now we know Hillary did.
And most of the Jobs you have to go through agencies to get them
When it comes to Jobs alot of places specially Restaurants they don't give you the 40 hours a week so they don't have to give you medical insurance and they don't want to pay you and the cost of li ING like here in California is way to high and there's no rent control so ur living with that fear of losing it all from one day to the next
We are burned out! Over worked! The stress employers put on their workforce  is causing unnecessary anxiety. Even professionals with post graduate degrees are required to punch a clock. There is no work life balance. We need more flexibility. At some point you hit a brick wall and can’t keep up with the daily grind. And employers that offer no flexibility are going to soon realize the workforce isn’t going to put up with it anymore.
people are sick of low pay and abuse, that’s why side hustles have grown into full fledged businesses and social media and remote jobs have exploded
👍👍👍😘😘
So they don’t have to pay taxes.
People leaving chicago and san Francisco,  cause the democratic administration? I,m asking because i,m not american and i,m guessing
Me personally, I've paid guys great wages. When ppp loans, stimulus money, and government assistance became more  prevalent, they just didn't need me or my work anymore.
I quit because my boss clocked me out before my shift was done to save on labor frequently. I told her i demanded to be paid for the work I do but she said"no.". Literally said no.
I know of people getting 6000 and heard of some getting 8000 of food stamps. Why work .do you think they care if food goes up
Because they are fed up , theres a war coming and they are busy preparing for the inevitable because the Global system is not working for them its works for everyone else but them. The ulra rich are dug deep in their holes with their own armies. People are totally disillusioned at this point because they see how corrupt their trusted government has become.
Pay more, pay more ,pay more. Everyone wants to make money and have their dreams come true ,no just make yours.
I wonder if the vaccine mandates from some of these business companies has also something to do with it along with wages and respect within the work place.
Why should people work when Biden gives out free money
In upstate New York the average price for a one bedroom apartment is between 700 and $1,200... Then you got to pay for utilities possibly car insurance and you've got to eat... Maybe internet for good measure.... When you tell me those numbers together you get somewhere between 13 and 1500 .. at a minimum wage job that breaks out to roughly 55 hours a week to be completely poor...... The landlord's getting rich the power company is getting rich the internet companies got their projection set and the food stores aren't going to shut down anytime soon.... But the person who physically did the work is absolutely destitute.... I don't know about you but after a 55 hour work week I don't exactly have time to go hang with a friend or have a day.... It's rest run errands and clock back in..... We are at a point where the dollar in America is not actually valued for any reason other than to get you to clock in.... A gimmick to keep the rich rich and the poor lining their pockets .... This has been Corey Morgan with your daily dose of life.....
If I go into my job every day and lose the company money I get fired but when our government does it nobody bats an eyelash we all just complain about it and scramble saying we need more money it's not enough anymore.... In similar contexts the people that are running the business that is called the United States government the continually deflate the taxpayers dollars really ought to be fired forcibly if necessary... Americans at record numbers are finding ways out of relying on the dollar.... The truest and most beautiful economy collapse isn't our economy collapsing it's the government's economy collapsing as the people no longer want to buy into the lies....   If every American the same context could be used for any country but I'm using America for this example... If every single citizen woke up tomorrow morning and pulled every cent out of every Bank and then just continued on about their day.... The capitalists would cry and beg and more than likely edge into more extreme measures to attempt to get our assets back in their hands..... The time for reform is here a lot of people need to be fired a lot of laws and rules need to be rewritten so that they support the people that support them...
Probably cuz you can’t afford a “living” off a low income. Unless get a decent job or figure out how to make a career out of what you’re doing.
All those degrees and she doesnt have a clue
People aren't being honest. Employers will hire people, but on a part-time basis, thereby, paying less in benefits.  No guys, it's an employer problem because they want to keep CEO salaries at a high level, ....
Its  about a better quality of life. Don't open a business if you can't pay them enough to live on. Congress needs to give back all interest right- offs, and change this crazy credit scoring. People need ubi so that we can get our economy stimulated. Etc. 🤗
This is absolute bull, 22 million people lost their jobs,  where did they go, the planneddemic killed alot of people, the hospital protocols, killed plenty more, giving covid patients remdesivir, then getting their lungs blown out by ventilators, is very effective too.. then they make sure sick people can't get drugs that work, you see if people could have ivermectin, hydroxycloriquin,  z packs, steroids and antibiotics, oh an monoclonal antibodies. There would be any need for dangerous vaccines,   and all these people who supposedly hate their jobs all of a sudden, quit and go work for Amazon, no way, Amazon is the worst place to work in the world, this whole video is total brainwashing bull, it's on mainstream TV, what do you expect
I ll never go back to a physical office. See yall on Zoom lol
I work as an RN on a hospice team . Got a great boss . We seek out the best CNAs  from Nursing homes pay them a little more and show them much more respect which does not cost what you might think . And we get and keep their best!
I don’t trust anything this woman says because she told Trump that he was imagining things when he told her that Hillary Clinton was spying on him in the White House
I was a collision repair tech for 17years. Covid made me come to the realization that I was just tired of the 10-12hr days. I started a home maintenance business. Within 6 months I had already crossed the $100k mark working solo.  Flexibility, satisfaction and controlling my own schedule not to mention the $$$.
Unfortunately, I like to eat.
There is no loyal job security
The lock down ruined the American workforce. Why would anyone take a job when job security is now completely nonexistent? The government can show up on any day and close the business because monkey pox or any other lie they wish to make up. No matter how loyal you are, no matter how hard you work and no matter how much your boss loves you, you will be sent home to starve by the government.  The ones that didn't suffer are the ones that ignored the governments lies and just kept working, for themselves. Everyone knows that taking a job will just lead to suffering. Working for yourself is the only way to succeed, the only way to feed yourself and your family, the only way to remain living indoors. Taking a job is a financial death sentence.
It takes MTG 4 hours to watch 60 minutes
Pay the workers more, don't treat them like 💩 and ACCEPT THEIR FLAWS, then you'll never lose employees. Period
Oh shut up you souless hag. You're firing ppl to make the rich richer and the poor poorer and eliminate the middle class. The 144k have been sealed the system is crashing Jesus return is near ppl need to learn how to live off the land the mark of the beast is coming soon future no man shall buy sell or trade
Let's just say, this has been in making for the last 100 years, the socialists that immigrated to America about 100 tears ago, began infiltrating to USA government, and judiciary systems, and universities.  And started brainwashing our children. And , let's not forget all the wars that came to be the plans to start people become more dependent to the governments.  So, you did your homework. Good job...
People are moving to places where they have freedom. No masks, no lockdowns
...yeahhh...i mac and i phones TOTALLING some ...$-2,200.00 Dollars working from HOME ...P.S. YOUR $$$   COSTS TO BE THE BOSS--'''
I’m so happy they can stop saying oh there sitting home getting a check now there’s no check now what
Don't be fooled. This is what happens when the government and brainwashed businesses mandate poisonous vaccines. People quit because their health is worth more than their jobs that mandate this. I own a business and would never mandate dragonian government bs onto the people who work for me. We need smaller less government in all our lives.
It’s almost like they can’t afford the major cities they live in
I WANNA QUIT SO BAD!!
The era of the robot is slowly approaching
I was a registered nurse in Southern California and decided that I was done with Healthcare. I sold my house moved to Texas and began a small business in dog grooming. Before I was a nurse I had a grooming shop in California. I needed to go back to my roots.
Ignore this message if you have no time or if you are Sheeple. 🤣🤣☠️
Yooooooooooooo All my fellow humans. You have been lied too. You have successfully been fooled for everything. Rise into power the few who read this. The slavery ends with us. Take the time to ask the correct questions and find the truth. What you know may require you to empty your cup and start over. The few extremely wealthy cartels are initiating the purge soon. Many "worthless" eaters will be Targeted. This plan is very old and will be activated soon. Take a step back to understand why mainstream media lies to you. Videos like this are the best videos to practice on how to tell people lie. This video is made to program the weak. Wake up y'all. they want you stupid enough to make more little slaves and to continue to install them chips in the missles. Wake up already. If your not making $130 an hour your under the real min wage if you know how to adjust for the REAL Inflation... Sadly many of you have no hope. Sorry...
Because we have a bunch of lazy high people who feel things should be given to them .
40 hours in four days with weekends off
Say the obvious!  People left because employers were requiring employees to get vaccines, boosters and do weekly testing!  My body, my choice no longer applied!  Wake up people.  What a garbage broadcast.
Part of the issue is management treating employees like trash.  No work life balance. To many hours. To big of a workload. Covid exposed employers and how they truly value their workers. I want an employer who puts me first. I want to go to my kids ballgames. Go on vacations. Take a day off here and there.  I want to do these things without a lecture from my employer or feeling guilty.  The old school way of management is done. Millennials have set a new standard.  Me first.
Big cities are the problem. I live in London. Renting is extremely expensive. I don't get the point of living in London when you have to spent half or your salary in housing.
I was working my but off as a chef now I can't but when I was healthy if I had the help I needed I would still be working but now that I'm all messed up physically now I'm getting help but it would have been avoided now I'm not working and can't work so it would have helped those jobs if they were helping those good employees instead of working us the way they did missing funerals of family or birth days or even better pay instead of us working to death
I'm one of them.  I took earlier retirement and lost money but it was worth it.  I was a state government employee and when covid started and my employer started censoring me as to what information I could share I started getting angry and when BLM started, I got out as fast as I could.
I know I retired early at 63. Drawing SS and IRA making more than working. Tired of people not wanting to vaccinate or wear mask at work. People's extreme rudeness. Just not worth it. Glade I did. With traffic, road rage and gas. Saved 80.00 a week on gas, making lunches to take to work. Extra laundry. Bring in more now. Never been happier.
Gas is too expensive to work your minimum wage job with no benefits. Cost too much money to work during this Biden administration.
Is an almost 60 year old self-employed successful retired now soon to be retired service industry person I feel sad that all the time that I paid almost 40% of my salary in taxes are ex-president had not been paying any taxes at all I'm done let somebody else pick it up and f*** the service industry
Democrats got rid of the guy that actually had real wages going up faster than inflation now we have the opposite. Go Brandon
There are tons free government   money! Why work?.are they stupid?.
It’s the damn smart phone. No one wants to leave their bedroom no more. The 80s and 90s and early 2000. Teenagers went out and got a job now they sit in their bedroom with a damn phon!!! This is a fact
I left my job of 17 years. And doing so much better now. I wished I would’ve left 17 years ago.
How are these people living. What are they living ON? Govt. assistance, free handouts? Why work when you can get paid by the Govt. to sit home and surf the internet.
Also when you apply they don't get back to you soon.  It takes them a month or 2
I was thinking bout leaving cause  they won’t higher our pay in home care. I only get $12 an hour while prices rise 😔
O........H STOP THE CRYING !!!!!  😆 🤣 😂
I quit because I can't bring covid home to my family....zso we isolate.
It's about damn time! Workers should get paid better; so we're not all the working poor. Our government keeps us poor.
Well it seems that 60 Minutes is interviewing only models for toothpaste comercials!! Now you know....if you want to be invited to this program, you have to have a flawless set of teeth.
Everyone needs to understand 1 main thing....companies refuse to change their profit margins. Until they are willing to profit less by paying their ppl, nothing will change. Ever place I work has the same issue. I've been in food service for over 20 years and every company wants about the same labor percentage but if they would raise that it would be easier on the ppl working and we wouldn't be raising minimum wage constantly. All that does is raise prices. Why? Because companies want to make the money back to pay the new wages, because they won't change profit margins.
Do you see how much research, tracking, and studying of trends that corporations do? They know full well what is the lowest you will work for. I say KEEP quiting!  Quit driving cars, quit buying into the system. The whole reason for coronavirus social distancing is to divide and conquer us. Stranger danger, be afraid... Is a campaign to divide us. Unity is strength, there are way more poor then elite. But I digress, we gave up and gave in. The choice is yours.
Because most Americans refuse to take the jabs. Idiots. That's the answer.....
The reason rentals and for sake properties are so high because there are a ton of lazy construction workers not going back to work they need to go work make more inventory prices will go down!!
It's 100% because government has created more lazy people!! When your lazy you don't run to.work!! Thanks altimers joe
I do auto body for over 38 years and my body is telling me I need to slow down a little. I find it hard to find a job that is not working you harder to do more then I can handle at my age. they want me to do every job faster then the hours they got paid
Everyone I know that isn’t currently employed either retired or tends to fall towards the dead beat end of the spectrum, wanting something for nothing. When is ask them why they aren’t working.. interesting. They tend to think they “deserve” a “ living wage” just for showing up. If the company wants real effort, that costs more… insanity.. just lazy and lacking self respect.
All these degrees and she still doesn’t know that people were paid to stay home that’s the Gen Z crazies not wanting to return. Corporate people just feel it’s beneath them to return and cause tantrum.
make the wages right.
I quit a job type that I had worked in for over 50 years. For the last 20 years wages have been going DOWN. bonuses for quality work were stopped, incentives have been stopped, and benefits were cut. why work if you will get a pay cut in the future. worse yet, modern era managers are tyrants in handling employees requiring them to perform work one is not qualified for or unpaid for. I quit because the manager wanted me to do work I was not qualified to do and not going to be paid for. AND waste time doing useless jobs that served NO function other than to waste time and fill a stupid requirement that has no purpose.
We have to work in this world to be able to eat ,shelter and clove yourself and have medicine to keep yourself well. The baby boomer generation has the mindset work all the hours you can with as many jobs as you can to get as much as you can so you can be happy. Being a baby boomer this is often not true. Things do not buy happiness! This generation that is in the workforce now is fed up making other people rich why they just get by. Money can no longer be the motivator for working.  Today baby boomer or modern worker you need to find a job that makes you happy and pays your bills at the same time. A job at the end of the day you feel like you have accomplished something.
Employers are not hiring. They got too much PPP money and have to prove that they’re trying to hire in order to not have to pay it back.
Everything is done on computers. If your looking for a job there are no personel offices where you can pick up a job application form. A friend of mine applied for a job and his computer got hacked. The FBI has warned people about scams when applying online for jobs. And if your lucky enough to get a legitimate job placement company such as Indeed the companies hiring are expecting far too much from those applying.
👏👏👏👏
I am one of the people who quit working for other people. I used to go to work every single day for many years six days a week. I'm 32. People are FINALLY starting to realize, that TIME, is the SINGLE MOST IMPORTANT COMMODATY IN LIFE. Therefore, making it the most EXPENSIVE! If I go out and dedicate a good portion of my life to making money for myself and more-so for the person(s) I'm working for, day in and day out, and still cannot afford to eat out, have multiple subscriptions to streaming services, cable, phone, drive nice newer vehicles etc.. no vacations ever, worry suffer bum and borrow to fix things that break in my life and am always stressed and miserable.... why would I continue to go to that job. or ANY for that reason..? You might as well go out and make your own money however you legally can and work for yourself and life accordingly to how you can provide for yourself because you would struggle just as much with a job. The money that is offered to people for their time is NOT ENOUGH. BY A LONG SHOT!! TIME TIME TIME (LIFE). That should be the most expensive thing to have from another person. If you wand 160- 230 hrs of MY LIFE every single month.. you should pay me enough to be able to life a good one as well. That is my position, and I must say, ZERO REGRETS everyone is used to like like that lady said, going out and working for money was seen as your life thats all you do. The motto "Be glad to have a job" seems to have changed to "be glad you've got workers because you do not pay me enough"
So what! I’m retired and could care less!
Pay needs to be reevaluated.   The economy is in shambles.   Housing prices are through the roof and gas prices are terrible.   You need a job that pays $20+ a hour to even try to survive.
I noticed not one white person was interviewed.
you want me to wear a mask while I wait tables?   buh bye
Businesses ask too much from an employee n run them thru the wash with high expectations with strenuous responsibilities to make companies money but rather pay low wages for good employees. Pay to push play ... Pay it forward business owners
When businesses build success but don't acknowledge that the employees make it happen. But the price of good employees to stay the businesses need to pay out some of the advancing of the owners business, with the ability to raise a family with flexibility.
It's economical growth & cost of living standards with inflation ... Nothing is genius in the reality and common sense of life & the rise to afford to.live.
Theyre lazy.
Prince Harry said,"quit" if you are not joyfully, As an non royal who NEVER worked.And gives Advice on "Mental illness".A traitor to the UK.& A noncitizen of USA.Quote harry " harry U are bonkers" Go home,USA can't Stand You
Everyone is wondering....Why break your back for 30 Yrs. working for a $1,500 retirement.
I asked for remote so I could do my job better and they wouldn't do it. I had no choice but to leave because my child daycare closed for 2 weeks
Americans are tired of being slaves an we're all tired of this crap.. people are making $10 an hour but milk is around $5..  you have to work 30 minutes inorder to pay for a gallon of milk that's crazy...
I heard my boss acting like a total troll the other day to a nice young lady who comes in and consistently puts in a solid days work. I was totally put off and I ain’t havin that energy directed at me. I’m one of the best they got and there with a good attitude everyday and am extremely reliable. I’m looking elsewhere and gonna tell this clown of a boss of mine what’s up when I leave. A grocery store doesn’t warrant his intensity at all. He’s not the future. Jobs are a dime a dozen if you’re a good worker and it’s time employers know that. I can swing a hammer, bag groceries, sell a car, and tend bar. I’ve even held a realtors license and have a college degree. I can do anything well. I’m interviewing employers they just don’t know it. I’m not money hungry either. I have to like the job and the way I am being treated or I’m gone. Ball not in their court time to get real.
"you can read book, but you'll never be able to experience the emotions". Not trying to talk down on people who goes through traditional schooling, but that's why a lot of people quit. You have these hard working individuals that understand the business and customer needs more than a random person walking in with a degree and no experience. That's why businesses fail, why people are quitting, and opening their own business.
who is paying these people not to work? Thats the problem. Its being done on purpose by the socialist trash that has been given power,
60 minutes at one time used to be respected.  But after Leslie Stahl’s interview with President Trump who in the world whatever think 60 minutes is credible not me 😢😅😂
I think it’s just the young people now are so full of themselves that they don’t want to do customer service. That’s why they deem any person that calls out their bad customer service “a Karen!” 🤷‍♀️
Bad environment, low pay, employers are demanding more and paying less. I quit my job because I was expected to do the job of 3 people and constantly reprimanded for not being able to keep up. I’m sure I’m not the only one who has gone through this. A lot of businesses, corporations treat their employees like dirt, unimportant. There are way too many managers out there that have absolutely no people skills and are high on a power trip.
I worked in the produce industry. That was THE most stressful job I have ever had. It paid very well. Now I took a 20K pay cut for my peace of mind and the flexibility to work from home and spend time with my family. It had been soooooo worth it. For sure gone are the days of slavery to an employer. A better way of living and working is a reality already in some European countries. We call ourselves the best country in the world…I say in all sectors we are a far cry still. Perhaps there is still hope with this massive shift happening right now…
People can only quit because they can afford to.  Being "burned out" or "tired of work," or wanting to say "take this job and shove it," are not valid excuses for quitting if the employee cannot afford to quit.   Most people work because they didn't inherit a fortune so they have to work.   The question is, how are people affording to quit?   Answer:  government free money.
Nobody believes a word you say. You're a liar.
Part of it is the people that are in charge
People are moving away from Blue Democrat states and Democrat cities with high crime and high taxes.  All of the Blue Democrat run cities are ghettos.  Blue and Democrat cities also ban guns and ban gun rights.  People are sick of Democratic cities and their communism and want freedom of the Republican states.
People the government isn’t going to provide unemployment forever so how you gonna feed the family keep lights and water on any job is going to be stressful I know I have worked since I was 14 I am 42 now and dealt with rude people but I knew that those people don’t pay my bills so I killed them with kindness and walked away when needed to take a breath and continue to finish my shifts
😡====The Latest  CouRT proceedings=== From the Trials of The 2 oF uS.😡==== .😡..The Defendant, Donny Deutsch , YOU CHARGED WITH BEING A LOUDMOUTH WOKE LIBERAL!! AS WELL AS BIGOT, RACIST,  PLAIN UNEDUCATED AND IGNORANT! DEFENDANT….                                                         🤬☠G☠U☠I☠L☠T☠Y☠🤬...  FEED WOKE BIGOT TO SHARKTICONS!!!.😡
Of course wages need to go up if the cost of living is going up
Because the government has made a lazy nation by supporting them it’s pure sickening and laziness of people get off your a$$ and work you are making our economy like crap and by doing so is causing a recession then another Great Depression history is repeating itself and in the end people are going to suffer because this is what the government wants to make this Free Country USA a socialist government it is sickening
Well I personally filled out over 20 apps and the idiots don't give the jobs to the people who want them or they hire somebody they know or a coworker knows them,....I know the type of worker I am,and I don't feel I should have to beg for a job when they say there is .....lol...I can't find a job isn't that a joke! Not to mention I've got NO felonies
So no interviews from people who make <$13.00/hr. Greeeaaattt.  There's still some info missing... did these women leave to have children?  How many workers died during the pandemic? What about the 55 million+ people who decided to retire? Of course those jobs were split and pushed onto existing employees.   Geeez this story is whack.
Too bad 60 minute lost all credibility after her interview with President Trump..👌
Between stimulus, rent relief, unemployment, long time to process eviction....why go back to work?!!!!
They're letting all the illegals have their jobs they need them. Americans don't need to work no more.
Trends cycle. The day will come when it will be an employers market. You will be left behind when all of Biden's immigrants take your jobs!
Maybe corporations should realize that it’s not their CEO and upper management that makes the wheels turn.  Take care of your employees.
Also these jobs dog people out and have no respect  they want people to all times of day and night when you tell them no they dog you out even more and the good people they run away by treating them bad
"People have been living to work for a very long time"...Oh really? I've been working to live for 45 years with a couple to go. I have zero respect or sympathy for "burned out" young, lazy's.
when workers can no longer afford to live in the neighborhoods where they work.. whilst employers are raking in ZILLIONS.. workers have decided to work for their OWN money..  NO ONE is trying to make anymore money for the liked of Zuckerberg.. Musk and Bezos!!
Raise pay
How,about they don't want to be forced to get "the j" so they leave
The"pandemic"is a plot. A tool to frighten the weak minded.
It's pretty simple. Left wing Dems quit their jobs to help bring in Socialism. They want big government to support them. They're actually communist and too stupid to know it.
As recruiters for a company in the Greenville, SC, area, my coworkers and I are scrambling to find hourly workers for packaging and forklift positions. Despite pay increases and offering direct hire positions, etc., it has been an uphill battle to find and retain people.  People need to realize that not every job is a work from home job, and that we need to get back to work to get rid of supply chain issues.
Boomers ruined this world; now look at them trying to stop the nationwide cleanup effort - “too many benefits”?  Ok, boomers.
People are moving from democratically run cities that have become like third world countries but they will not change the way they vote. Can’t fix stupid C19 didn’t shut down our country….the government did  A lot of companies also have a vaccine mandate so people will not take the jabs for a job. This video is missing a lot of real info
KFC down the road was hiring for minimum wage pay, I said “no thanks, I’ll take this job at the casino” 😂
This is simple remember how America had a toilet paper shortage when covid 19 became more political than a virus ? Its Americans saying we are sick of our governments crap . We all are.  The government administration used covid as a way to pull the wool over Americans eyes and stole our rights from right under our noses and said they didn't. I was dehumanized starved out and my children were abducted and the department of health and welfare used covid 19 as an excuse to be insabordinant and then they punished me for it . If the government administration isn't working for us then why would we work for them.
Because the wages suck. Start paying better wages....
Cost of living, expenses and inflation goes up while wages remain the same. Not a good combination.
Why AmericanS qutting their jobs??  The answer is -- Because they are LAZZY 🙄🙄
People are tired of being abused by customers. Not only the abuse, but the silence of management and supervisors while the abuse occurs.
It’s called suck up all the welfare money thank all the democrats for this
This gives those with no qualifications and experience a chance to gain some in these jobs
How do they eat 🤔
"You work and work and still can't
I'm sorry. Is this satire? Like a  gross overstatement of how things actually are? Coupled with a silly unknowing narrator? That poses our current reality as a fearful future
So i hope all these entitled selfish individuals know their actions are now the reason why we are paying more for everything.
Industry companies in Alabama have been under paying hourly employees to  increase their income . Black and brown employees did not have choice's. Its sad that employers are just know willing to  do what's wright
I heard A LOT of health care workers quit because they didn't want the shot.
Im lookin for a job
Biden’s administration is paying people to stay home. Simple! Trade in your God given rights and freedoms for a lie. When the money runs out we will be slaves of the new world order.
The Gov has made you all lazy
Pay
ISIS Terriorism on US Soil.  Hate Crime; Domestic Terrorism  Case #: 22-002434 Ironwood, Michigan  Alleged Islamic Group, aka ISIS racism against a Jewish Woman in her Workplace!
First, I would never believe a word of any Gov report. When you have a Gov give more free money than you make killing your body why not stay home
We r tired of being there slaves and not geting any where y they live high and free they dont have any thing to worry about they got all the money they well ever spend. So yep iam done working for the people in our government.
60 Minutes of leftist lies….people are inherently lazy, they’re called Democraps.
Employers treat employees like garbage, low pay and no benefits, crappy conditions, expendable
The real situation is “PAY”
"We doubled in revenue and need workers its a worker problem" no its a wage problem pay me more
South Carolina pay wages are as low as possible. My new employer right now already after first week is treating me not so great, making me feel as low as a worm. This has been the case for the past thirty years that I've worked since I was a child. I cannot recall a job where I was ever treated with respect. Also it is costing over $10/day in gas to get there and be paid $9/hr.  Employee's aren't in the driver's seat. Nothing has changed in South Carolina since 1800's. Employers want slaves, not employees. The harder workers get taken advantage of especially in the service industry.  I've recently moved back to my home town and working in my hometown in SC but I am treated like the outsider and told in so many words that I speak too slow and southern. In my own hometown where I grew up that is now full of carpet baggers and businesses owned by people from other countries who were given business grants when they came into this country. however natives of this country don't get those opportunities at all.
Here’s one for you:  25 years as a retail stockbroker making great money without a lot of struggle.  I sold my practice and now work as a handyman and more work than I ever thought I’d have.  Upside is I do what I want, work when I want and with whom I want.  Bottom line super happy….. makes no sense
Americans.  But you have Mexicans so no need to worry  about.  More Mexicans will go to Canada and cross the border from there.  Problem solved. Cuz mexico is a war zone now.  The cartels involved with political parties rule.
https://youtu.be/XarSWHqM7uY
Sounds like communication is missing on both sides, bring your negotiations skills to the table. If you walk away without attempting to communicate with other employees, management or a major corporations. You will always be looking for a job.  $$$ don't increase when you are a quitter, present your value and listen to their frustrations.
Work ethic
Social responsibility
This is a national security issue
LinkedIn is not safe to use because of identity theft. My identity was stolen multiple times through this app. It is just too easy for crooked employers to hire anyone they want with your good work history or identity. There are too many people who have the need for a new life, name etc and we are prey to the employers willing to take advantage You are providing your information to them in likedin. They sell our identity.
unhuman resources dept. are a failure, they can't hire, because most of the time they don't know the job, they don't have social and human preparedness.
i personally applied to ads 9 times last week, 3 negative answer, 6 no answer. i guess in most case are the human resource dept. which hires, and they fail miserably.
probably, there is a great nr. which can't reach the job place, not everyone got a car,
It's younger people don't won't to work. Spoiled kids growed up and not wanting to work. they think their to good to work for minimum wage .
I am not a communist,but didn't Karl Marx,and Frederick Engels warn us about capitalism in the 19th century when the Communist Manefesto,and Das Capital were written?The truth is Marx and Engels invented the term Capitalism.
I did a test. I have 31 years experience as a Software Developer. I put out hundreds of resumes on indeed. AI weeded out most all the applications. Then a got a few interviews. I was passed over on hundreds of applications. So this is either complete nonsense or they want inexperienced software engineers who will work much cheaper.  The only ones that sounded interest was when I told them as a test I would work for a ridiculous salary level (cheapest this side of Sri Lanka). The whole indeed resume algos ruined what job market might have been. The rest was ruined by greed.
Now that the stimmies are gone, and the dreams of being a meme stock or crypto millionaire fell through big time, it's back to work. So back to work (if you can find it now)! Keep practicing, "would you like fries with that sir?"
Don't live for this world, as in this world you will die with nothing any how. Just depend on God and live for clothes and food. That is all you need in this world any how. you do not need anything else.
I don’t think that their being choosy it’s just the fact they have a family to provide for as well and truth be told they would be lucky to keep a employee on board with the disrespect they get
Because pay doesn't reflect inflation. Next question please
Baby boomers have been targeted and forced out because of age and higher pay since the 70's and now that employers are struggling they want us back. Yeahhhh and how long till they change their minds again.
Why don't people want to run the rat race speaks for itself.
biden STIMULUS MONEY
Then pay your workers a living wage. Offer flexibility. How can you not understand to treat your workers right and they will stay.
Another thing why some people not returning to work is the way employers talk and treat their employee too. Things has change where I work in traffic during school speed limits suppose to be 25 mph in a school zone not having the police dept you work for not having your back they blame it on not having enough police officer to work but when it comes to drugs and other things I see I beg the differ. Especially when you love your job it make me want to quit.
No there not
The pandemic didn’t shut anything down. It was the stupid government that shut everything down
Power to the people is no longer a 60's cliche.  WE THE PEOPLE HAVE THE POWER! Brother's & sisters it's over we won! Now let's get on with the peaceful insurrection and truly build a better future for the next generation!
I would take one of these jobs if they pay enough to become an American
I should quit I work two jobs and it’s still not enough
I quit my job as a mechanic because after a week of turning out maybe 20 cars I popped one tire. they charged me 367 for that tire. My salary for the week was 520. I helped the dealership prepare over 1 million dollars in vehicles to be sold that week and took home 153 dollars because I popped 1 tire. F that
Who wants to be at the mercy of someone else?People love to be independent.They are sick of corporate America telling them how much workers are worth,how many vacation days are allowed,and forced to have very expensive insurance!!!
If people just learn we don’t need the FEDERAL RESERVE AND THEIR MONEY. We have gold here we have food to grow and incense to make beeswax to make all sorts of healthy good stuff . Get serious people you are like robots listening to a god here who doesn’t exist. We were taught from the beginning to tend the lands and animals. No nobody listens but a choice few. Those who know how to live are the natives and islanders. We don’t need industry. We don’t need concrete jungles.
a lot more to life than wasting half your life doing something thats not remotely enjoyable
Because rent to Damn high
Why is everyone in this video African-American? Interviewer ignore others? Listen,  I am African-American and aren't we the ones complaining when it is all European White? Sounds very odd and hypocritical to me.
You're all talking big, but talk to me in December  More than a fair share of you are going to go craaaaaaaaaawling back
Workers quit people and bosses, not jobs.
This is the employee response to all those people who've been saying if you don't like your job get a new one. So now they are and all those people are now complaining.
The reason why the masses have quit their jobs because they did not want to be forced to take a shot but every news channel does it say this outright they keep saying they don't know why we know why the government is fighting for abortions to continue their pro-abortion but they're forcing the masses to take a shot, why do pregnant women have different rights. For those that are confused seem to have a lack of intelligence and can't figure out why this is happening there's your answers
More people will quit their jobs, if The  Government keeps giving money and benefits to unemployed people and the money they are getting is more than what they would make at a job.
I quit my job because the companies wanted you to get the jab don't forget that shut up just do it!!-
PAY PEOPLE A DAMN LIVING WAGE....AND YOU WILL SEE PEOPLE STAYING IN THEIR JOBS. Hell...I quit my security job back in 2016 and never looked back ! self employed !
We are tired of being corporate slaves! The big fat slob CEO's raking millions of dollars getting all the tax breaks! The evil greedy Republicans supporting the fat bloated pigs like trump! The money grubbing Republicans let tRump and his evil minions mistreat the employes!  The evil CEO's can not treat us workers like slaves anymore!
People in today's world "CAN NOT" afford HOUSING, whether it RENT or Mortgage!  and don't want to WORK JUST TO PAY THE RENT and FOOD! I'm sorry but I blame the City and Local Governments that let the Land-Lords raise the RENT YEAR AFTER YEAR, AFTER YEAR! I'M DONE! Speak the Truth
Oh but illegals come here and take our jobs doesn’t ever hold up and for sure it absolutely doesn’t now!!!
First of all if rent is 1,200 and goes up 560.00 then the cost of living has definitely gone up! Groceries are the number two issue. One box of cereal 6.25 so imagine what the rest cost! Plus the housing industry is not doing so well so trying to buy one will not workout to well.  The rate of pay at work hasn't budged and all the bosses are getting raises while Amazon worker's get treated like plantation slave's world wide! Charlotte cost of living has definitely gone up but Amazon refuses to acknowledge the facts at all!
I've driven OTR, class A CDL since 2000, 4yrs ago I quit due to over regulation. I received 700+$ citation ( wrong lane ) in CA for moving over for merging traffic, that amount of fine took my whole check for that week. A week later when close to home, I drove my last CDL mile. DOT regulating my sleeping hours is to much, get the f**k out of my bedroom. I'm not an isolated case, this is why your stores shelves are emptying. Port regulation is just as bad, drivers are less and less willing to deal with this, to many abusive and intrusive laws. They will relax a little to let things catch up and then back to extorting hard working people's money....I'm out.
Remember there are no unions to protect workers anymore....the Republicans got rid of them.  Sure they did.  They represent the working class.....the demographics of the Democrats.
Let the rich do their own dirty work.  They have all the money now, while we barely can afford food and a place to live for our families.....so let them do all the work.
It's costing more to go to work than people make.   An endless cycle of throwing your life away while corporations get rich and the working class struggle to survive.
thats why china now become the top 1
People are quitting jobs because of greater workloads (from others quitting) which brings a lot of physical and mental strain beyond tolerance. Also at the same time; businesses are flooding with consumers in higher numbers leaving understaffed employees working for dear life.
Because the current government installed a higher pay rate .and you people keep yelling cold and flu oh i mean kovid
If ya don't pay people they will not work
tired of being "Corp Ants" for ivory tower execs who couldn't care less about anyone "down the ladder".
When some people go to work you also have the situation of other people being there and then they wanna start a fight with a person And the company will fire one over the other because 1 is making less money while the other 1 is making more money that's the weather fights begin that and then they will keep the 1 that keeps working for less money The one that's getting paid more they fired them even though that person did not start to fight or do anything to be involved with that fight
The thing is what the government calls a living wage… I believe that if you own a business it is your right to make as much money as possible but you have to understand if people aren’t paid right and I mean you can pay 13 an hour that requires constant movement strain on body things of that nature until we understand that some cities are lying about the living wage then it will always be an issue
Lack of work ethic. Boomers retiring is leaving the lazy who think they are owed just for existing. Govt pays people too much not to work.
I am about to,listen to this but owning a business and also working for others I can answer it: Because covid gave them a sample of not having to work and have government assistance so they can spend time with their families, hobbies etc. Some are still pending their time drinking and smoking weed as they did heavily during quarantine. This experience, combined with once the supply chain disrupted and created a tremendous demand and a workers market where you can demand high wages and any job you want..terms work at home etc for a better job. The printed money and prices have caused inflation which is not going back to its previous cost basis, so despite all this people will not live as good. Industry has tightened its belt to optimize profits and work with as few workers as possible now, that is not going back. Also a downturn is coming that will cause unemployment to soar sometime in the next 3 years, Now...I will watch the video
Don’t worry Biden will get the jobs filled. They are coming from the southern border every day!!
LinkedIn is scam.  I deleted my account.
If you pay us better and stop treating us as slaves we would stay but you can't want to raise the cost of living and expect us to work for the same money. I will prefer to sell water on the side of the road than to be treated that way
Hire immigrants. Pay them cheaply and tax them more.
It's almost like most women would rather be at home with their families if given the financial option.... hmmmmm
Lol that’s funny because I been unemployed for 7 months almost. Nobody is hiring here in Houston
Capitalism has done nothing to destroy lives and get the rich richer the game is rigged
Who wants to spend their entire check on gas and food? Taxes also.
Finally, americans understand that they are used as slaves, underpaid, scarse benefits and vacations. WOrk is not life ! Do go on strike.
Employers only care about their profits could care less if U live or die as long as someone does the work all that matters. Ain't that America 🙄🙄🤬
Plenty of workers in Haiti,  oops wrong skin color!
they don't want to work  !!!!  period
Take this job and shove it!!!. Some people are tired of working for peanuts.
People can’t afford to go to work wages not keeping up with the cost of day to day things you need to live so why waste your time working when it doesn’t get you anywhere.
So willy Wonka were are you on the transfer of stuff through the tv?
It’s the government pushing the people out of their jobs... government saying I’m better than the people... let’s make them homeless.
Living in there parents Basements  LOWLIFES lazy wannabe   let the government pay their way pieces of CRAP
SOOOO LOVE ❤️ THIS TUTORIAL ‼️
Whoever taught you to work your life away chasing to Jones'. You don't need the status. Get your smile back and live a little simpler
Can't afford gas?
Alot of them are actually buying cabin tents and going into the Woods ..not a bad idea
The entire system is broken ! And everyone is burned out and fed up am I right?
Work from home. How about the pay ?? Employers are predators. If there is a way, they may or may not take the job away. All they cares is the bottom line. The class struggle continues.
I served for way too long. The money was good. But I still literally have nightmares of serving. People treat you like s$”@ and the business treats you as though you’re a replaceable piece of trash. Money isn’t worth it anymore.
Life is short, why make someone else rich when you live off the government.
Employers should never forget the last line in this video
The reason this is happening because of Joe Biden and drove by the administration they shut down a lot of jobs and he started with the pipeline now nobody wants to work times are hard and told by not doing anything about it his fault and his administration there not good people. They're the enemy to the American people and the United States
How are these “quitters” paying the bills ?
I just don't understand what all these millions of people are doing to pay the bills who now refuse to work.
Americans could do much better working for a European country! In Sweden everyone gets 5 weeks PAID vacation every year, a woman can take 18 months PAID Maternity Leave, dads can take Paternity Leave, Universal Healthcare, On-Site Day Care, great public transportation! My brother a Trump Supporter lived with his family in Sweden for 3 tears" It's not very STRESSFUL living here in Sweden!"  he tells me,a Liberal Progressive Democrat "Ya THINK?" ROFL! 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
The CEO and ownership class think they are going to suck every company dry and still be entitled to cheap labor.  We want living wages and respect.  There's many businesses that should just go out of business.
Only thing that matters is health and family. Either of those two break, it will spiral your life to a halt. Trust me.
Remember how the free market would make market corrections and wages would fluctuate w supply n demand? Remember? How'd that work out?
I am a retired RN. I applied at chick fil A. I didn’t want to wear a hat or check IDs. They wanted a third interview for an entry level job. I don’t think so but thanks anyway
The overall rampant inflation in this country is the main problem along with the lesser pay that the jobs offer. Along with the abuse of power coming from the bosses of how the employees get treated. These problems among other problems must be addressed soon. Because it affects us all.
Blame Biden
I smell a set up
Capital has siphoned around $50 Trillion from Labor, in the last 50 years. Had wages kept pace with productivity, the "starting" wage would be around $30 per hour.
To keep wages low
Stimulus money is long gone. Just an excuse to raise wages. If somebody works 40 hrs a week and can’t pay the rent and other expensed why go to work.
A lot of lies not really wanting to hire. Scammers , both of my grandsons have applied never hear from the company’s
Well some people are quitting because their employers want to forcibly inoculate them.
Employers need to pay much more then they are currently offering
BMW and Michelin were in Greenville, SC will before covid-19. Don't make connections that don't exist.
WORKERS will ALWAYS outnumber employers. The power is OURS--if we chose to use it. Workers of the world--UNITE!
Dont forget vaccine mandates
The fact employers don't respect a persons need for a personal life, is a major issue for me. I have never worked for someone else because I wanted to, it is always because I have to. Point being, when employers act as if they are entitled to all of my time... they lose all of my time.
Its Because People Want To Do What They Love. Not What They Have To. People Are Genuinely Tired Of Doing What They Have To. They're Over The Crazy Schedules That Make Them Lose Their Will To Live. They're Over Being Underpaid Doing Something They Enjoy, But Have To Quit That And Do What They Don't Want To Do.  A Major Change Needs To Happen Very VERY Soon. Something I Wish Our "Leaders" Had A Brain On How To Do For Everyone In The Country. We Need More Careers That People Love To Do And Not What They Have To that Can Be Easy To Apply For. Then Maybe, People Won't Be So Burned Out And Wanting To Quit Their Jobs So Much. Let Them Be In Control Of Their Schedules And Have Them Enjoy What They Do.  There's A HUGE Difference Between The Two.
The problem is corporate greed. They want more profit at the expense of workers wages and their time.
No one saying that the cost of living n the pay and people r opening there eyes in or starting to open there own business
Only including people in this documentary who never  had a money problem in their life, thats why they ignore the truth... threat your workforce with respect and pay them a decent wage to live on. You know....the same all the people in this documentary have per month multiplied by at least ten.....
I've worked remotely for a little over two years. There's no need to go back into an office for a job that clearly can be done from home. Employers who insist workers go back into an office just want to flex and show they are in control.
I left my job after 16 years. Toxic work environment, low wages, affecting my health both mentally and physically. I don't regret it. Now I got a job in the healthcare. The pay is alittle better but it's a whole lot better than where I was before. The previous employer including management team dogged the good employees. I was like Im out and Good Riddance! Felt good that I had chosen me afterwards.
Lazy, incompetent. Or both!
“Just keep working until you loose everything and don’t you dare complain .”
Workforce is gonna get even lower with cost of living continuously skyrocketing over the past decade more people aren't having kids, fast forward 19 years what's that gonna do to the workforce. I worked for a Fortune 500 logistics company and despite breaking all productivity and efficiency records for the company I never saw more than 75cent raise, i don't wanna sit in all employee meetings hearing about record profits millions made and i have to argue with you to try to get a $1 raise every year so I left and started to work for myself if i was gonna break my back I was gonna do it for myself and not do it making someone else a billionaire. I've been gone from that job for 4 years now and my friend who still works there says I still have all the productivity records and the manager of the building is thinking about resetting them because everyone asks where's that person at and my buddy always goes HE QUIT cuz they kept giving him 25cent to 75cent raises every year lol. A big eye opener for me was watching my dad struggle to just get up and out of bed every morning do something as simple as put his socks on and go to work in pain because years of manual labor has taken it's toll on his body and he doesn't even own a house, he's struggled thru life on the wages he's been given but his way of thinking was oh well that's just the way it is where else will i go. So if i'm gonna struggle thru life i'll do it trying to on my own terms not so the head of a company can buy a racing yacht or his families 4th home.
Still they won’t hire you the second they hear you have disabilities. No matter how many diplomas you have.
We had a record number of people working before pandemic when President Trump was in charge. But that was a long time ago one thing has changed since then.
Remember that the democrats and rinos caused this. Also the deep state
terrible working condition, no labour laws, submissive attitude being expected, low pay...that is the american way of...insulting their own people. I'm surprised why this resignations are happening not much earlier but now but it is a very good move. GO AHEAD and crush the great american lie!
The report should be why isn't America doing anything to stop this man planned inflation!! Something has to give when everything goes up and you pay still the same !!!
I started my job at Texas Agg in Texas. Wa there for 6 years! Have multiple certificates to run multiple pieces of heavy equipment. They started me at 11$ an hr. Was there for 6 years an worked my way up to Head Loader Operator only making 15.50$ an hr lol. Every time I talk to the boss bout raise they always said I need to prove myself alil more an I’m one of the best they had ! But I would take on like 3 or 4 assignments a day at the same time. So I quit. One of the best decisions I’ve ever made. Way happier not being in the negative slaving environment.  An on top that the supervisors would always talk bad bout the employees under them an would expect respect?  Just crazy how employees are treated all over the world.
Employees have always been in the drivers seat they are just pressing the gas!!!
its almost as if people just want to live and be paid an affordable wage.....but hey im just an EVIL COMMUNIST🙄
1. People don’t work under Bosses anymore. Back in they say young adults were treated like kids but not they demand respect. A boss can’t talk to these college grads like poop for $15 an hour and think they will allow it. They find other jobs that have more independence such as online or self employed like Uber.  2. A college grad should be make more that $15 an hour. Wal Mart pays $15, so why get a degree
It is time. We must all walk together, away from our duties in this system, eat food from the tree's and swim naked in the sea's, until there is no system left.
They are leaving crappy jobs and pay and choosing to do other jobs such as working in social media….jobs where they control their hours and they control what they do!
It's a nepotism problem too
Hypocrite policy's is what the pandemic contributed to this.  People are expected to live at work for no future. Meanwhile the government takes income from the people that work and give it to whoever they choose.  Work 50 years of your life and you still are uncomfortable trying to retire?
I quit my last job because the owner OD'ed on fentanyl laced heroin at work in the bathroom. Days before he went ballistic at me for arriving late by 5 minutes because a wreck slowed down the interstate I used to get to work. I called the paramedics. They revived him. Left my keys on the desk with a note to forward my final paycheck to my address and locked the door to the business behind me.
Cut off their Welfare and unemployment payments. If someone gets hungry enough, they’ll go back to work
Considering the costs of housing and feeding yourself to claim that unemployment and stimulus pays keeps people from going back to work is ludicrous. Eventually unemployment checks stop. Stimulus checks are but two or three times. You still have to keep on living somewhere and feeding yourself afterwards. Most likely people fell back on family for support and to wait for better paying jobs. Jobs that will let you have a large saving as insurance for future disasters.
Well when you work hard at work they think they own you & they can squeeze more work out of you. So people don't work hard at work bc of that very fact & then employers want to pay you as little as they can bc they can too. So.. Plus  employers & coworkers & customers yell & bully employees at every customer service job. So people are just sick of it. plus the cost of living has risen significantly. So..
Hahahaha what a joke they keep coming up with every excuse but know the real problem but won't admit it, nobody is gonna work 5 days a week or 8 hours a day even for $20hr but gas is $4 a gallon, pack of chicken wings is $20, rent alone is 1500 monthly, people have other ways of making more money n being their own boss don't have to put up with anyone or work long hours, people can finance a car n rent it on turo n make more money n have that vehicle said off n they rent paid, while sitting home with their family instead of dealing with bullsh!t
These companies will just use robots in the coming decades and replace humans.
What I'd like to know, is how are people just able to quit their jobs?? How can they afford it? Are these all people with money saved up?
It's because Joe Biden is a weak President and like incentivising lazyness.
This is all gonna come crashing down when the recession hits.
I understand that some large corporations take advantage of employees, but small businesses for the most part can’t afford to pay sky high wages and some jobs are just part timers for a reason.
In my profession I see the bank statements of these average Americans, and while they may be saying "take this job and shove it", The data is showing that the government is paying these people more than ever, I've seen up to 30k in tax refund with no real steady employment??? Htf are they filing? This video said women quit more, that's interesting because they also file for divorce, brake up and get child support more - These actions are on the bank statements or in the conversation. Forcing Grown Men to work more than one job just to give all their money away to the government. Even with a boost of 12k or 30k in tax money sent to women and young ppl, by the 2nd quarter they spend all of it in one/two months and will literally have a negative balance. Many of these same people know they are screwing up and really want to know the right thing to do with money, but social media and marketing ads make it virtually impossible to stay focused. Inflation is having fun right now, while Americans are broke. Now to be fair, low level managers with firing power went crazy before the pandemic firing employees for the silliest reasons. I don't know, I'm not in human resources but I think they fire because they wouldn't have much to do if they didn't fire and rehire. I don't know, maybe human resources could improve their functions by improving the employees they have, creating retention by making it less stressful to come to work. There are a few large companies out there who have figured it out. Today's employee (and consumer) needs flexibility. That's what the pandemic revealed. That companies could be flexible and still keep up with production.
Cause they’re tired of the bs.
The item that’s missing from this scenario is that the education needed to land a lot of the jobs that are open is not readily accessible. If we are unable to get the education, the jobs will remain unfilled. This country is doomed if we cannot remain educated. We cannot become educated if we can’t afford the education.
they wanted to promote my coworker to a manager position  I was the only other employee and we was doing the same job!??   so i resigned i had 19 years senority
Don’t move to Austin if you’re looking for ‘affordable’.
It's simple no American wants to do an immigrants job.
But then they made them unaffordable now!! 🤬
PAY MORE THAT SIMPLE
Great stocks and I just bought in on them, but I'm interested in making short term profit, let say turn a $150K to $500k in 6months, I'd appreciate tips on how what stocks to buy to make this much profit.
Did anybody sit back and think that when everything shut down people had to get creative and learned how to open up their own businesses online … I make way more money from my online business then I did working for other companies with all my degrees. Way more people have their own businesses now and working for themselves. The hamster wheel rat race has ended.
We just haven't kept pace with inflation in any way shape or form, and if you can't afford anything and are going to end up homeless and in poverty, why bother working to support a corporation?
The pay rate sucks that's why
this is the "woke" movement that needs to be talked about more.  when you cant afford housing or really anything, whats the point of working? when child care costs more than your income, why would you take that job?
At  4:38 she says people are choosing "more affordable places"  😂  Well how did that work out? Housing is thru the roof now!!  😒
I've quit 5 jobs in the last year, mainly warehouse jobs and fast paced environments with long hours and strenuous labor. I've got no discipline. The fact that I'm autistic is probably no excuse.  I just don't know how anyone can be happy working. Money doesn't motivate me.
60 MINUTES IS FAKE NEWS
OMG!!! It is 2022 and 60 Minutes shows economic impact checks with Donald Trump on them? Give me an fn break! He tried to open the economy back up in spring of 2020. It was the Democrats that kept things shut down and would reject passing stimulus unless laden with pork barreling. It certainly wasn't DJT that caused dependence on government.lol
"Autonomy and flexibility" are just another way of saying that today's worker want the ability to roll over and hit snooze when their alarms go off, assuming they even set one.  Driving Uber, doing data entry piece work on your home computer, conducting customer service surveys over the phone, and a myriad of similar jobs today all allow this.  You work when you feel like working.  One problem with this is that none of these jobs pay a livable wage, so now we have large portions of the workforce complaining that they can't afford to buy a home or a car.  Sorry, gang...if you want to work like you're still in high school, that's your choice, but don't the world won't be adjusting for you.   I constantly see people complaining that their employer isn't offering them a 'livable wage".   These people rarely provide any information about what they're doing that would be making them so valuable to their employer.  Pro tip:  You don't get paid for what you DO.  You get paid for what you KNOW.  If a high school student can do your job after a week's training, you're bringing no value to your employer and your pay will always reflect that.  And if you've got advanced training and you're still not making decent money, you chose a field that's not in demand in your particular location.  That's on you as well.  Either retrain or move to a location where your training is actually in demand.  It's not rocket science.
Despite all the nice people walking around, there is a segment of our society who see service indistry workers as fair game to throw demeaning tantrums at. Not only is minimum wage not worth that kind of treatment, but over time treatment like that grinds you down in a way that you don’t get back. It’s just not worth it to be verbally abused for an amount of money that still doesn’t even pay your bills. I’m unemployed and worried but I can’t go back to working with the public so I guess I’ll have to figure ot out before I’m homeless or starving.
Supply and demand, corporate America. These are your rules. Your demand for employees is greater than the supply. So, you have to pay more. Pay more, and the supply will increase.
People have started small businesses that makes more money and easier than working
Why would you want to work a job that doesn’t help you live. You need it to cover rent, mortgage, food, medical, transportation etc
Got an interview offer thrice for a month. Reading the comments, glad that I rejected them for my business. Asian here
⭐This is a good one lol..... The moment the title says " Why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs in record number." Well..... Setting on that chair doing interviews for 60 minutes must pay out more than I make in 10 years.
This actually goes back (started) to the Obama era when Obama destroyed all the jobs with the objective of saving the environment. Thus many, many good paying jobs (and workers) were destroyed and never replaced. I was one of many who suffered the repercussions of his "fundamental changing of America." We never did fully recover from the damage inflicted on the work force then as Americas work ethic was severely severed. You top that off with everything relative to the covid plan-demic and this is the consequence.
One of the big problem now is employer asking for COVID 19 Vaccines.
If illegals can come here and get free money
Welfare pays them to stay home, play video games and smoke weed
I quit my old job after doing the work of two people, barely being paid for it, and being treated like an ungrateful child by my bosses. Now I'm making more with less responsibility at a new job and they still can't find a replacement for me.
Exactly 💯
Because their lazy and feel entitled because the democrats continue to give them everything for free!
The "great job offers" pays fine,  but they offer short hours. A person needs 2 or even 3 jobs just to pay their rent! Employees are just starting getting used to the fact, they're being EXPLOIT AND THE GOVERNMENT EXPLOIT THE BUSSINES OWNERS, with increasing taxes.  So there.
All the fake news has created a mass of buffoons that are as idiotic as the newscasters.
Too many hind t*** suckers wanna sit at home in front of their computer screen and drink soda pop And feed off the hard working backs of Americans.. I'm tired of supporting fat lazy b******* and s*** talkers
It's not a labor problem.  It's a greed from the top problem.
Flexibility is super important! We are not machines. We are human beings who get tired & burnt out. We need downtime. If you work an employee to death, they will burnt out pretty quickly. If you work a job where safety is a concern it's even more important since we make mistakes when we aren't functioning at our best or we aren't well rested.
Because we’re sick of barely getting paid enough to eat and have shelter let alone entertain ourselves and relax.
its not just employers, its fellow employees as well. at least in teaching. like i get it, we're all suffering but, my mentor teacher telling me that she spent her first years with multiple bruises on her legs???? why would i stay after hearing that??? how is admin okay with that? she told me expecting me to "feel empowered" that i have to be "strong" and deal with everything that comes at me. whether its 2 violent 5 year olds that make me spend 3/4 of the school day gettiing abused and chasing them around, or admin enabling that to happen and telling me its my fault their parents are being uncooperative in working with me to help them. they really said "this makes you a better teacher". lmao no, it makes me want to quit asap. people really have to learn the difference between challenging you to work hard, and straight up taking advantage of you.
People finally realized that the pay they work so hard for is nothing more than fancy paper. Backed by nothing printed on nothing.
Quit your job! Quit your job!
Please stop saying "The Pandemic closed the country" it was our own government. And it didn't stop a virus, but it sure did destroy the economy.
Of course, no mention of those who quit jobs because of vaccine mandates
Everyone is "hiring", saying they need workers/people. But hardly anyone can get those jobs because the qualifications are still almost impossible to meet. In a time where workers are needed, they are insisting on considering only the absolute perfect candidate. And then the pay offered is often barely enough at best.
What about all the people who opted to retire because they could? Employers gave us the feeling they wanted us out and wanted younger workers. But the younger ones I worked with during the pandemic were at home and getting paid not to work while I was required to come in (with health issues and age that put me at risk for covid).
Because there's is no limit to welfare
Lesley Stahl is an arrogant idiot.. she is not a good news/tv journalist.. please remove this dried up, insensitive, irritating, overconfident person from the 60 minutes line up and then more people may start watching..
Chinese TACTICS IN America IS WORKING AS THEY PLANNED !!
As a fly on the wall , can tell what is going on many home health workers were from immigrant backgrounds like Africa. Many of them especially men left for their original countries. Where cost of living is not that expensive and way of living is not that robotic. Also , many cab drivers also found out that in times like pandemic , they didn’t have the option of work from home and they lost all their income. Many. Of them got training for high paying jobs.Most of these people in retail and low paying jobs live pay check to paycheck . And they realized that in order to have sanity both parents  do not have to work. They can move to affordable  places like Michigan,North Carolina and can have better life on one income. True that benefits are there but places like  LA , fairfax Va.  1 bedroom can easy cost $2000 and above and this does-not include utilities, car payment, childcare , student loans.  All these workers also found out that people can be working at a place  for 30 years but businesses are businesses they will always see their own benefit. They would layoff people and then hire new people on cheaper rates.  In America there is no security . A person can become homless in seconds . And can remain homeless for several years. Inspite of social services programs and govt funds that came for limited time. People also learned the real difference between want and need. Many workers took early retirement. Now the employers are hiring but they are hiring on their own terms if they give 30/hr they are not giving health insurance. Then the families with young children once they started earning this much amount are not eligible for snap and medicaid. It is a catch 22 for them.  How to survive in these kind of circumstances in places like northern va , or california.  Businesses like walmart , and restaurants need to come with a good model for workers where they can give the workers 40 hours job with benefits . And of course the  big cities have seen now  the failure of old model of developing cities. People want more affordable  housing like RAD and Hcv programs then work force housing programs.  Also due to pandemic since there were no incidents like Afghanistan and Ukraine, the influx of immigrants was stopped for a while. So US also had problems finding workers for low income jobs. People dont wont to commute for two hours to get to a job , parents cannot pick  up children all the time from child care , every time the child care closes due to covid out break. Many older children moved back with parents where expenses are shared.
CNC machinists  get paid What? I was paid    9.     I got a 10 cent raise once.
It seems like if you are a good worker you will never get promoted..It is a crying shame people on welfare make more than than people working. People on welfare should be the poorest people in the nation. Good workers should be rewarded and lazy people should be shown the door on the way out
Is this video for real?  THE REAL REASON is simple. In the past 10 years people had twice as much in their 401k than they thought they had.  It’s an easy quit.
Antecdiotal story: I met a guy who was detailing cars in SF in 2020. He and his cousin both worked at a bar in SF and they were laid off. He said he’s making more than he ever did at the bar and he wouldn’t go back when they reopened. I think a lot of people in the service industry found better work because they were forced to which ultimately has worked out better for the individuals. If the service industry is to get back to better levels of staffing they’ll likely have to make their workplaces better (pay, treatment).
Worker wants to work 8 hrs shift,not 12hrs shift,better pay
Ppl aint gonna work for no pay
How do these people pay their bills??
Where arw all the jobs?!  Some companies are paying less instead of more or what tge type of job used to pay.   Some want you to do the job of 3 and pay the same or less.   Driving jobs,  if you have to use your own vehicle,  $15 - $20 the way gas prices are?    WAY to many companies wanting staff to speak English and Spanish.  I thought this is America?  Speak English.   Wanting  you to have tons of degrees and all all kinds experience just to answer the phone and take a message.   I could go on but im not being paid enough 😂
Because this is the first time in American history where this very intelligent government has enabled people to do so and get rewarded for it.
Yes there is a high number of available positions but look at the positions that are open, it’s typically low entry paying. Loyalty comes with salary. You can’t except a romantic partner to stay if they aren’t getting the same energy back
The Ones quiting there jobs arent job worthy anyway......let them Starve!
Gov benes + side hustle = more money than regular job. why work? 60 minutes misses the mark again
I NEED more PAY to avoid becoming homeless.  Why should a college graduate be required to work 2 jobs and have multiple side hustles to be able to afford shelter?  Why are we required to work 40 hours for a full time job?
Of course, people want higher-paying jobs. The average rent price is $1100. If the minimum wage is $15 × 40 gives you a $600 pretax. You're left with $450-$475 after tax. That's $1900 at most you have $ 800 to pay  bills( car insurance, water, electric, phone, even car payments.) Don't forget we have to feed ourselves too. It's tough and I have to work 45-50 hours to get by the month.
Pay better wages and you will get the people!!!!!!
It's a pay problem, not a work problem..
I mean forreal who wants to work for a wage that you can't survive on and then have big corporations flaunt big profits right in your face mind as well try something new!
I can easily answer why so many are quitting, major reason is pay. The cost of living is drastically rising , who would stay at a job where the wage and pay hasn’t increased in the last decade ?! Another reason, is during COVID a lot of jobs we’re losing their labor force due to unemployment benefits and those people working just were burned out from the amount of expectations managers placed on them for the little pay they get. Management expects workers to move mountains for them. I’ve seen management take advantage of excelling workers. Those workers have quit now because of how mentally draining it is.
It’s the amount of disrespect to give workers a unlivable wage. The cost of living is going higher, you can’t just keep paying people the same wage as a decade ago with little to no benefits, poor working conditions and lack of management team and coworkers. It gets mentally exhausting, that’s why I quit my retail job as a newly hired manager. Felt I was given a poor promotion, given more tasks out of my job description, no support or any help from the higher ups. It becomes that moment where even being unemployed is better than suffering those extra hours at a job you despise
Toxic and abusive
Because those open jobs pay so little for so much work to be done, and no retirement plan or 401K or nothing at all to go with over working to death for crap pay!!! Why are people still so oblivious to the f*cking obvious!!!????!!!!???? Also, the toxic environment most work places have. The gas-lighters and narcissists, as well as sociopaths in the work place are horrendous!!! Again, the pay don't make-up for the crappy treatment, poor management, disrespect and overworked hours. The pay don't match what society demands for basic necessities for survival, muchless for living a more fulfilled life. People want an enriching, fulfilled life that is thriving, not this survival mode BS!!! With the science and technology we have today, we should be living in a resource-based economy with automated systems to allow humans to fulfill their full potential and live an enriching life, but no we continue this faulty, flawed, severely outdated, stupid monetary-market system that continues to use and abuse humans. We as a species can and should do better. Not this cr@p!!!  For those wanting more information, I highly recommend watching Jacque Fresco interviews in The Venus Project channel and the Dr. Peter Joseph series "Culture in Decline".
It's not the pay. IT'S THE WORKING CONDITIONS. NO ONE WANTS TO WORK IN A DARK TOMB.
Because we see how nice work places are in Europe and even in China. America is a sweatshop compared to other countries. I want to go work in China; the factories are nice, you live within walking distance of work in a modern apartment supplied by the government. This is what America gets from giving away all it's money and jobs to other nations.
I accepted a job making $5 an hour more and closer to home... I gave my past employer the chance to increase my wages but they wouldn't do it..I told them ' then you don't need me ’ and I walked out the door
Most of those Covid checks have stopped. So it’s not that. The answer? I don’t know but it’s not the paltry checks the government sent out.
It's because everyone feels that the end is here.
My son 39, lost his job in Co due to covid he applies online 15 to 20 s day. He was a computer administrator with 30 employees under him. He finally has an interview with AutoZone.  Hopping he gets it.
Goooooo……. BRANDON!!!!!
Restaurants need be the LAST to complain or be confused why no one wants to work there .. the minimum wage for servers has been  $2.13/hr in my state for at least 2 decades unless it's gone up over covid.   When I worked in food service  more than 10 years ago, I got paid $2.13/hr plus tips.. every pay day my check would be $0.00 because I made more than the standard minimum wage in tips.  To make matters worse, servers have to TIP THE HOUSE 3-4% of their SALES.  This means, if someone doesn't tip the server, it literally costs the server money to wait that table, instead of getting paid. It's criminal.  I worked in HUGE chain restaurants too. Outback, Bonefish, Firebirds, & Maggianos .. all the same song and dance.  Meanwhile they're making millions.    It is not the customer's job to pay the workers salary. GRATUITIES are EXTRA money for excellent service.
Until the pandemic the business model was doing more with less. Why hire three people when you already have one to do the job. They are missing the point.
BY THE WAY, GET RID OF THE TYRANNICAL GOVERNMENT MUZZLE CREATED FOR CONDITIONING, BRAINWASHING AND FEAR, YOU PEOPLE WEARING THOSE FACE DIAPERS ARE UNEDUCATED IDIOTS, PUPPETS ON A STRING!!!
You mean the PLANDEMIC Every problem  we have caused by the tyrannical evil deep state government for there plan to steal America's freedom  and property,And Obama is behind it all underground!
Um, because 'work' sucks? If what you do to earn a living doesn't seem like 'work' to you then you probably won't be quitting.
Buncha crap.
Because no one wants to work 40 plus hours while the higher ups make more than what we make in a month IN A SINGLE DAY
Because the government is paying them to stay home for votes!!
People know why . I work at a place where teens work one week and quit. Then they collect from the state  they don’t have to work. They said they tried. Lol . Easy way . Not working and collecting spending money an do it again in 6 months so the can quit an get their government check. Working the system
Most comments say pay . Isn’t it smart to quit if you found something better .  It’s not smart to quit and now have zero.
I flew a worker from New Mexico to Texas
I’ve worked two jobs for over 20 years and raised a son by myself just to make ends meet it wasn’t worth it been laid off too many times now only work for myself at age 53 . I’ve decided I have had enough of employment, company have no flexibility it’s a right to work state or hire and fire no long term employment no retirement from companies they sell or fire employees just to keep from paying pensions lower hours to keep from paying employees insurance. Corporate office holders seem to think running a company into the ground by increasing their profits and lowering quality of food or products made once your wealthy it’s not enough your taking away from all the employees (people) that made it happen. Do it your Dam self you want make millions without the devotion of others who were involved. This makes you a Scrooge.not to mention our past Presidents have sold American in order to get nominated and run for president . Corporate profits will not stop until you stop .
You can get more money to stay home rather than work your better off being and illegal
I dont understand how all these people are surviving that choose not to work????? How are they paying their bills?
More money and illegals will work
The message that I get is that employers are way too pickie, fastidious and demanding.
I am in education and have a high ranking position. I am about to resign because if you are salary they overwork you like you can't imagine. If you are hourly employers penny pinch. If I work an extra 20 hours a week it is fine; however, if I need to leave 1 hour early then paperwork must be completed and approved. This system has me disgusted!!
Because FREE FREE PALESTINE!
Whose got better pay? Gas and food is up 300%. Minimum wage is not.
I think the cost of living where the employer is needs to determine how they are paid. Before Covid, you could easily work in a big city as a waitress or barista and still afford to live there. Now, bc of the cost of rent, no one can do that anymore. For the old wage, a worker would need to move 2 hours away from the retail job. No one wants to commute 2 hours each way for work. It’s grueling.
Employees want a good paying job where they can live well, and spend time with their family. no one cares about flexible hours. They are just trying to find the cheapest short term solution to continue maximizing their profits.
I dont understand how people can afford not to work with the cost of living so high. I used to be middle class, now I'm below the poverty level since I retired.
Because we are underpaid and overworked
you cant blame this all on employers,  lazy employees want top dollar.
Can't wait until nobody is there to wait on them they will have to do their own work.lazy gen's
Get woke go broke. If you work for a company that don’t share your values cuz they’ve cave to fake bot Twatter mob and it looks like the end of the world why would you spend your last days pretending your ok with it?
Much of the people who quit  jobs are leaving cos the bosses hired are believers in the giv we have in office an those bosses don't want true Americans  working  Thank you
The host of this needs to retire . Then I might watch .
the rats stop working for the called we the corrupt people
Americans are choosing to quit their jobs in record numbers because up to the nineteen nineties  a home was attainable ! In  fact prior to the nineteen nineties  and more so during the nineteen eighties in Florida a carpenter would make fifteen dollars and hour and you could find a home for under thirty thousand dollars ! A person working at a Waffle House restaurant would be able to purchase a home ! More so factual is that in many states the average salary was hire annually than that of the cost of a home ! I worked for GM in New York during the sixties I made eight dollars an hour putting the GM decal on the production line working forty and sometimes seventy hour a week , during my teenage years I was paying sixty dollars for a two bedroom apartment in Manhattan ! During the nineteen eighties  I moved to Florida where I worked as a waiter during eight hours for Disney and four hours in conventions . With minimum wage just under three and a quarter , gratuities allowed me to earn a sustainable wage of just under twenty three thousand dollars . My first home in the Azalea Park area cost seventeen thousand dollars , it was a small three bedroom one bath home just under one thousand square feet . Today carpenter that builds houses and medical offices can't even afford a home in Florida ! What carpenter or waiter do you know makes four hundred thousand dollars annually ? Small children are being forced into a daycare center because dads respectful  abilities and income are not sufficient there for the mother has to contribute ! Now a constant telephoning for the solicitation to purchase your home is going no mater where you live in America .  With the constant purchase of real estate including new home so as to constrict the attainabilities of a common necessity , for a sole purpose to keeping an even greater number of the population in a desperate way of life !  WORK  WOrk  work now the you can't buy the American dream but you can rent it . In many instances even real estate taxes of New York's commercial and residential building structures  are being paid to the Chinese government !  What will this turn out to be ? I will not see it many of you will ! I can express two realities and  four advises however  ; More Section 8 programs , More legalization of different narcotics . * TAKE YOUR MONEY OUT OF THE BANK ! * Sell what you have in the market , * Keep your home , * Don't invest in the United Sates of China !
People are just burnt out from years of barely getting by living paycheck to paycheck..... You look around and realize you have nothing to show for it....
This is not a “worker” problem. Everyone wants to work and get ahead in life. The problem is that employers don’t want to make that possible. They don’t care if you have small children that you need to have a flexible schedule for. They don’t care if you can pay your rent or not. They don’t care if you can afford gas to get to work. They simply do not care about anything regarding the employee’s life. They only care about their bottom line and maximizing profits while stealing as much from their employees as possible. They are the ones who created these problems for themselves and turn around and blame the workers and the government for the labor shortage. There is no labor shortage. There’s a pay shortage and it’s been going on since the early 70’s because wages have been stagnant since that time while the cost of living and bare necessities have increased triple digits during the same period. Their day of reckoning is coming and they’re going to wake up soon. Workers of the world unite, you have nothing to lose but your chains.
They quit because  of cov 19 and we have been working for people for years an they do t pay sh $& at all why go to work when you ant makeing  anything  I work 3 jobs no child support an I’m trying to pay alll of my bills on time an then u was told I can’t make no more then 32000 a year my food stamps are cut off I feel like I’m just working for them an not my self
I don’t know why this is such a surprise. Personally, I simply won’t comply to any of this Covid idiocy. No amount of money is worth it for me.
Luckily for me I'm not in the job market. I cashed out my 401k and now I'm gonna live my life the way it was meant to be lived. 👍👍👍👍👍 FUCCA 9 TO 5 .
If working doesn’t afford you a decent life if you can’t afford a decent car or a decent home if an employer doesn’t appreciate you or respect you 😐
It doesn't take a genius to know what happened. If you have your eyes open you know what's going on .
LAZY
Lack of good pay, lack of caring about mental and physical health problems and lack of respect from higher ups, managers and or the people that you are serving. These are reasons why people quit. I love hearing the customers complaining how nobody is working. You are part of the problem.
Yeah people quit because companies are being cheap and want you to work trippe 😂
FJB AND HIS SUPPORTERS
Biden and the democrats are the reason . Socialists have always rewarded the lazy and taxed the conscientious workers and family . It’s the same in the UK . Labour MPs in the UK are racists with a chip on their shoulders and are walking negative people who want to destroy the UK.
Slavery hasn't ended, the chains are just concealed. 🧿
People are tired of being  over worked,  treated like crap .     No suck pay, no vacation pay , no holiday pay even when you work them ..         People are fed up
And don't forget a sexual harassment
Ummm pAy workers enough to live off of
Most bosses talk to employees like their kids yelling and disrespecting them, not paying a living wage, not wanting to provide health care, retirement, paid leave, paid holidays, then they wonder why people don't want to work for them
I miss my job but Federal Regulations for my job say that I am disabled.  I was in the Transportation Industry which has rules and regulations other industries don't have.  If it wasn't for those regulations I'd still be working.
It seems the details are exasperating us all.
I'm evicting a man that can't par 650.   @ month because he won't work.  What is going on???
Biden's America..thanks Joe..
Quiters.....🙄  #Nation_of_Wimps
I quit my job in December 2021 after I paid off my debt I’ve since return to work but part time only. I no longer see the need to work myself to death over material things I value time off with my family now.
LinkedIn is trash
That’s why I work at fisheries around the world and crab boats during January to march ☺️ from fl to Alaska
As a healthcare employee...the money is what keeps me working right now. The "critical pay" has me at almost 6 figures ( what we should have been making to start with). So right now my fiancé and I have sold an expensive home and are in a cheap apartment while we both work and save up this enormous pay. Our next step? We are moving south and will work on our terms. Buy a small home outright and work to live....no longer live to work.
The Industry take advantage of employees and remove you off the contract with out pay to wait on a new contract forcing you to turn in your resignation so they don’t have to pay you unemployment.  This the new game they play with your life.
The pay and the outstanding rent prices etc it’s not adding up it’s ridiculous u will literally be working to just survive atp and that’s not life
"A man tries. He provides. But is surrounded by mouths that eat and scream and cry and nag. So he asks for one thing, just one thing for him, to warm him up, to take the sting out of those days and the mouths eating and eating and eating everything he makes, everything he has. A family. A wife, a kid. Those mouths eat time. They eat your days on Earth." - Jack Torrance -
It's like: You can't fire me...i quit!!!
Everyone thought "All I have to do is put all my money in Crypto and I'll be rich for life!". Now Crypto is nearly worthless and Ultra Maga people are nearly suicidal because they thought Democrats were stealing their money. China: "So Solly!" 🤭
TRUMP 2024!!!!!!!
Everyone is independently wealthy. They don’t have to work. They can pay mortgages, food and healthcare without a job!
People were quitting their jobs because they were making more on unemployment.
Younger people won't tolerate toxic af work environments nor will they tolerate poor pay. If you choose to still pay your employees 11$ an hour that's on you for not being able to keep employees and don't blame us for not choosing to work for crumbs anymore.  The end.
The jobs donr pay enough for people to live. They don't want you have a wage increase.
Also let's take some social responsbility for ourselves- it's not JUST the companies that make jobs miserable. I talk to people in the service and retail industries and I personally spent years in IT. On the customer end, people are often entitled, impatient, and rude. It's far worse that what I remember it 20 years ago. Don't make your own workplace or that of someone else, needlessly toxic. Your Amazon package being a day late or waiting in line a little longer at the supermarket are not the end of the world. You will survive, I promise.
The pandemic did not cause the people to leave the workforce, the government's reaction to it did.
Pay and they will come.
Also, career head hunter companies, have the largest growth in contract employees,  which most companies love because they don't have to pay the benefits.
It's the unemployment education program, that shifted employees to go to school. If your in school you need the flexible work schedule.  The last key, to worker need to return back to work, is people learned to live on less and payed of their debt, to get to levels they can afford for during the COVID-19 TIMES.
Americans got tired of living to work while Europeans work to live. The " American dream " is a joke.
It's all the bullsht in the workplace. People are sick of it. And the pay still isn't enough
It's true. The Pandemic really was an wake up call and major opportunity. Tired of conditions of living and work.
I was a young police officer, after being abused n dealing with corruption, I left. Now there's a huge shortage and I wouldn't go back to being a cop of the Chinese were attacking Omaha beach
Pay me decently. And they "offer" it but the time you get to the interview you find it was crock. And the "now hiring" is crock. Many do not actually call back
CEO say work hard like me, but not with the same pay.
They are quitting crappy jobs for better opportunities and more money.
benefit paying for long not good idea.
Only keep folk's down for so long
Because having a job is no longer beneficial to most people, people get tired of being treated like garbage and the pay often isn’t really worth the stress. I worked a job where I was making only minimum wage with no benefits. And nobody said thanks for all I did. Not one soul. The problem is there’s no regulation on what companies can and cannot do. Workers basically have no rights. If we want this to change we’re going to have to start treating people like people.
Not to worry as we slip into a recession, and the stock market continues its free falling into the basement. All those millies and Zers who were going to make it on the Texas Holdem tour, who then realized that wouldn't work. Then turned to gig work delivery pizza 2 hours a day, that wouldn't work now either with gas at $5 a gallon. Playing the stock market watching their picks soar everyday, nope that is over also. I know crypto currency that is a great investment, nope they are  heading not only for the basement they have hit zero. Soon they will be lined up 2 by 2 trying to get a job any job.
They wanna pay you so little, while gas prices and goods are skyrocketing
Why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs? Because they are tired of being treated like cattle 🐄 by companies the pandemic has shown people true colors and people see how life is very fragile and very very short the work force will destroy you and use you for profits and discard the human aspect of it like I said you are just cattle to them
hahaahhaaaha "PRE-PANDEMIC?"  HAHHAHAHAHABABABAHHABABBABABABABBABBAAHAHAHAHAHAH
Its spirit not flesh! Wake up you all!! Whether people realize it or not the spirit of Jesus is influencing this to shut Satan down and his corrupt system which is satanic government. Wake up sleeping beauties Jesus is almost here!!!
So let me get this straight if millions are quitting there jobs and millions died from covid, how could yall not figure out that some of them are deceased right?
People are making money selling on Ebay, Amazon, selling ads on Facebook, writing blogs, etc. New markets, new jobs.
I early retired from Raytheon in July of 2021 after being employed there for 35 years. I left because I couldn't stand how the company and the young college graduates were pure woke and me being a conservative, they wanted nothing to do with me. It's really sad how politics is separating people in such a nasty way.
Wife and I are planning on building a house and moving to Southeast Asia in near future to escape the rat race! We can live off $1,000-$1500 a month easily.. We are very fortunate to have military and VA pension. And retirement accounts. The stress and extra BS you have to deal with at a regular 9-5 job in the US, people are tired of it and burnt out! CEOs are making all the money, while everyone else gets way less! It’s not fair! Can’t wait to leave and enjoy retirement!
When you have time to think about your past work history and realize that most of the jobs were ruled by a catty supervisor and as a result, it was a toxic work environment, you begin to realize that it's not worth it in any way possible because times have changed and so have I-- be grateful I come to work, not the other way around and in a positive work environment, I'll gladly show up...  Positivity and feeling appreciated is what it's all about...  In every way possible 😊
Do the data discriminate separation from employment in all different categories, or just a formal Resignation or Quit situation???  There are persons getting laid off and they're glad and just never seek further employment, for example. There are nuances in these statistics.
A company put me through a 5 months interview process,  made me present 2 different topics PowerPoint presentations.  Eventually they ghosted me! Not an email to thank me for my time and efforts!😡🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
How do you live if you don’t work?
When companies shut the doors do to COVID people suffered great loss, not only a paycheck, but their homes, apartments,  and other shelter. The lesson is people are not dependent on companies anymore, they are depending on themselves, work for a company until you die is over.
I just quit my Silicon Valley job today. Never settle for a boss who doesn’t respect& appreciate you. It’s liberating.
Another reason for a sane immigration policy.
It's the transfer of Wealth
Working in customer service is becoming violent.
Cause they’re lazy and pathetic
This article if total bs!!!  I have 5.5 years of college in business with a 3.9 gpa in my specialist in finance.  So far i've only had to fill out 5400 job apps and not even a damn interview!!! And how did that woman afford to go to all those high-priced colleges?  I worked full-time stocking shelves on the midnight shift to get through college.  No one has ever given me  a damn thing!!!
Listen up, it’s the lack of respect, the expense of commute both time and money, the narcissistic people (not just the company but workers too), and simply put you absolutely cannot beat your own home environment to work in. End of story!
I've been mentally struggling lately. I'm wondering why I am so stupid as to work the best hours, during the best days in my life's prime years. Somehow my responsibility and hours go up and I'm forced to do it just to get by. In America it's always been considered honorable to throw your whole life away working. In tons of other places they get as much or more done with 32 to 35 hour work weeks. Go figure
People just want the government to support them (democrats)
We've been taken advantage of enough by Big Business hand in hand with the govmnt? I'm disgusted be this....I've always been a model employee...title promotion after promotion. Twice employee of the YEAR by two different companies.  I am farther away from owning a home...smh
Better pay but the cost of living still higher than them little 2-3 dollar pay raises 40 hour work week after taxes still isn’t enough for housing and living expenses especially if you have kids
Corruption of Corporations, an Governments an People are waking up from all the lies.
Big companies in America are investing their untaxed profits in partnering with Gov to build “affordable housing.” This is on top of record profits and corporations buying 1/3 of houses and inflating rent. These companies can afford to compete for the labor they want. I’m not the entitled one.
Where is all the demand coming from if people aren’t working?
Pay is low and younger people don't to work for low rages .
Thank god people don't want a American job. Simple as why give loyal work with no loyal employer. Stop
Leslie Stahl didn't believe Trump....
most did not resign they were laid off
It's all an illusion of BS that's been the same BS for generations.   The corporations and employers hold off with keeping wages up with inflation for decades until the proverbial pot boils over.  When the boil over comes, they increase wages as an incentive, while raising inflation, taxes just to come take it all back again.   The people are sick and tired of your BS!
Why should they work if you can't afford to pay for a roof over your head even when you work overtime
Orrrrrrrrr its people who are lazy and don’t want to work and get paid to sit at home. Living off the average tax payer
People are leaving because our political economic system does not respect workers’ rights and dignity!
I will tell you employers are NOT eager to hire. They literally don't want people over 50...ageism is alive and well
Many are quitting and refusing to work over forced vaccines...they want people vaccinated who do NOT want the jab.
4 jobs?! I have 2 and thought about getting a third. This is my confirmation 😇
Repeal all of the welfare programs and stop handing out the "free stuff". People will go back to work.
Fuggit  about it
Covid Silver Lining:  EMPLOYEES ARE IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT.....
Are all these people living in their parents basements?
The reason why most don't want to go back to work (besides pay and all that), is the stress levels. Folks are burnt out from working crazy hours to the point where they don't even have a life anymore. In addition, no one wants to work in a hostile environment either for less pay or work for employers that don't respect them. Often times, if folks quit their jobs, they have a reason and companies (large and small) have to realize that. Employees aren't just commodities on a Stock market platform, they're people.
The signs are up for decorations.
Working to live, not living to work!!
I've had jobs where my health and safety were jeopardized and management didn't care. The pandemic made me question if those jobs were worth it anymore. It prompted me to reevaluate my values and what I wanted to get out of my life. I chose a new job where I would be safe and my safety concerns would be listened to. I break even every month now since the pay is less than half of what I used to make, but it is worth it. I have quite a bit of savings from working at those other jobs, so I am taking a couple of years "off" by working this lower paying job.  I have never been happier. I now have the time and flexibility to go see my friends and family who are scattered across the country. I hope that those thinking negatively about millenials quitting their jobs consider that they may have been in a similar situation as me.
This is the Real Reason Jobs are so hard to Find South Carolina!! https://youtu.be/RT9L-U8jFoE
IT'S SIMPLY PAY AN TREATED EQUAL....If these Employers pay people a good wage to match the cost of living an most importantly create a stress free work place, proper training most an important Employee safety, Stop the Discrimination that is the biggest problem with alot of Employers, An take their Employees health an family matters into consideration, an show compassion for others an respect one another an not expect more out of them otherwise not over work them we are all human not machines or robots the work force really needs to be revamped.
It's now May 2022. Has anything changed? Sadly, it probably didn't.
It's a pay issue.  Wages have been stagnant for years.
I understand when the pandemic hit I just went on an Retired and I have never regretted it.
Always stinking deceivers at 60 minutes. You base a bulk of your report here off of Linkedin....  You idiots, the majority of the people quitting  (even according to your own report here) are not people who are even participants with Linkedin. How stupid, (or deliberately) deceptive you data-twisters are.  Interviewing personnel from Linkedin, to  discuss the bulk of the national segment of people quitting their jobs, is like asking another idiot like yourselves, Bill Gates, to discuss why low socio~economic individuals are opting out of Wallstreet journal  subscriptions.  Stupid idiots.  It's very obvious that you are deliberately avoiding interviewing the very people doing the quitting. And why?  Because info-distorters, like you, can't call a spade a spade.  You can't tell what the real reasons are....  Like abuse from the government, and stupid government mandates, as well as boss abuse---  all in numerous forms: from financial abuses--- to unreasonable demands--- to unfairness of all kinds--- to all kinds of physical-related abuses.  Add in there, the corrupt psychos that run the government take more and more from people, and then turn around and  misuse, abuse, and criminally use all the excessive money they (steal) from people.  And on the other side, the  corrupt psychos that run the government have allowed proper~functioning capitalism to get so corrupt and out-of- control--- such that wages and product costs are unsustainable, damaging, discouraging, and society threatening. That's why people quit, you idiots.  *Because the equally Idotic Thing that designed this stinking world gave us no REAL way to reign~in the corrupt monsters that control everything*. Boom! There's the reason, idiots at 60 minutes.
Technology technology technology! You can work from home on a computer now and less hours same pay or more!
Because they are lazy pieces of excrement they have no pride no self-respect they want to lay around and let someone else take care of them it's freaking disgusting
You know in Italy and other countries..they get paid vacations etc... ive never had that in america. Sad.
Honestly this gen doesn’t want to lay bricks or do retail.
Work for yourself,  then maybe you can love your boss.
well here in Los Angeles California I cannot get a job because I am white and I am the minoritythey would rather hire their own people than hire a white manwhat the f*** is up with all this racism saying white people are racist all other races are racist as well I'm not racist but I get pinpointed and I can't get a job because the color of my skin it's not fair
I'm tired of working for people and making them rich, if somebody wants to share with me, I'll make the pie bigger, if not' I'll just take my cherries and go home.
Slavery was never abolished in America, it only evolved.
Another propaganda piece talking about nothing about the strange phenomenon.
We the people
Congrats to everyone that have followed their Bliss and changed their tide for the better
My boss threatened to write me up over forgetting my name tag.   Which in boss speak translates to "if you do this two more times your fired"  I responded with  "Bye, handle the rest of the shift by yourself"  Never came back, went back to school, no regrets. Will most likely get a weekend job to help me pay rent in the mean time.   (if you're wondering how i'm able to do this, it's for I made sure to save a proper amount of money while working to make sure I could do this)  Boss's need to realize if you want to pay only the bare minimum you are going to only receive the bare minimum.
03:57 Interesting.  And with that doubling of revenue, what kind of increased benefits/pay/work-life balance did your employees see?
I apply everyware no one calls me. Other than trucking companies. Been ball and chained to trucks 12 years
I’ve worked since I was 17 I’m 63 now  Why am I stopping work I’m tired  I’ll get $1575 a month on social security retirement  I’m selling my home and car Buying a van and quitting society  28 days and a wake up
Hilarious that AOC touts people have 2-3 jobs just to make barely a living. But then these people are saying they don't need to even work or can just sit at home until they find something better. If all these people were as AOC said, these would be homeless. Flavor of the week. What sells a story or funds a personal interest
Probably the fact that they see the elites making millions and spending millions on bs.  25 percent of my pay seems to go to garbage and overseas. Infrastructure bill?  What have our taxes been going to for the last 60 years?
They are completely right about the flexibility part. I have learned that I have to demand what I need. I now have a schedule that works around my life and I love it.
My husband was part of “the big quit.” He left his job of 20 years because he got tired of the bull. He has a much better job now!
I got turned down for an Assistant Director position at a Pre-K, last week because I had too much education and experience; they told me they "didn't want to insult" me with the offer, and then have me leave when I found a better job. I've been out of a classroom for two years.  What she didn't understand is 1) I don't want her job, and 2) I didn't apply for the job. SHE found my resume and called ME.  I've been an admin, exec director, floor manager, production manager. I believe the issue was I could do the manager's job.  I don't want to believe that I showed up to the interview and she realized I was a Black woman.
I've had enough of low pay ( single digit yearly pay increase) and no opportunity for advancement. I'm going to quit my current job in 8 months and counting.....
They want to know why people are quitting, so they ask the employers? Seriously?  Also, if you have reas Atlas Shrugged, the big industrialists quit to show how important they are.   But the reality is that it's the front line workers that are the important ones.
The abuse is astronomical, pay not enough.  Why are some asking, why is this happening?
People are over taxed over worked and the liberals are giving money and EBT to the lazy and the younger generation think they are worth a million dollars just because
First of let's address bi weekly pay, to me not realistic.  Being paid twice or three times a month. Then the pay 10$-15 hr. Not decent for American living. Economy rising.
After 32 years in Corrections, I retired 4 years ago at age 56. It felt like I was on welfare. I immediately got a job at a major retailer in the plumbing department. It felt great. To my surprise, many of my much younger coworkers quit, and do nothing or very little, nearly every week. They are young adults living with parents who are not able, or unwilling, to motivate their adult children into becoming self-reliant adults. At 18, nearly 42 years ago, I never had many options. I can still remember my dad telling me, "Son, you got three choices: the military, the local junior college, or get a job. If you want to live at home and get a job, you'll be paying room and board." My dad was a child of the Depression....best father I could have ever asked for.
Finding a job that treats you good and wont take advantage of you in rare. Very rare
So where I currently work quite a few older people retired early because of the pandemic. The company kept making cuts everywhere and people said it wasn’t worth it. That’s where we lost our best help.   I have been looking for work the past 6 months or so and it’s a joke. Remote work in LinkedIn and Indeed are a lot of scams. The 3-5 actual job interviews after filing out almost 100 apps were a waste of time. I had recruiters interview me and half way through the interview I realized I am not even really qualified. Lol then I had a job offer me $15/hr… they wanted someone with a bachelors and 3 years experience. I have an associates and 7 years experience. I kind of chuckled when they gave me an offer because our local McDonald’s offer $14/hr with no skills required lol. The other job I applied to was a low paying salary and it seemed like I would have to work 50 hours a week or more and be on call. Not an option for me at this time.   Honestly it makes sense they are loosing mothers. I am a single mom and it’s hard when the daycare closes or we get sick, on top of that it’s expensive to send them. If I had a better support system I would stay home and tend my family.   Our whole country is a mess.
In the restaurant industry the pay is still redicklusly low and they depend on tips to make up the difference but some restaurants say to split the tips among all staff thats not fair to the wait staff who did their best customer service to receive the tip so if your receiving tips the hourly pay is $2.13 this is one reason they walk away it should be $8.00,$10.00,$12.00 per hour plus tips to the waite staff
The pay are up to date. Everything is double, but pay are the same. Working poor.
It strikes me that as village community and rural life was replaced with city dweller and suburban life dissatisfaction with life became a real thing. In many respects working from home and flexible hours and days is restoring to some degree village community life.
1 Minute: the pay is not matching inflation
2400$ monthly, is pre tax minimum wage…. the law allows rent to go as high as blackstone sets it.  But raising minimum wage requires an act of Congress…..antitrust violations are the real problem….stop allowing China,bill gates,Airbnb,blackstone to force us to the streets.  Do something helpful o’bidn…anything..
I worked for taco bell for about 8 years. I ended as an assistant manager. I loved what I did, but I was doing other managers jobs, and wanting to run my own store. They never gave me the chance. I thought I was making good money,.but one day I sat down and averaged out my salary to a little over ten dollars an hour!  They ended up letting me go over a sixteen year old girl who was yelling about not getting a cigarette break (underage), and lied to them saying I was cussing her out. She had been there less than a month. She probably lasted one more month, if they were lucky. I work at a factory now. The pay is way better, good insurance, plus, I don't have to deal with any customers or coworkers bs.I plan on starting my own business one day. They are sending me to school and I will use that once I have fulfilled my time here. Good luck to all. Don't be a robot! Do what you love! It takes hard work and sacrifice, but it can be done. Stick with it! Rome wasn't built in a day...p.s. taco bell has tried to get me to come back haha fts
Control/ Manipulation of companies and its about time all the changes are taking place “We the People” want Our freedom back”  stop telling us what WE need. The school systems are way back in the times of the children! The children are smarter now, teachers, schools, are way way behind in growth. Everything has Changed except Governments, corporations, healthcare, styles of life Change!
BECAUSE THEY DO NOT WANT TO WORK ANYMORE. YEAH; YOUR NO. 1, KEEP TELLING YOURSELF THAT.
Demorats are giving out handouts, So why work??
Could it also be a travel problem? long hours in traffic or lack of alternative means of travel like public transportation. When paired with remote work you can save time to do other thing then waiting in carlines.
This is why all forms of labor should unionize now for once we are in control
“Workers are being very choosy” really b*tch I applied to every job in my town mind you I’m a college student and none of them decided to hire me
Employers want slaves not workers
Employers are bull shitting there employees they act in bad Faith
I work at my job for 35 years, looking to retire in 3  years! The only job I had, 6 years in the Army. I never lost work due to covid! A lot less traffic, so I thought ..this is easy peasy ..driving to WORK faster. Americans work HARD, have to work 2 jobs, you're away from your kids, because you have to work another shift. I laughed when i saw the Help Wanted signs lol  I use my alarm clock to wake up still, happy healthy! :) "Employees are in the driving seat"!!  I'm so proud of this unique set of people, thinking outside the box! Be safe!
Employees are meat and employers are wolves
I lost all respect for 60 mins after her disgustingly disrespectful interview with President Trump
I would rather be homeless than work another "job" ever again.  And its NOT because im lazy.  Its because the workplace is a inhuman environment that has no respect for human needs.
More money better benefits problem solve
Cost of living can’t even buy a house A basic house is like 300 or 500
How timely this appeared in my feed today. On the news here in omaha tonight they announced that one high school in the omaha school district will have 40 teachers leaving at the end of this year. I do not see employers having the upper hand for many years to come.
Has 60mins looked into the large rise of immigrant asylum seekers as a potential source pool of workers for these unfilled job openings?   Why not facilitate job permits for d many seeking jobs & then hire them? For example many from Venezuela r college educated & not being used.  Others would jump on those constructions & restaurants jobs.
We are tired of employers thinking we are just numbers that they can replace us with cheaper labor and work us to death with little pay! My dad worked at caterpillar from 1979-1989 he made 17 a hour there still paying the same wage and less benefits in 2022 when the cost of living has increased by 200% that’s why we quit! Also in IL it’s a at will work environment here so they can fire you for nothing that’s a problem.
The state needs to stop enabling all these lazy bums that don't want to work . Expecting everyone to take care of them with our taxes!!!!
Geez I wonder why people don't want to stay in "for profit" Healthcare?  You don't need a degree from Oxford to figure this one out!
Women are not coming back because they want to raise their kids which is good to see
Pandemic never shut things down the government did
Burnt out from the covid vacation ?!!  Young people are demanding more money from entry level positions get over isn’t gonna happen.
Work is not a way of life.  We have to live but the "I am my job" approach is horrible.
Just let immigrants do the jobs. As long as they pay taxes they can have this place.
I figured out this 40years ago. Employers exploit and use people. Hence the word ploy, a dirty trick.
How do they pay their bills?
she prolly homeless now. those companies moved on and ...she jobless
Boomers complained that young people should find a better job outside the fast food restaurant, now they’re complaining that no one wants to work there since remote work has made workers remain at home. 🤣
It's a simple solution : Employers: "get off your wallets" and increase the pay if you really want employees. Quit blaming the employee for not choosing your job if you choose not.
People tired of dead in jobs working hard all there life  just to have medical problems at retirement time.Never ever enjoying life
because we're tired of working while lazy people and illegals sit in a free home and get free food,nope,just tired............
They can hire all aliens Biden is letting into our country so they don't steal or rob us
My pay raise was 3% this year and inflation is running 10% - and I hustle my rear-end off at work! Can’t wait to send the email telling them my a$$ is out of here in two weeks and NO I am not interested in staying on a bit longer to train my replacement……👋
Baby Boomers retiring early? How old do you want them to be for crying out loud before they retire? 90 years old or maybe a hundred? Give me a break
The problem is the employers with the big head craving power and control and sex
The logistics company I work for came in all the departments and cut half the staff. Employees didn't quit here.  I definitely agree that companies are not paying enough. My rent will be going up $300 more per month. I cannot afford this on what I get paid currently. Retirement might come early even though I want to work.
Does America give also a rest job? I won't mind of course only for 60 minutes.Not more .
What an idiot smile on her face as the nation is struggling to make it
Sinking ship
So, now they're homeless or living with friends/ family? Perfect. 😏
Keep giving money out.
Because these companies aren't paying enough yet these CEOS are Billionaires.
Government is Not checking unemployment claims.  CBS is trying to make Biden look good.  I'm not buying it!
i quite in 2019. no urgency to get a job. love my life. sorry
I love to see it!
I’m from Greenville SC I was so shocked they started talking about it but after it went on a bit I wasn’t surprised because it’s true that there’s in insane amount of people moving here I’ve been noticing it for the past couple years
I believe Everyone deserves a break from toxic work environment not good for your health.
Profit sharing will get workers returning instead of continuing to funnel all wealth to the top
Good for mothers staying home. They should! Children are better for it. Brainwashed, job driven women have found that it's much better for the entire family & her own health & sanity to stay at home.
And none of those jobs have full health or dental and none of those jobs have flexibility for people with kids and health issues. Jeff bezos is at a third of his true efficient potential output.  Not me tho I’m ahead of the curve.
It’s called America doesn’t pay anywhere near the current cost of living at all. We live in the worst country in the world at the moment. My landscaper has moved back to Guatemala and says he’s not sure if he is coming back, he said a lot of the other guys and girls from South America are also leaving bc and his words in Spanish Paquito deniro. It’s a sad day when the Guatemalans leave.
Not enough immigrants  Americans are lazy
Raise the wages or change the minimum wage and we will MAYBE be back . When I need a 22 an hour job to pay for my life and I’m being offered as little as 4.50 an hour for a basic food service job, I’ll see myself out . I’ll be honest, these corporate companies deserve this I’m so happy they’re losing money :)   I’m tired of the greed so this is the biggest karma we can give them.   play stupid games and win stupid prizes   POWER TO THE PEOPLE 💪🏼
Let’s add the fact that employers really aren’t hiring. You apply to a hundred places and only get a handful of call backs if even
She said there’s still millions of women out of work, no there on only fans
There tired of getting bullied and treated like they are expendable....so they said kiss 💋 my twist..and let's see who needs who..That forced shot was the last draw. And was an epi. Fail ,ma y great employees were lost forever. ,.my job been losing folk weekly .
People quitting jobs, rents are at an all-time high, high inflation and possible stagnation, Russia, China, _and_ North Korea are all flexing their nuclear muscles, Saudi Arabia might ruin the US petro-dollar ,climate is changing for the worse, the marriage rates are the lowest its ever been. Yean, the future's so bright you have to wear a hazmat suit.
pay is the biggest problem    and woekloads too heavy  for  measly pay
Joe bidumb is the reason.he willblme it on someone else
They're leaving because of Biden.
Its because jobs suck they don’t pay well and they back breaking. Also the lazy CEOS get all the big money and don’t do anything.
You wished you had 58000 views more liks 580 losers !!!!!
My co worker ,and friend quit his job of 17 years,making 36 dollars an hour to sit at home,he has 4 rental houses and lives off that income. I was sad to see him go.
I knew this was coming.....I'm not gonna say, but I have a strong idea where this is coming from. Next up... 60 minutes on the unprecedented rise in crime.
This is a game of tug of war
Media like yours is a good place to start.  Keep lying and race hustling. Quit trying to elect presidents.
Why do you think homeless people don’t even want to work ? Lol
Self employment is better . Just save money every week. Retirement isn’t worth it in this generation if we’re dying @ a young age because of mental stress
The oval office is short an employee
Because everyone wants to be a YT star!
Management in factories and big stores like Meijer are out of control.  Crazy people.   🤪   it's not the job it's Management.
When you constantly tell people how bad they have it, sooner or later they'll believe it.  'Taking a break' is BS.  Get off your self-serving butts and get to work.  It's amazing how much I found I could accomplish when I stopped listening to the bleeding heart crap.  No one owes you anything!
People are tired!
I cannot believe what I am listening to !  If an “Employer” gives into the “Employee Demands” (as I see it) then Americans really are out of control not understanding who “ Is the Boss here”!!!  Who is the one Offering you employment ?   Who is the one that worked probably over a 40hr week in order to make something worthwhile with the opportunities in our country ?  Who is the one that is a Proud, Hardworking and Established …The Employer !
Middle income is no longer 70 thousand a year . Middle income is 110 thousand a year ( that's the bottom of middle income  ) people are use to thinking making 100 thousand a year is a lot . It's not a lot anymore. You're actually at poverty level.
People are more smarter than over their started to invest on themselves ✊🏽✊🏽
These are the two generations who were raised to...JUST SHOW UP!!! NO work ethics, just show up and you're rewarded!!!! This is the direct result of that trend!!!
WHY??? BECAUSE BIDEN HAS PAID THEM NOT TO WORK!!!! WHY WORK... WHEN YOU'RE PAID MORE BY THE GOVERNMENT TO DO NOTHING!!!!! RIGHT UP THE PAST TWO GENERATIONS ALLEYS... LET'S GO BRANDON!!!
Why would ppl work when they're not appreciated and under paid let's not forget bullied since work places encourage the clique culture. We're not paid enough to give a damn🙂
We're sick of your bowlshit wages we can't live on  we're tired of killing ourselves
My job has great pay and benefits but all the managers amd supervisors are so rude and disrespectful.
When the pay doesn’t match rent. Why bother
I work at the post office they can't keep anyone more then 1 year because you have to work Sunday to Sunday.  You get one day off. Why would anyone want to work so much hours. You can't even have a day off. When I do get a day off I'm basically tired as horse. I'm two second from quiting
Bad Managers is one reason.
People just too lazy to work.
What we need is more pay & less hours,  6 hrs a day, for 5 days & 40 hrs pay
I just quit my job last week... Enough is enough
People are lazy as F, that’s the problem.
welfare checks plus inflation with stagnant wages
You gotta have a lawyer on retainer to work these days!
The pay offered still can't buy you a house or food.  I believe Covid and mandates were a contributing factor (even though it's an uncomfortable subject), not everyone felt they wanted to risk their health for whatever the reason!
GOTTA LOVE THE CACKELING KAMALA CHICK.
What about retired people who get punished for working.
60 minutes is a corporate propaganda vessel.
Are these people stupid?
Corporate America could pay every employee 50 dollars a hour with all the bonuses and unbelievable salaries of executives.
Melissa’s baby is adorable 🥰
They are also not admitting that people my age, which is 58 are getting hit hard too.  We get absolutely nothing, and have to fight just to get a low paying job.  I have no objection in helping families but they pass over my generation constantly.
20,000,000 people died
Hahahahaha because the companies are actually trash and rely on exploitation. Just another day in surveillance state in united China. Terrible for most of the majority of companies. Make it terrible for almost everything and so the employees will turn on each other to keep the real issues at bay.
'Muricans are...  L A Z Y
we have 2 corrupt parties that dont care. corporate America ruined America!
It's not better pay fool. Inflation is crushing this country. This medias apologetics is dumbfounding. We are suffering under this administration.
This system is over your damn near work until you die and the Rich stay rich everybody quit !!!!!!!!!! What can happen force them to start a new system!
I can't understand this type of thing. If I don't work, my bills don't get paid. Everyone HAS to work to have an income. Unless they find a scam or they were born rich.
Delete the truth to cover up the truth.
This high cost of living is a plan to force people to leave a 9 to 5 job to be at home working on a computer so these small business can close down to open more Corporate offices.The system wants a in home business so everything be run by computers and Iphones so the dollar will crash and usher in a e-commerce currency to control and monitor what been bought or sold by people.Then when that happens you are in trouble with your freedom and rights because now the system has you trapped and locked in to enforce stricken laws.And if you don't comply to there rules they can cut you off your digital finances with a push of a button and you'll lose everything.Everything is headed for Absolute power control.If you try to fight with Protesting! It's able to financially cut you off with there global ONE banking system! It don't care! ROBOTS! and it's Controller is Gov.
High cost of living! Rent $1,500 to $4,200, food $700 to $900 monthly, Gas $98 only 20gal for 4 days to drive , clothing $400 car insurance $60-$120monthly Maintenance on car $120 every 6 months, Replace Tires $60 each.$15hr job monthly 36hrs x4wks 144hrs=$2,100 one person, 2 people $4,200 to $4,500 Cell phone bill $35 to $200 a month. not enough to live on.
Workers are taking control. Now employers are having to accommodate employees. Yay!
I’m always so impressed with how complicated the media and LinkedIn influencers make this lol.  If you had a job in a hostile work environment that didn’t pay you enough to even cover the cost of the childcare + transportation so you CAN work - why WOULD you? 😵‍💫 That’s not even factoring in HEALTHCARE. This isn’t complicated.
problem is corporate America doesn't respect the employees... they have took everything from you when you retire... all you got will be your 401k savings... and then you will have to penny pitch to survive till you die... I think it's disrespectful that a person will give a company all their life from 18 till 65 and afterwards the company doesn't even give them free benefits... pathetic...
For a middle class American.  I would love if we didn't have to work as much
And its still happening. Then people look odd after people go on rampages or flash theft.  why quit? stupid boss, disrespectful coworkers, overworked with less pay, etc.
60 Minutes fake news 60 Minutes what they have done to Donald Trump is disgusting
I guess that we should be grateful for wages one can't live on and be treated like trash whilst working long hours in toxic work environments. I'm happier living in my car at this point
i just want to know how all these people pay their bills and buy food without working. That is the most amazing thing to me.I don't see this as long term because they have to run out of funds and lose their savings plus sell everything they own.
Employers that do not show respect for their employees are losing.
The problem is managerial roles like to treat employees like the company owns them. Some are naive enough to believe it but others have broken away from the "Matrix" and realize they do not own us. Our precious time is worth more than a company's profit.
…..why bother working in a job when you cannot afford health care or even a studio or one bedroom apt ?….why bother ?
I almost quit my job due to force vaccination. Right now it is paused at my job and makes me feel insecure for the future. I don't like to be threaten to lose my job over a stupid vaccine. I am thinking of looking to do something different. Who know's, I might retire early and live in a different country.
I can tell you why this is a problem in ONE WORD-government!!
I currently work at shoprite those Jackles claim they couldn't afford to give us our Bonesses this year but they could fork out thousands to pay an expensive artist to paint a mural. Plus we work for chump change starting at $9 something  with $1 raise a year.
Housing, food etc... Is ridiculous. The government gets rich and the poor loose it all.
I quit my job , yes perfectly capable decided to let the government pay me .. The fishing is great .
Benefits can only go so far, how are these unemployed people paying their bills?   Saved money is going to run out sooner then one thinks.
WHO WANT'S TO WORK FOR PEANUTS THIS IS THE PROBLEM THE HIGH COST YOU HAVE TO PAY TO HAVE A JOB. THEN YOU ARE TAXED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, STATE, COUNTY, CITY GOVERNMENT IT DOES NOT LEAVE VERY MUCH LEFTOVER TO LIVE ON PAYDAY TO PAYDAY WHO WANTS TO LIVE LIKE THIS WITHOUT A LIFE.
I feel like its a work life balance  and people realize we just work 24/7, so being able to have options for weekly hours ect would probably help the companys alot.
Mandates were a huge reason in the medical field
How did better pay when when  USA has inflation if you're not making like 6% more and your paycheck pre-pandemic you're actually losing money pre-pandemic you make in Inland Empire California 13 bucks an hour security , groceries job Etc if you're not making a lease 1950 20 to $21 an hour you're actually losing money  better offer pre-pandemic for 13. 14  bucks an hour
Pay workers more
maybe its time these companies really look at what working for them means
Employers rob you of your life and personal identity and they don't pay enough.
Working from home is It. No workplace hostility, no politics, no heated fish in the microwave, and getting 1 month to the gallon. 🤌🏽
“Not enough workers”…not true, we all know that there are “workers” but they are only getting paid Pennies while the CEOs are frolicking on the beaches in Greece
All of them are in WELFARE............
Alot of people did them PPP loan and started small business. And lived off edd with that extra pandemic money. That's what happens
It's really why are people switching jobs, not quitting.  Although the latter gets more views.  I mean the unemployment rate is 3.6%  It's one of the lowest on record.  Right...  that figure only accounts for people looking for jobs and can't find any and that it doesn't account for people who have been waiting all their lives for this very moment to experience high inflation without a job.
If you go back to basics, you will findout that you don't need much to live...stop buying cheap crap that takes space and collects dust and some are paying extra storage...i quit my job because i got tire of being yell by the customers (worked in a grocery store),  i took a 6 mos vacation and when i was ready, started looking for a job it was on my own terms and one day at a time, I found a job with a better pay, way less work, less stress, now my blood pressure is low, I eat better (lots of legumes) my favorite is lentils with spinach and a nice salad and some rice and it is under 10 dollars for a family of 4 and it is good for 2 days meal...now I am more interested in painting my house, fixing stuff in the house, growing my own vegetables, and I have tons of stuff to sell...so all is good..PANDEMIC CAN GO TO HELL...I BEAT COVID WITH LOTS OF FRESH GINGER...
"We wondered how there could be so many open jobs, when nearly every employer seems to be offering better pay, benefits, and even signing bonuses." — What data do you have to back up this claim at :14 ?
If companies would stop their long hiring process, it would help. It is an employee's market. I used my own pennies to survive. The government gave me nothing.....
A pay rate should be based on what you have to offer to an employer. If education meats the requirement, then you should have a chance. How a lot of those emigrants don't have the basic education what kind of pay rate should an employer support. It is up to the employee to provide the qualification required to the apply position. Pay rate cannot be based on the market monetarily demand. Most of the time all consumer will absorbed the cost.
Many people are leaving their well paying jobs due to lack of advancements and the stress of it all. This is evident with customer service based jobs where the pay and the schedule are not worth the disrespect they receive
Pay more quit being greedy a$$holes
Supply and demand is a 2 way street.... when it comes to the consumer market, supply and demand is king, when it comes to labor it isnt? Thats not how this works. Skills does not dictate pay, demand does. If you have skills that are not in demand, its worthless. If the demand for a hamburger flipper is high, he has to make more or you cry about no one wanting to work. Its really not complicated to understand.
There are multiple reasons, because inflation has risen so much higher people don't want to work extra hours or a second job to afford the finer things. People in their 20s and 30s never really had to do that extra bit to get what they wanted now they live in the world that they think owes them. If you want it work harder for it you aren't entitled to anything except what you earn.
OMG I love taking hot showers and warm bed💯
Illegal aliens 👽 problem solved 🙄
If the cost of living continuously increases eventually people stop being able to afford it. There's not enough high paying jobs for Everyone to get so they can afford rent increasing so people get priced out and then they head for greener pastures or at least a more survivable environment.
They want the Democrats to support them. . That's why they voted Democrat !
stop that unemployment government financial assistance and i bet you all these lazy a$$ mf will scramble finding a job
Per capita income in SC is $30k with almost a 20% poverty rate.
What benefits?? There is not any benefits to receive not in my state anyway,, and child care cost more then a paycheck geez even 2 jobs do not pay rent or mortgage just as if it is not what u know it is whom you know in both employment and housing..
These companies think never going home is normal people are burned out theres not enough work life balance
Maybe the govt. should stop paying out our tax dollars to keep people at home!
Because what receive for our labor has less than 3% purchasing power. The dollar isn’t worth it anymore.
I want to workkkkk but i have been pushed out of jobs last couple of years is the hardest
I own some companies and I see a vast amount of lazy behavior in new hires coming off the unemployment pay but they want hired pay. Not worth it
The world is difficult. Such it up and go work. Work. You don't work, you don't eat... simple. Go work
It's because people are paid to do nothing
What a year, people will be begging for work.
Let's stop criticizing the small business growing their fledling companies, they have to pay their employee a little less in order to re invest it into the company and create some sense of job security.  Those large corporations where all they care about is raising stake holder value and nothing else.  Therefore caring only about your donors and not the employees and customers
We want less hours and more pay so we can spend time with our loved one's we only have so much time to spend with theme are lives are short but we want to live theme my generation will retire at 72 if at all so we should at least have the time to live we will work but we won't work to die we work to live
Corporate greed- that is what is happening!!
Yeah that’s why they need to give jobs to illegal immigrants ;
People want more money and respect. People are treated like trash on a daily basis
People quit their jobs because they woke up during lockdown and realized how much they were being abused and overworked and weren’t bringing in liveable wages. Next time interview who actually resigned and were working meaningless jobs.
Why??? Because employers dosnt care about their workforce anymore...
because were tired of being slaves. only paid enough to keep you struggling and needing to come back. that aint living, its slaving. giving the majority of our lives away for what?? more "things"...... none of that coming with us when we die, none of that cures depression, fixes broken families. and it wont get the time lost back
Remove women from the workforce.  This isn't sexist, this helps children be raised and mothers and fathers not pay so much for baby sitting. It makes a better life for the child and parents.  Women can make a lot of money, no problem, but because women entered the workforce the companies wanted to pay half because you only needed half to live the same life you could.  They didn't let women work because they wanted to.  The huge white men let women work because they saw 50% more profits almost instantly.  For almost all industries. Women used to work even when they weren't really allowed, but they would do typical women things like babysitting, calls for their husbands business while taking care of the kids, dog walking, cutting hair for children( only women really did that), anything to do with children women still did it. They wanted women to work the jobs that men were working in, like manufacturing,  metal work but women didn't want to. After a while the white men didn't care what women did to a certain extent. Lower jobs that usually paid less, but at the same time women choose them.   Today, it takes 3 minimum wage workers to afford 1 place and still be frugal.
Why work? Housing is unachievable, you can't afford to get sick, you can't afford rent, you can't afford a car and there is limited public transport that doesn't serve any city properly. You can't join a union, you can't ask for more money, you can't take sick leave, you can't take a holiday, you just work work work work for $7 an hour and pay 40% in tax while a billionaire makes $900,000 per day and pays $0 tax.  Why work? Why bother? Corporate just wants everything for free
If you can financially retire early, do so.   It’s not worth the stress, and headaches.   Also, your retirements allow the younger generation to take your positions.
A report just came out about companies price gouging and making record profits. If they're making record profits then what "cost" are they passing on to the consumer? How is it possible company profits are higher now with supply chain issues than profits made in 2019?
Workplace office culture can be so toxic. People are not loyal to toxic, you will chase a environment that is better for your health. I also believe employers like high turnover and intentionally create a churn and burn operation.💩
Cut the government funding for people to stay home, don't extend any help & cut the existing inflow of printed money! Instead of devaluing the $ which punishes the people who save money, cut the money supply so people will stop whining, and go to work. Of course, once the music stops all this will be charged mostly to the middle class and not the billionaires. But no, you want to sell the savior fairy tail story - for votes. Crisis is not selling, lets kick this can further down the road and bring the whole world eventually to collapse.
If you can believe it
The elephant in the room are the FAKE NEWS VEX AND MASKS which science is showing that this narrative is fabricated. People are prepared to stand up for civil liberties.
I have an idea, if the goverment will pay you not to work, free stuff from the govement, free rent, free home heating, free food etc. Free cash, more unemployment than they can get working. To many lazy people. Get rid of all the freebies from the goverment and people get hungry they will go back to work.
Inflation is here. Good luck with not going to work. Thank Joe Biden.
Why are Americans quitting there jobs ?  Cause 4k a month in bills @ $16hr is the American dream !
It doesn't matter if pay rate rises.. we're still going to pay top tax and eventually everything goes up
No body  believes in the American Dream any more..all amer do is work n Pay till u die..
The epiphany for me came 2 years after the pandemic my employer (a large multinational corporation) made millions in annual profits yet wages remained stagnant, expectations kept being pushed more and more, workloads got heavier, and hours kept getting cut so more work would fall on less people. I kept asking myself "Where is all of this money and profits going?" AND the work culture became increasingly toxic. Leaving was hard yet gave me so much relief and I began to realize I could do so much better for myself.
Thats not true, target, Burger King etc has hiring signs and when I applied, I was never called. I applied multiple times and still no calls. I even asked managers why the hiring signs if your not hiring and got no answer
I quitt my job because  I  was doing the work  that 3 people  should  have been  doing.  The harder I  worked the worse I  was treated. I didn't  have time to su k up to managers. Pay was not worth physical  and mental  demands.and management  and owners  don't  care about  anything  but more money  for themselves
Wages aren't keeping pace with inflation. Winning lottery required to retire w/ 👪.
One single answer that most employee Mrs don’t understand or don’t want to admit is the reason why employers treated their employees like trash. Now, they wondered why employees don’t want to work for them.
This country showed what they really think of their workers just by using the words essential and nonessential workers and these companies didn't do it with any compassion and it showed people how they are really viewed
This is really an example of the why .. She sees the numbers not the real life results of working for so many of these companies and then they talk to owners not the actual people that are choosing not to work . this country as a whole have abused the working class for decades .. Profits over people
Well Biden's labor secretary told people(a year ago)  not to get jobs because wages were too low.  And when asked about high gas prices....BEFORE BIDEN'S WAR IN UKRAINE(no war when Trump was President, just peace in Ukraine) Biden's transportation Sec'y told Americans to "forget gas and buy an electric car".
Americans are finally waking up instead of being just a number
People are tired of being working slaves for low pay there are better ways to make more money if they find a way to work for themselves
Poor baby not respected whaaaa
Because companies number one won't let you work enough to make a living they don't want to pay benefits they're all a bunch of crap companies now thank you government for destroying America
I didn't quit. I retired early. It was a good job but too much 🐂💩, head games, incompetent supervisors and managers, turmoil amongst management and the ranks of employees, management didn't care about their employees but did whatever it took to shut the mouth of those complaining because employee complaints can halt management's advancement up the chain, management pitted against each other, employees pitted against each other, racial groups against each other, racist employees not dealt with, sexist management promoting unqualified females, safety violations not dealt with, covid rules not followed or enforced, and on and on and on....... It hadn't been a safe place to work in about the last 5 years I was there. Covid made it much worse. Surprisingly disgruntled employees or management, and there were plenty of them, didn't come into work and shoot up the place. Glad I'm out. No regrets. I do what I want now.
CDC when is enough scaring people
You're wrong. It's an employer problem. No employee job protections.  No employee ownership.  Covid-19 employer mandate stress. No government regulations protecting employees from abusive employers.
Power to the people
Employers trying to lure potential or would be employees sign in bonuses to work for them as an incentive, but how about taking care of their employees now who are working.  Please do not give the reason of " well current employees have jobs don't they?"  How about the people who stayed? Don't they at least be considered first to get raises or bonuses for staying put?" That's the problem with employers. They only greatly appreciate you as a valued employee once you decided to quit and now they are forcibly throwing money at you for you to stay.  It is the same logic when your significant other (long time living in partner) have had it with you and finally gave you an ultimatum.  Marry her or she is leaving. It is never a good thing when someone gives you an ultimatum. 😭
If y'all not paying $40+ an hour you can shove your business up your a**
Most jobs don't pay living wages. You are twisting the facts. What you should be pointing out is that over 60% of the US workforce earn less than $40k per year. Please tell the whole truth.
I was going to work for $9/hr and paying the babysitter $10hr.
Let's be honest.  Why work when the government pays me to stay home and play World of Warcraft? IT'S NOT HARD TO FIGURE OUT!! The next stop is reparation payments.  I do believe that I qualify. Thank you fellow wokies !!!
No wonder. I've been on disability for 7 years from all the work related stresses and abuses.
got no time or energy for walks? just watch some screen and get some sleep. you've work in the morning
because jobs are hateful and life stealing and people are sick of living to make people rich and support this giant plastic mess.  I WANT to work, to build up money for my own business, but jobs keep abusing me and I end up having to leave because I won't be mistreated anymore.
The baby boomers are just ageing.
Lazy
People are working from home.
Who works for poor people 🌻🌚👍rest in the good news 🌺 okay bye
What makes your heart sing probably will not fill your Belly.  So I say find a secure bridge and learn how to survive on grass.  People should not stick their hands out palms up to anyone.  Find some dignity in your life and do depend on others!
I had to take a job in a grocery store at the beginning of the pandemic. I was 59 at the time. I am college educated. I am now 62. I have been unable to get a permanent job. This is the worst job ever. I have never been treated with such disrespect by customers in my life. I also feel physically unsafe. I wish I could quit but I have no one to help me financially. I have tried to commit suicide twice.
Americans have become so rude, demanding, and abusive of employees behind desks and counters that no one wants to be the 'face' of the company anymore. Everyone is done with the terrible demeaning abuse. That is the real reason. It's not about free government money or following your heart and finding a dream job. It's about self-respect.
So...we're not going to mention the fact that employers want you to have a master's degree for jobs paying $14 an hour?
The company I work for makes millions of dollars a year.  They don't pay employees that great, the insurance they offer is awful.. its expensive and doesn't cover much at all,  and if a new position opens  they dont hire from within.  Employees keep leaving   and they cant seem to figure out why. Huh. !!
Employers dont treat employees very well. Besides that   pay is not very good.  Rent amount is ridiculous!  It doesn't make sense to work just to pay rent.
Because welfare pays as much as they are paying
We are tired of living just to work. We don’t get enough free time, we get treated like inanimate objects and when we break down. We get replaced. Our pay is measly and is not enough to sustain any decent way of life. Also many good people who are willing to work are being discriminated against for cannabis use.
And for those trying to get a degree working 60 a week makes it difficult   Many people who are servers don’t have families to support them or allow them to work pT   AMERICA HAS TO CHANGE
60 min do a show on how the serving industry creates depression and alcoholism   Heck, most industries do  Heck, working in America make people prescribed pill and alcohol addicts
Yeah, Saddleranch shut down on the whole crew in PHX during COVid no notice  Before that my bro worked at countryside Grimaldi in Clearwater and same thing  Came in Mother’s Day and the entire staff was laid off with no notice He went on unemployment for ThReE years after he worked 12 hour days without breaks bartending and serving high volume for 20 years  He became an alcoholic from the stress   Many people in the serving industry have drinking problems between the hookups they get from other workers in the industry and STReSSs   No benefits   No doctor visits   No paid holidays  No childcare leave   And prince Harry and Meghan markle and all the other people who claim they want to change the world what are you DOING not helping
And my employees will not be lazy or unclean or they are OUT
One day I will own a cafe and treat my employees well, pay them well and make anyone without respect for my employees LEAVE
People can’t work for crap money   I needed a job and they gave me 10.75 PANERA that can’t keep an employee and want you at work at 5 am which mean going to bed at 7 and waking up at 330  And they don’t even feed you, have dirty dishes and weird people for customers   Also, short staffed like a MF   At least pay for the stress 15.00   I’m so disappointed   And they are NOT a green company  Had us washing dishes without gloves in poison chemicals ( I asked for gloves)   Americanworkforce SUCKS
It strikes me that many of the industries with huge shortages (hospitality, health care, construction) are industries that used to have illegal immigrants or recent immigrants?  I don't know.  That's just my first impression.
Let's not forget ....the govt deemed most of these workers...non essential....so what's the big fuss about now??? Hmmm....I don't blame a single one of them for not coming back..
The schools were closed for over a year and u wonder why u can't get woman back? Childcare was more than most were earning so most said he'll with this job..and I think the children were happy to have more time with mom..we need more of that..I think the kids will have a better upbringing
People were fed up with economical slavery before the pandemic...and once it hit and caused all sorts of financial problems for people the line was drawn ...and now they are basically begging people to come back to be treated like slaves once again..but that time away from the work place made people realize how much happier they were
All the workers left their jobs...but everyone is working on only fans lol
You want to pay me 13 dollars a hour but the next person getting over 100k , no you need to spep that up to 18 dollars,I did over 80 application an I only get 3 call back, they need 2 years experience even if you can do the job but never do it that long
Employers are in denial. Employers expect loyalty from employees. Yet the employer is not loyal to the employee.
A bunch of lazys
Lot of people are driving Uber
If people don't work, how will they afford to buy stuff (made in China) from Amazon?
Loosen immigration laws allow Mexican immigrants into the US, they will definitely take those jobs.
Look
Interview...black interviews black.   Shoulda followed Trump and minority's would have been far far ahead.  Minority's are back at the plantation.
You can work at 12.00 an hour for 60 hours and be 20 hours behind in money. Bidens inflation, Bidens 6.00 gas, Bidens tax raises.  This is the same song as sung by Tennesse Ernie Ford, The Company Store... When Trump had the economy singing it was monumental blacks working, browns working, women working, young entrepreneurs working, the lowest of ALL time.   Stop bullshiiting yourself.  Why would I work for 60 hrs aweek and owe 20 % and more as debt. Ca, NY, NJ, heavily populated states are leftist tax and spend and people are out....
They're over worked..working ten hours a day with one day off...the work force is short one reason many have died from covid..
Too many blacks in this..
the only way to restore democracy is to destroy corporate control of the world. general strike. bring the billionaires to the square, paint it red with kkkorupt politicians. burn it all. billions will suffer and die or the entire biosphere will collapse and the species will cease to exist
IT'S ALL ABOUT THE MONEY 💰 🤑 💸
People are tired of working to be in poverty
And they try to scare us into staying by saying we are all replaceable. . Ok, replace us. I'll wait . . .
Hostile, toxic, office environment for me. Coupled with low pay.
As a supervisor, it's been very difficult to retain employees as several continue to resign and it has been difficult to fill in vacancies as a result of the "Great  Resignation". I have never seen such a high turnover rate. Even with all the flexibility that we offer employees by allowing them to have a hybrid schedule, ability to work from home, and incentives employees continue to complaint and don't seem to care to put forth the effort. The frustrating thing about it is that are hands are tied and we cannot write them up or fire them for not doing their job because we would be left with no one.
It's the stimulus money only.   It won't last.   Once they are poor and hungry.   They'll be back.
What's all this smiley crap during the interviews while these "ethnically diverse" interviewees break the bad news? Work at home culture is just as bad, with the same idiot Trainers and the same lack of pay, same rate of turnover! And the smiling idiot who works for "4" different bosses? >>>> YOU DON'T HAVE A NORMAL LIFE.
Restaurant owners are greedy people  They want pay you what ever they want  Cheap labor $
The problem some jobs like restaurants an hotel are the cheap labor  People are out
Having just quit my job. It was a compensation problem. I asked for a raise twice and was denied. I switched employers and was given a raise my first day.
People are done with workplace BULLYING. The covert ways bosses and coworkers undermine and sabotage one’s happiness is a silent epidemic that people are waking up to.
What was not said was that people didn't want the shot like they are saying people do. How many workers were fired because of not having it, so workers left and found something different
We have five and six new businesses that can't open for months due to inability to find people to hire.
I couldn't help but notice how many black sea had on that show
Employees have ALWAYS been in the driver's seat. We've just been okay with "anything to pay the bills" up until now
I like her comment shove the jobs. Finally people realized that trickle down economy doesn't work. If there are no workers, there are no rich period either. Keep up the fight American workers. I've been saying for long time that without us there will be nothing.
🇺🇸🇺🇸Thank you Democrat liberal communists for the high inflation and destabilization  of global events. Hope you feel proud🇺🇸🇺🇸
Because the newer gen is lazy, and the other ones cant pass a drug test and the goof ones dont have a way to work
The problem in construction has actually been coming for almost 30 yrs.  I've been in construction over multiple trades since 1994.  There has been such an emphasis on going to college, and the perception that working in trades is "dirty," and a dead end.  The reality is that skilled labor can make as much or more than some "clean" jobs, especially right out of the gate.  If you have a willingness to work hard, the willingness and ability to learn, you can pretty much write your own ticket.
WE'RE QUITTING BECAUSE WE REFUSE TO HAVE OUR TAXES SENT TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES..WE ALL QUIT NO TAXES COLLECTED NO FOREIGNNESS, FOREIGNERS OR THEIR COUNTRIES WILL RECEIVE A DIME!! NOT EVEN UKRAINE!!
The trigger an employee resignation is not only COVID19 but also the talented  motivational speakers. They are helping the population in acknowledging their self worth
The effects of the change from Social Capitalism to Reagan's Predatory Capitalism came about slowly over a period of about 30 years. According with history, it takes a catastrophic event like Covid to awaken citizens to acknowledging their being predatorized
The problem is, nobody wants to work. We’re becoming a lazy and selfish continent. This isn’t going to end well.
3 minutes and 30 seconds. Once again 60 Minutes shows its bias a business owner says the reason why he can't find employees is because there are none around him. That's a lie if there are no employees there are no people. What he didn't tell the truth about is that he doesn't offer fair pay.   The state doesn't require employer's to pay wait staff minimum wage. Most times wait staff earn half of whatever your state required minimum wage is, that's ridiculous. Not everyone tips and the ones who do don't always tip 15% and that equals not a good day's pay.   To work for what unjustified ill treatment because your having a bad day. Feeling like an actual servant because your payed in the wages of one. Instead of a server who should be treated and PAYED equally. Shame on the federal government but even bigger shame to news groups for not doing enough.  I guess in closing you get what you give but in this case you get what you pay for... minimum yearly earnings reports show for a US citizen to live a healthy safe life a wage of 35k 40k a year is need this factors an adult and child single parent and a spousal relationship and child. #Factsimpact
Don't whitewash the need to increase pay at every level. Things never 'return to normal' after inflation. It's why a coca-cola isn't 5 cents anymore. Pay is too low everywhere.
Until I stopped working, I didn't realize how much work sucks.
A BUSINESS IS ONLY AS GOOD AS ITS EMPLOYEES
Pay and treat people better
It's a high time works be respted
7:39 wow I've worked in a lot of small to medium size design and build equipment companies and I've never seen that many folks of color in an office meeting. It's usually all white males like myself. Nice to see some diversity!
Because unlike Gen x and in the past,   the recent Generations can run back to mommy and daddy to pay their bills.
Totalitarian Forced Injection?
As a recruiter, I can relate to the dude calling the candidate every day for 2 months lol
In my case I was getting fired because I'm bilingual Latino Mexican American I'm worth 2. Lots of jobs don't like bilingual Latinos because of competition  ther over qualified for any job the main managers that hire people don't like bilingual Latinos over qualified Tru fact us Ben 6 years that still can not get hired is so Deep how they want to run this world against gods will we are equal no matter what we are child of God  👁👁🌞🧠
They got a taste of living off of someone else, and don’t want to go back.
In Oklahoma organized Crime has changed Meth Laws. The people responsible are throwing crums at their addicted employee's, just enough to keep them coming back & unable to pass a drug test. You can't hold down a job & do Meth. The two do not mix. It's so bad here, the cops do nothing. The key position cops work (indirectly) for the main drug supplier for our state. The Surber family has tactfully set up & taken over. Politition's won't speak their name. A career ending mistake to discuss the Surber family Dictatorship that has a strangle hold on Okla. They rake in Million's at our states expense. Their goal is to bleed Oklahoma into their pocketbook. Take & take more till we go belly up & they move on, ever expanding their drug empire. Who will stop them. Not the OSBI, the Boss is on the payroll. Not the sheriff, he's on the payroll too. Maybe 60 minutes will come and expose these gangster's. God send us someone strong enough they can't bribe or end their career. Our crooked government won't even admit to this catastrophe. Dope dealer's & murderer's run our state. How did this happen? GREED...Easy Money & Addiction...
Try being female and working in a male-dominated profession that pays you lower and sexually harasses you. Coworker who you refuse to date goes on a rampage against you, even making obscene phone calls at your home. Male bosses do nothing. To them, your dilemma is fuel for masturbatory fantasies they are surely having. The males who run workplaces do nothing when female workers are degraded because they consider women inferior creatures. This is the state of the employment situation if you’re unlucky enough to have been born female.
Omicron variant does NOT take a toll on virtually anyone. The politics take a toll.
Thats reality,wise man dont work long,regular people want job badly but employeer never,they all chossy,how about desire or inspiration job,everyone unsupportive?!
I had to leave my health care career working in allied health. With over 35 years of clinical experience, I have seen just about every scenario, toxic work culture, take overs, toxic politics, horrible pay, unethical business practices, exploitation, cooking the books, OSHA violations, HIPAA violations and more. I looked the other way at times my mental and physical well being suffered in order to remain in the fear based mindset. These days after riding out the pandemic I am seeing salaries that are way beneath my pay scale and experience. It is absurd that healthcare is so corrupt and it will never change. What benefits can they offer now when healthcare is no longer free? when vacation and sick days are no longer a benefit but based on  an accrral rate. I paid down my debt and managed to walk away from a 35 year career because I simply know I can do better than this, paying taxes since I was 1986 and raising a daughter on my own. I am happy and know that I have more to offer.
The solution is simple. Pay people more and treat them with respect
A lot of people were working too much for material things. Some may have decided to scale back on spending money on things they could do without.
We're overworked, underpaid, unappreciated and expendable. Sign on bonuses are a joke. They've been a scam for the last 2 decades. You left out the hoops we have to jump through to get a job. For all the places hiring I sure haven't gotten any calls from the over 200 places I applied to on these websites. There are cures for scheduling that nobody wants to explore.   These low wage bs jobs love to power trip your schedule. They want you to live breathe and die for those pitiful 15-20 hours they've polka dotted your week with.   Why can't you have part timers work 12 hour shifts 2-4 days a week?
I was told the company gave 5% raises and promotions increases were 10000 been with the company over 15 years and yet to see any of it I have seen people quit faster than we can train thats what happens when you work for the government
Try getting a job with  4 felonies,never had a record till 40 years old,got caught up in a meth bust had a empty bag in my house,was not mine, anyway got 4 charges for empty bag...Stung operation my ex was playing chef while I was at work with her dope head friends,sad
American will fall down because god will funished them to doing a lot of criminal act
How are some of them supporting themselves?  Are they getting by the government NOT to work?
I worked all my life one job or another as long as I had a paycheck coming in I was good to go I was never a quitter finally got to retire I am 66 years old
It's 60 minutes. They said Hunter Biden's laptop was russian disinfomation. Don't believe any story they report!
Because the government demands vaccines because the government shut down the pipeline because the government won’t secure the borders because the government has become a traitor to this nation and its ideals and what it was built upon because. The people who have the shots are still vulnerable to the virus us and all their variance proving the government is wrong again
People are stressed out n not appreciated  much at their  jobs.
Cause there's more to life than work! You get one shot at life. I'd rather be poor/homeless if I have to be. Better than miserable consumed with debt & stress.  Capitalism is outdated and serves a very few at the top.
I’m enjoying reading everyone’s comments of liberating themselves from toxic work environments 🙌🏼
I’m on the same boat. I quit my job and now I’m self employed.
The problem is people have been working for nothing.
I need a job construction let it be early
Now do a report on how much 17$ an hour actually end up in your pokets after taxs and expenses.
Sorry many of those jobs are low skilled and low paying. Just think how can people not have an income? Search for people looking for good paying jobs you will see a different story. "Makes my heart sing" please how about have to pay my bills!
$12/hr might have been acceptable in 2017 but houses and rent have doubled since then.
I can attest to what is being said here. I resigned my job the end of last year mainly because of being burnt out. Dealing with traffic, not being paid properly and was saying all this for what. I just couldn't continue because it was driving me insane. Also, the ceo collected a huge income and I was being paid breadcrumbs compared to her salary, and was working twice as hard!
USA are quiting their jobs because they are seeing all their taxes going into the USA military
People that don't care to work. I'm in Florida. Have a dishwasher making $20 a hour. I hire at 17. I started the same job at $6.15.
How can get to America and work there
America was founded on free labor. Now cheap labor. You been robbing the American worker for decades.  You thought the open border undocumented migrants would take these low paying jobs.  No.
Tone deaf.  Hey 60 minutes, read your comment sections; your viewers get it, you don't.
People are tired of living to work, tired of making personal sacrifices for a paycheck that barely covers expenses, tired of being disrespected by employers/management, customers or clients.
As an employer, I took care of my employees. When one of my employees’ moms needed a job, I connected her with someone and she got a job, then she needed flexibility, which I gave, gave her 3 raises in a year, plus a bonus, gifts,and even lend her a loan for a move; only for her to give me a 3-day resignation after she signed a 2-day contract. Employees can be disrespectful and unappreciative too. I’m reading the comments about employers are the problem, but the lack of respect and professionalism of the employees are a problem for business owners. I can’t stand applicants confirming an interview, but never show up and never notifying the hiring manager of the no show. I respect my employees. I give them bonuses, buy lunches, celebrate their birthdays, give holiday gifts, and flexibility. Some people are just lazy and unprofessional. I do have great professionals who work with me now. I have two tiers, one… the experienced, graduates, and more matured professionals, and then the younger college students workers. The more experienced are loyal, dependable, and appreciative. The younger ones require flexibility and higher starting pay with no degree. My business is growing and we’re expanding. Overall, I’m blessed and love my career.
Because sloths with their demons drain and bleed American with hatred towards anything because nobody loves them
No UNIONS and Sub-Human wages in DEAD-END JOBs with a combination of HIGH COST OF LIVING is the main reason why its hard for employers to get good workers!
"It's the workers, who control the means of production."- Film Antz  Employees are the reason for Employers. So when all employees quit, hopefully employers start to negotiate, but it doesn't seem so..huh.
Nobody wants to work for a lousy 7.25$ an hour.  That minimum wage should be at least 15 dollars an hour.
MORE UNIONS PLEASE!
More UNIONS are needed!
Democrats at work making Americans poor again 😜🤣🤣😭🤣🤣
It is now 4/7/2022 and still, nothing makes rational sense...as a nurse, I still can't return to work unless I get a covid vaccine, which in itself makes no sense...a vaccine which is no longer even applicable to the original virus, a vaccine which wanes every few months..so even if you had the original shot well over a year ago, its no longer effective, even the boosters wane after 5 weeks.....so if you are considered vaccinated, how often are you mandated to get a booster to still be considered vaccinated for employment..??   How are people still employed, if the mandatory vaccination has waned ?? It's infuriating, why would the vaccine still be required today for employment, if it's no longer even applicable???   AND now, even if you are a vaccinated healthcare worker, who has covid, you are required to return to work if you're not seriously ill !!!    So now I'm terminated for not taking the shot, yet nurses who got the shot,who are infected with covid, must still report to work... There are those of us nurses that love what we do....and still can't return to work because of this political medical beurocracy BS !!!
I'm not saying that's the only reason why people are quitting but that's one of the reasons why and it's other reasons as well
For one thing just like it was back in the back in the day when employers used to care about employees in employees care about their employer's is not in they used to care about customers and customers cared about when they get those that came in and it used to be friendly and it used to be so much Connie courtesy man it ain't like that no more and it's so much that is going on now that is not hung compassion is not love is not anything dealing with humbleness humility meet this Tinus respect no more he's not that we grew up with
We cnt afford to work for low paying companies anymore. Life is getting too expensive. If your short staff after the pandemic ask yourself what can I do to fix this? Take care of your employess and treat them right. I been with my job for four years. My managers are great and we get rises every year. Benefits are ok. I work from home so there is no reason to call in. But management and pay mattersss!!! Thats all I have to say!
Maybe because minimum wage should be at least $21, $22 an hour, with benefits?
Oklahoma has the cheapest house and land
I think it's safe to work for home
NOTE  TO  60  MINUTES  IF  YOUR  LISTENING   i  want  to  know  when  will    A I   become  self aware  elon musk  says  ten  years  or   by  2030  will  you  be  first  get  the  scoop  or  will it slip  between  your  fingers  i'm  watching   you  on  cbs   and  youtube  i  want   cutting  edge   news  about  technology    and  i  have  subscribed   and  liked  to  this  channel   thank you
Might put my own business because they pay very little without health insurance or other benefits at all,
In Michigan our idiot Governor gave anyone working part time, unemployment that is why you can't get anyone to come to work!!!!!! Everywhere jobs, jobs, jobs!!!!!!! They look at it like this why go to work they give us money to work part time. Wake up they are doing this on purpose to bring in The Great Reset!!!
Homeschooling on the RISE!! PRIVATE schools on the rise!   Thank you plan-demonic😊😊😊😊😊
I've been saying this for years....it's time for the people at the top to take a pay cut.
No worries the Mexican people will continue to work hard and for less
Little pay is the also too much for toxic n narristic managers
For some reason this interview failed to mention “treating ppl with respect n common human decency” that’s the main reason no one’s going back to the bs
ITS PAY. THE REASON IS PAY.
Today's younger generation are just plain lazy? 🙄
The Young Generation are so sensitive! 😭
It's all about making more money!💰 bottom-line!! 🤑
I do construction 🚧
Those types of jobs you'll never get rich? 🤑
What you want me to work 40 hours a week are you out of your mind nobody wants to work anymore. I don't have to work sleepy Joe will take care of me I'll just get that government money.
I’m looking for a job in Richmond Virginia please 4 real
This documentary is rubbish, you are rubbish too 60 minutes
Talk about the pay wage  talk about unlivable wages ,wages, wages,  bonuses.
EASY,  THERE SICK AND TIRED OF WORKING ,  working and never injoying life.  Shove it. Is the right term. Working 4 days a week is great and more time for family.
its because Unemployment pays you more
America please go to work!! ... If Americans don't go to work are Country and Freedoms will be lost forever..
The benefits gave people the time to figure out other ways to generate income. Give smart people 6 months without the daily grind, and they won't need your waiter or cook position anymore.
LOOK AMERICA it's (60) MINUTES OF LIES 🧐🤔🤣
This didn't reflect the lower income jobs being left unfilled, laborer positions
If it become impossible to pay the rent or obtain sufficient food unless you're in a subsidized rental property and on food stamps, don't be surprised if people stop working so they can qualify.
Lies - they hiring SLAVES
Our life is more important, it’s short🙏 I’ve worked for 40 years😳 no respect from employers 🤔
Gen X-er here.  Former employer increased my incoming assignments by 77% in two years, while my colleagues incoming assignments decreased by 18-29%.  The fact that I am not married and have no kids I am sure had something to do with that, despite denials.  By July 2021 I had only taken three days off, and twice I was called by work to do something.  Vacation time was not respected, calls and requests to do something were frequent.  Despite the significant increase in incoming assignments, I was still expected to perform at the same level before "the great slam"  Criticism was constant, and I was always in trouble for something. My physical and mental health significantly declined to the point where I was on two different antidepressants. I burned out.  I burned out bad.  Mgt. was aware I was burnt out.  I told them. I told them several times a 77% increase was not humanly possible.  They pretty much blamed me and made me feel I "was weak" and "Not a team player." I took a medical leave in August 2021 to have knee surgery.  This was met with hostility, and disbelief by mgt. who argued about the time frame the physician authorized.  The short term disability company that handled my claim would not contact me regarding my claim despite several calls and emails.  Calls to the HR dept. at my company regarding the issues were ignored.  It took them eight weeks to approve my disability and pay me.  I had to dip into my savings due to having to go eight weeks with no pay.   I was offered another position and submitted my resignation.  Team Leader was stunned.  Asked why I wanted to leave?  Duhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
It’s not the virus the pandemic—it’s the GOVERNMENT that shut everything down. It’s the GOVERNMENT that caused this disaster not COVID19.
When these companies got cares act money they bought furniture. Company I was working for got carepet, new time clocks, new tvs for break rooms, paint and etc. they gave us a hundred dollar bonus that was taxed so it was 94$, one time.In Alabama at a assisted living  I was making 10.00$ hour we get 80 hours bi weekly, that’s 800 every two weeks, well insurance was 125$ every pay period, how can I live off that. I quit.Luckily my husband works a great job, we let car go back that we were paying note on, moved into a family house that had been empty for 5 years and it’s been freeing and feel so good.
Borrego springs California San Diego rent is pretty cheap out there there's nothing out there I mean nothing. You can still find a house out there for $100,000
I live in LA, CA. It's the employers that are still picky, not willing to train, not willing to do anything to grab that employer. Unfortunately, I can't leave the state at this time. I'm WILLING and wishing to work but the jobs that are desperately hiring, like retail, I cannot do with my injury and what is required from the job AND they don't pay enough to pay for our incredible high cost of living. Rent is ridiculous, but I can't move anywhere without 3x the cost of rent in income
Well I have felt for years that the jobs ought to be applying to the skilled people to come to work for them and not the way it's been going!... I think there's been way too many hoops that people have to jump through and way too much rigmarore involved for anyone to get any kind of a decent job in recent decades I think it's really gotten out of hand!
Nobody mentioned management, HR, secretaries, etc who work in the office are usually all related whether its family or friends. Who come in later, do hardly anything and get well paid.  Cost of living needs to go back down. If not AI will replace us, even the illegal immigrants.
In one word..the slaves excaped the wroten social contract in which they were traped by savage capitalism and all thanks to the commander in chief sleep corrupt liberal head of state...let's go Brandon in a lang vacation... 😂
With many jobs, you can’t make ends meet with them. So if you’re going to be homeless or hungry or you’re not able to get the medical that you need then what difference does it make! And they may have higher salary prices somewhere but it’s not in my area. It doesn’t even make up for the inflation and the rent increase.  The people that call in, have been so nasty.  Fortunately, I don’t deal with them on a daily basis. So though I am not unemployed myself, I understand.people bailing.
Most people are quitting job because they have other -husbands and parents tk rely on.🤨
New jobs  in software pop up everyday.
Can stop there what do I want to do and what makes my heart sing. To succede you also have to say how do I make money from that, there is a way.
I worked customer service since I was 15. Worked at a grocery store all through Covid. I quit January this year because I just couldn't keep going. I was run down, having anxiety attacks everyday, all from the abuse of the higher ups and the general public. I'm worth more than what they were paying me to deal with
We can't do the job of two people for one check !  My sanity is priceless 🤯
NOT MAKING ENOUGH TO COVER INFLATION
A lot of sick bosses out there.  Bullies who were never trained properly and have little intelligence.
BECAUSE #WOKEPITYPARTY #WOKEARELOSERS #WOKEPITYPARTY  THEY NEED A SLAP AND A PUSH....OR LOAD THEM ON A BOAT ALONG WITH #SANDERS #WARREN #AOC #THESQUAD AND THE #BIDEN #MOSTINCOMPETENTADMINEVER SHIP THEM TO A DESERTED ISLAND AND LET THEM ROT.  THEY ARE SOCIALISTS AND HATE AMERICA 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬 WEAK AND THE ENTIRE WORLD KNOWS IT!!!
So they destroyed all the small businesses and now the large corporations are reaping the benefits of those economic holes. and need the workers who used to own their own business to fill their minimum wage jobs.  you are unclear why the people who used to have their own businesses don't want to take minimum wage jobs?
Employers are failing their workers.  Pay is inadequate & disproportionate to the Cost of living. Benefits cost too much, transportation, insurance, food its all too much.
It's not rocket surgery. People are done helping millionaires become billionaires.
Better pay is too late for Americans. No one could keep up with inflation, child care, child support, court cost, tickets, housing and home buying, no more, and other things. Big agencies have gotten to greedy, including creditors.
Stop requiring sick shots
Businessman says "it's not a work problem, it's a worker problem" 😆
I believe the mandates did it
Cost of living is going up , But not the pay rates..
I worked until I was 30 for my way, or the highway employers. That's why I went to college to get away from them. Never looked back. I don't know how people who are laughing about going back to work can pay their bills. Guess we didn't have the internet back in the day. You had to physically show up at the work site.
It become a problem with the encroaching socialsim.   Send people a check, they will stay home.  Why work?
People are tired of being treated like crap, forced to go into an office that’s full of drama and gossip, and dealing with toxic managers.
Not everyone in America gets a check. That's not the problem. The problem is in certain areas . The wages doesn't match up with the way of living. And especially in the fast food business. When in certain restaurants. There is a possibility you might not even be on the schedule.  For labor cost. Or whatever the excuse maybe. And if you're on the schedule. Sometimes. You might not even work a full 8 HR shift.  Sometimes they will just have you for the lunch rush. And let's not get into the construction field. Where there is alot of construction companies , especially in the south. Not necessarily yours. But there was videos that I know they took down by now. Where the owner's came out and said they will only hire White's and Mexicans. In a field where if you're not a flagger, electrician,plumber, or dry wall, they treat you like crap. And the pay not all the great neither. I'll give you Vegas for an example. You get way more in unemployment then you would get in minimum wage. 8.25 hr. And that's not including. The cards you have to get for a mc Donald's job. Health card. Tam card. Just ridiculous in the work field. And people not taking that anymore. Especially in a era when everything is hire. Right now even dollar tree should be call Dollar twenty five tree now. So just cut it out. Like you guy's said people is leaving.
https://youtu.be/NNTfwRKZawo Dogs
The pandemic helped make us see that family is more important than work, especially when you're under-appreciated and over-worked.
Friendzoned 2k22
I quit and didn’t claim a thing. Not!
Becareful what you wish for. Pretty soon everything will be automated. EVERYTHING.
if you all americans know about communist regins in China and in Russia... you all will be pround to be in Great America... have you ver been poor ?
Maybe because it’s  diversity crap  which basically boils down to hating white people and agree with me or you’re racist or if you are certain race Latino black you have to think a certain way or your race  traitor and the fact that actually governments paying you to not actually work  also kind of helps
Americans quit their jobs because they actually have to work for a living.. the people behind the wall are the true workers..
Stay at home mothers have legitimate callings. There is no other more important "job." I hope they stay "on the sidelines!"
I'll tell you exactly what's going on.  When covid hit, people seen which jobs were greatly affected, and could'nt count on them jobs for security.  Second, the cost of living is too high, people cannot afford to live comfortably .
To be honest nobody wants to work FOR anyone else’s benefit. 1/3 of your income is allotted before you get it. 1/2 of the remaining balance is household the other half is spent recovering physically or mentally to a point where you are well enough to return to work.
It’s ridiculous! That is why so many people quit! Yet so many people can’t get a job!!
How do you bolster skewed statistics? Use the media to fabricate an image that the employees are the problem. Hello, Corporate America.
It’s because people of tired of doing the jobs of 5 people for $12 an hour. With a master’s.
PASS INTO LAW: 1. UBI of $5,000/Month ( tax free up to $60,000/Year ) for every American to eliminate labor exploitation,  workplace usury, manipulation, extortion, abuse, and workplace health hazards. 2. Livable wages of $30/Hour and up to all Americans ( regardless of education ) that MUST stay 3% higher than rising inflation permanently into the future until inflation elite machanism becomes extinct. 3. FLAT tax of 3% to all working individuals regardless how much money is made per year. More money made = more revenue into public fund to maintain a healthy and happy society lifted up equitably at same time! 4. Eliminate taxes in future once robotics can multiply goods ( basic needs ) continuously! Goal is to free up time and get rid of human suffrage! NOT profit or power 🚏🚏🚏
Anything over $500/Month is NEVER cheap rent! Wages have not gone up in over 40 years for the bottom 60% of Americans yet cost of living is causing Americans to go broke!  Everything is too expensive at this point and will lead to civil unrest and them full blown gang street wars!   Americans are soooooo poor now; single 600 SQ FT units are needed for $350/Month rent for life!
Shelters are NOT the solution! Give each homeless person a choice of 1 acre of land with a tiny house on it that has plumbing! Tax free! SOLVE the homeless crisis with permanent solutions OR America will turn into civil unrest and depravity day and night! Politicians, corporations, gouging land lords, and wealthy business owners are the criminals due to thier extreme greedy and constant labor exploitation and lack of livable wages! Livable wages are way over $30/Hour for any job at this point to solve the dying US economy 🏘🏘🏘
Solution: Egalitarian Equitarian Utopian Socialism ( primary objective is to sustain all life, improve life, maximize self actualization without money or desire for power )!
PASS INTO LAW: 1. UBI of $5,000/Month ( tax free up to $60,000/Year ) for every American to eliminate labor exploitation,  workplace usury, manipulation, extortion, abuse, and workplace health hazards. 2. Livable wages of $30/Hour and up to all Americans ( regardless of education ) that MUST stay 3% higher than rising inflation permanently into the future until inflation elite machanism becomes extinct. 3. FLAT tax of 3% to all working individuals regardless how much money is made per year. More money made = more revenue into public fund to maintain a healthy and happy society lifted up equitably at same time! 4. Eliminate taxes in future once robotics can multiply goods ( basic needs ) continuously! Goal is to free up time and get rid of human suffrage! NOT profit or power 🚏🚏🚏
Biden wants all able-bodied young people to sit on moms couch and collect welfare checks from the govt. If Biden cuts off those checks,,, the SSI and SSDI disability fraudsters will go back to work !
I don’t have a job and nj
As my self included, people got hit with the need for a lifestyle change during the pandemic and as that happened we all realized we didn't need the previous job and lifestyle, we choose it. We all found better ways to live and make money, more time with the family and spending less on non-essentials. I personally live better , healthier and happy.
Fake news
I moved back with parents. Like everyone I know from college. I don't need income anymore. It has been great.
The only people they showed working were Mexican and white hmm.🤔
Average rent in my state is over 1500 per month for a single bedroom apt. The average pay for a semi skilled factory worker is 15 to 17 an hour. If a person can't even afford a roof over their head, why bother? Shaming people to work for peanuts doesn't work. Unemployment ended in my state last year.
I'm glad I'm retired , I'm multi skilled with technical training in 4 areas in demand . Would like to work part time , but will not I enjoy my skill sets and using them . It is the abuse from customers, administration , and government requirements.
I’m seriously considering quitting my current job, but I’m not making a hasty move yet. Last time I planned on quitting, I got fired, but it open an opportunity for a better job anyway even though I felt bad. Either way I’m never looking back at my first job. At the moment, it’s the only job I have not affected necessarily by Covid.  Keep in mind that in (corporate)America legally they can pay you for labor and don’t have to offer you any benefits. By law there’s no real definition of how many hours is considered full time either.
Pay me and ill work
Maybe they are quiting because of forced vaccines. That played a big role in people leaving. People just don't choose to quit. The forced vaccine mandate made a big change.
Bad pay, bad management, zero benefits, zero respect in most of those markets! (I've worked hospitality and restaurant - don't plan on going back)
So how do these people not working earn money to pay bills ?
not true they will not hire no one
Simple, Government and 1 percent of the wealthly families wants us to live at closest possible level to being homeless. People walk away from their jobs because who wants to go work 60 hours a week, no time spending with family, no vacations, work in a hostile work place, causing health problems, making minimum wage only to find out its not enough to even live at poverty level. Its all due to corporation greed. Corporations could care less about workers lifes. That was seen during the 2008. The $700 billion which in fact was in the trillions not billions that the treasury department used to save the banks was given to CEO as raises, vacation trips, and not to businesses who needed it, because there were no requirements attached to the bailout money the banks could use it for any purpose.
NOW HIRING [translation] SH*T WORK
DONT BELIEVE NOT SMART!
There was no depletion it was a mass exodus.
when will Leslie correct the story about Trump being spied on?
THIS IS STATE PROPAGANDA. The problem are the employers and low wages
They keep building more jobs but no employees stop making more jobs .
What used to work 20 years ago are long gone. Covid has taught us how short our lives are. Many people hit a wall and they want jobs that have flexibility and better benefits.
Call it resignation instead of socialist take over and total control over the people smh
We e become a nation of gimme for doing nothing than a nation of honest   workers
Gen Z are LAZY PPL    RETAIL WORKERS ARE LAZY.  GET TO WORK!  GET AN OFFICE JOB  GOD    DON'T RELY ON THE GOVERNMENT
It's Only those that don't have good jobs. It's only only FAST FOOD...AND SERVICE BASED JOBS.  FAST FOOD WORKERS ARE QUITTING
Ppl in administration assistant positions ARE NOT QUITING!
Service industry people are so mistreated by the public.
Empoye: Mr Boss your car is awsome! Boss: if you work real hard next year ill buy a better one next year
We need to stop babying the lazy people in this nation or we will fall. If you're able bodied and not working you should not be receiving government aid.
Leslie you are a DELUSIONAL LIAR! Did you learn that from your mother or the Government?
Pay us higher wages, have flexible schedules and better benefits
Control
Walk away......
Go job loss.....
Go employees steak your claim
Take this job.....
I'm not buying this piece one bit. It's fostering a cheery progressive narrative but it doesn't answer the big question: How do those who quit their jobs pay their bills? "What makes my heart sing," "Take this job and shove it," "Autonomy and flexibility" doesn't pay the rent and fill your cart with groceries. It doesn't explain how two income families who overnight become one income families, or those who left their jobs "to find a more fulfilling life," continue to make ends meet. There has to be more to the story.
Retail and hospitality, these positions are hard to qualify for a lease to rent an apt or even a room. I had to look for a salary job to get a place to live.
The money is worthless. We can work 80 hours a week, and never be able to afford anything. It's insane. Work 80 hours a week, and live outside. The United States economy is still chattel slavery. Move to Russia!
I think gig work has a lot to do with it. Uber, DoorDash, GrubHub, Amazon Flex, Instacart, etc, They’re independent contractors, not employees. The biggest thing in these jobs is the flexibility they have. You can work when you want to and have no boss to answer to. There is something to be said for that. An employer has you by the throat all the time, they tell you when to work, what to do, when to do it and they control your pay to an extent. Yes you agree to an hourly wage as an employee, but they can totally control your hours, cut them, increase them whether you like it or not. Employers have to find a way to offer employees extreme flexibility comparable to gig work. Gig work has its ups and downs on pay. But pay is usually good to very good in my experiences, but you can’t beat the freedom in it. That’s why you have so many millions of people doing it.
Lol because they don't trust or have faith in a crooked system. The one that killed there family's by allowing covid in etc etc etc
People aren't working for stressful places that don't pay a LIVING wage! Working 40+ hours and still not able to pay your bills because Democrats have already ruined the country and inflation continues to rise and illegals flood the country.....what do they expect?.
They might be hiring but they're not keeping you pass 90 days. Whats up with that?
The best one is "labor ain't cheap" yet still paying $10-$12/hr sweating buckets and being overworked in heat or freezing temperatures. All while "the big boss" hovers over us with his/her arms crossed💀
The real story here is in the comments below. These are the real folks affected by this crap & these are the true reasons for the great "Stick it" 🖕 parade.
People can afford to leave work because the government is given away free money. If they don't get free money how can they pay their bill?
If the average house in Southern California cost literally a million dollars how much is $63,000? I can make that much sitting in my underwear from home
Because the man in the WH gives them their paycheck…everything this show presents is only for the left…FAKE fake fake reporting..even Australia…nothing but promoter of garbage…change your name to 60 seconds…by the way…love the lady running for AZ governor…yes Australia…she walked out of your interview for trying to put words in her mouth..trying to smear her before an election just like you did Trump! America is awake to fake reporting, I mean teleprompters…you have NO real journalist, period!
I'm from Texas and seeking employment but the right employment because I had 3 jobs in a few months that all overwork and underpay employees.
It's about the jab.  People refuse to be jabbed and masked here.  They refuse to work anywhere it's required.
I think people are quitting because we the working class are sick and tired of being exploited. The wealth Gap is getting way too wide.
Because the government pays people to be creepers/stalkers. Why have a conventional job when you can do drugs and stalk people all day, all night and get paid for it. Tax free income.
I own a construction company and I guarantee "James Jordan Construction Company" has to have a rigid schedule for workers on a jobsite.  Its not possible to complete a project in a timely or profitable manner without scheduled deliveries and working hours.  Office staff may have some flexibility but even they need to be there in case jobsite workers need something.   La, La land construction may work for multi-million dollar projects but I doubt it.  The worker shortage is mainly due to people refusing to wear the useless masks and/or get the illegally mandated COVID jab.
Wait till they start giving all jobs to  undocumented immigrants then it’ll be too late
This was all done On purpose
Or more people are working remotely and not returning to in person work because the risk of mob, fire, crime and loss of workplace as in the incredible losses to our small business restaurants which might be a bit of a wrinkle as well.
God save us from the self- aggrandizing, intellectualizing geopolitical data collectors and pontificators. By the way, this country doesn't have "workers", we have employees, the former implies ambiguity, the latter self-determination. Missing millions of women from the workforce like from when Trump was president? Oh, kind of cast some doubt on that "6 million jobs created" thing that this administration is touting.
The takes these people have are amazingly ridiculous. And oh how they do enjoy their labels and data. No, America is not burnt out....but some of you have certainly been trying...we're far more resilient than that.
"Gone are the days of employers saying 'you are just lucky you have this job." Well it's about time!!
Because life has become pointless anyway in the USA for all but the 1% ers
These days, jobs only hire people who they are cool with and know as friends, not people with experience and the knowledge of the job or jobs. It's hard to find a job these days especially as someone as young as I am and I don't even have a criminal background. I've given up looking for jobs long ago because jobs only hire favoritism and too picky who they hire.
America has bled us dry mind body and soul
The speakers are visibly self editing.
No one mentions the medical mandates. Definitely a factor.
You cannot speak truth on LinkedIn. It’s part of the problem.
To afraid to go out and get infected, rather put others in harms way, than risk getting covid.
Easier to have essential delivery workers deliver what they want, than go get it themselves. When essential workers are gone, then they’ll have to fend for themselves.
How are people just taking a break? I don't get it. Are they living with their parents? How are they able to afford things? Can someone explain this to me? Is the government still giving out unemployment benefits?
Good keep quiting
A lot of people are old and don't want to get sick that's what it is and than some
they are not burned out they are just plain lazy and entitled.
Give people benefits and reason to work stop trying to max the profit
Problem = Society is lazy, thin skinned and have no pride. Just wait these people will be begging for their jobs back when inflation takes hold!
Sorry, but it's propaganda. Why they going to Hawaii? Because they don't do there problems with covid. People want to be free
Totally agree with jazzie red people were let go with no options and lack of apprection for hard work and dedication. Pay always stays the same and rejection of any type of raise. Most people are awake and know they are always better opportunities out there. Most businesses are not hurting they just want to keep 90% of the profit and give their employees the crumbs people that have worked their entire lives are fed up with that.
Better pay? Lol
And this is why the US allows illegals into the country. The people you elect into office are very keen on self interest. I do believe that this country is trying hard at producing the world's first trillion heir. That's just wrong.
Brandon's inflation is only going to make it worse
How about Americans won’t be forced to do things they do not want to do to their bodies. No one is tracing how many people have said “bye” due to mandates
This is what happens when gov. Forces Covid mandates ,People want freedom without it you dont have a america,its otw to being US controlled CCP land and companies  its disgusting
Yk their Destroying the global Econ. By continuing to fear monger covid. THIS IS PROPAGANDA BS IT STOPS WHEN WE SAY ENOUGH
I think a lot of people are thinking they're worth more than they actually are. I think social media caused a lot of this. These folks are seeing others on private jets and beaches and thinking, "I deserve that". The problem is they don't. They're working menial jobs. If these folks are quitting to do better, that's one thing. However, I think a LOT of them were quitting to draw that sweet, sweet unemployment check.
Biden
Because the establishment is falling and we are awakening…  We the people are tired of government and corporate corruption. They can make their own money, we are not slaves. The people have spoken. The great awakening is defeating the great recent.
I don't see how Miami is affordable.. been living here for my whole life of 28 years.. You need 2 jobs TO JUST MAKE A LIVING and RENT here in Miami.  It's been ridiculously expensive and increasing in Miami!
Do a little research… What percent pay raise have CEOs/top management gotten over the years… And what percent have the workers gotten?  Also daycare for two kids cost $1900/month where I live, houses have gone up at least 50% in the last couple years… Used car, groceries, utilities,gas etc. It’s exasperating. Part of me (and probably many other working Americans) asks why try when you’re steadily sinking?
It's not that they are quitting their jobs, it's because they're being forced into getting a JAB that they are refusing , my daughter was told that if she didn't get the vaccination she would be fired, she works for the county of Los Angeles, first the put her in a bind and made her drive to a another location 55 miles away , that didn't work, so they flat out said , if you don't want to get the vaccination! You're fired . So to be able to support her kids , she got the vaccination, and now having medical issues.  All due to the communist government over reach !
Why does Australian 60 minutes selectively turn off comments? You are not journalists, you are activists, and because you purvey a hard wacko leftist view, turning off debate is essential to your goal. You are entertaining though, congrats!
I don’t care anymore.  I quit.
"Take this job and shove it"? No. "Take your jab and shove it!"
I find it amusing that people don't want to pay high prices for skilled labor and goods, yet expect that they should be paid high wages for their low skilled output. Everything that thinks adults should be able to thrive off of jobs as simple as stocking shelves is an idiot.
Why do I quit job? Simple reason... Unethical policy/law/guildeline
Ah I'm worried for yous now, 20 Mill quit?? What the heck you gonna do now
Well if U choose not to Work that's ur Bizz, But don't come to my neighborhood  breaking in or stealing anything....We works for it....BIBLE SAYS if a man doesn't work neither should he eat.....I understands and God understands people who are truly disable....But people  needs to work for it not stealing it. 👋🏼👋🏼👋🏼👋🏼💯💯
13:10 yes!
Wow a totally black 60 minutes. I like the lady that 60 minutes called a genius.  What she described is what average white Americans have been doing for generations. Affirmative action ruined America. Now your only qualification required is your skin color. We used to call that racism. Or isn't it systemic racism?
How do you ignore Democrat failure? California a nice example. Green everything. Less freedom, huge Gov't like Communist companies. Why are tax payers moving to red states to escape the nonsense?
Human dignity. Corporations don’t understand this concept.
Because they aren’t paying us right for the amount of work we’re e doing.
3:38 https://youtu.be/s6Qy5l17a6Q  This Old House covers a reason why constitution jobs are short on workers. Schools. They remove shop classes in Middle Schools and High Schools direct most all their resources to prepare you for college, not a trade school. Homes and schools instill into kids and teens that the road to success is a university degree. There is that stigma that construction work is hard, dirty work and for those whose lives didn’t amount to much. Unless you have a direct relative involved, not many kids grow up saying i want to be a plumber or put up drywall. Its always the college careers, doctor, lawyer, psychologist, architect, engineer.
2:49 said those exact words to my last “clock in” job (walmart) when i kept getting ignored on promotions over cronyism, nepotism and side pieces, then as a floor associate they tried singling me out over the team’s inability to get the job done by a certain timeframe, as if i were the manager or supervisor in charge of the team’s performance. “I’m done. I’m out” emptied the pockets from that stupid Walmart vest they have you wear and tossed it on their table. Since then i dont visit nor shop at any Sam Walton company. Funny how their stats also reflect the jobs that have lost the most workers are jobs that require catering to Americans, retail, restaurants, hospitality and that oh so infamously under-appreciated education.
Has anybody noticed that we lost close to a million Americans to COVID-19? It would make an impact.
Being well studied doesn't make you smart.
Quitting my job aim retail FOREVER I’ll find something much better
I haven't even watched the video yet. The answer to the question is. When you do to human beings what our government and Society is doing to human beings it changes their will to do certain things. In other words, is it any Wonder after what's been done to us?.
Noboby want to work for someone dream. They want to work for their dreams. Company should share profits.
I gave my resignation  after  30 years ..back in july of 2021h..i suppose iam part of the reset in the labor force ..all business has one goal..now employess have that same goal as well ..thats why the reset happened
Said it from day one... unemployment is not the reason people choose not to go to these jobs...
Because people realize they can make money somewhere else and not be treated like crap for peanuts
It's an HR problem. Ask these corporations HOW they hire. Is it by online application? If I as a 55 year old apply for a position in retail or hospitality or any physically demanding job, the hiring AI just marginalizes me in the database.... so I don't even get a rejection, I just don't exist. So the government calls the millions of us in this age group ... Retired Early. So we are the homeless you see camping in the forest doing 1 or 2 day jobs under the table just to eat. pisses me off... nothing I can do.
If you want to hire somebody, pay them.  Minimum wage isn't going to cut it.
i can't go to the bathroom, prepare and eat my lunch (like a pig), and exhale for a few minutes while on a silly 30 minute lunch break.
My employer FIRED me after I  ran her company for years!!! She said she was afraid I would take her clientele and open my own business.  Then had the audacity to say I quit to unemployment.  This just happened 1 month ago. Now I'm pregnant, and no one will hire me.  She is an emotional nut and the job market sucks! They want a million degrees for limited pay. I would be taking a 20k pay cut on most jobs.  Granted, it's better than the zero I have now but,  once employers see I'm about to have a baby, they don't call me back.
Here's a "ran - Du"m thought🤔...jobs have been hit with a pandemic of the - I'maquit variant. Now that old country song has real relevance as the lady pointed out, taking this job and shoving it. Ppl have to want to be at a place of employment with peace & enjoyment and not just for the b💰g. Ppl want to be around a more respected by the employer/manager type place. Also, with benefits being an issue, ppl that have been working without certain benefits, might as well be without doing something they'd rather do. Some want to become owners in their own right themselves. If you spend too much time growing others vision, you never birth your own ideas. Ppl sometimes forget how to be a person and it can drive out the kindness in the heart sometimes. Bcuz one can feel like I don't have room/ time to be kind, all while losing their mind tryna keep their employment status relevant. You know how a parent/spouse can be so in tune with something & they're asked a question or tapped on the shoulder & turn around like Large Marge from Pee Wee's Big Adventure or Dawn Lewis from I'mma Get You Sucka. Scaring the asker & to wonder what crawled up your hindpart & died... 😂...🤨opinions?
The government got what they wanted, everyone stay home. Now everyone love life for the first time in generations. 🙏
They're not leaving by choice. They either lost their jobs because the death serum or beause they were set up by the democrats with extra unemployment.  People don't just decide to walk off all the sudden in large numbers.  Total democrat propaganda.
The FAuci juice,pay that can’t even pay for basic necessities- a feeling of being devalued, metrics driven , they always want more and more every year with minimal raises, they literally own you 40 hours a week and then to add insult to injury you have to bow down to their tyranny and be injected against your will that’s why I quit
I live in Los Angeles California on disability I wish I could work I can work I just don't have no experience 🤣
It’s karma for not appreciating good authentic workers. For example, it could be in regards to pay, benefits, or simply using power out of context.
I cannot blame people for leaving the restaurant industry and other service oriented professions. During Covid many of the customers took out their anger at masking etc. on the workers they encountered.  Getting paid $8-$15 per hour isn't worth getting verbally assaulted darn near every day.   And of course, during Covid there were many layoffs and businesses going out of business.  No job security, and getting verbally assaulted often, leads to people leaving service industries.
If you are a felon for something futile, they don't want you. Not every felon is a serial killer. Not all felons are alike. And not all felons have committed the crime they were convicted off (thanks to our unjust legal system) Maybe we should allow felons to have a chance in the work force? No?
They tried of being slaves
You gotta be kidding. This question is a joke, right? Stimulus and government handouts
Since the government paid so many people to stay home there are lots of better jobs available figure it out
All the crappola jobs in the US are filled with illegals while the federal government looks the other way and keeps the southern border wide open.
Houses in Greenville, SC are anything but affordable.
Only fools work in the 21st century. The government will support you without  working. I luv it !
It's what Jazz Said, same thing all over the world. It's not a lack of employee problem. It's a lack of respect and pay. I live in New Zealand. Go to any gas station. Go to any dairy. IN the city, EVERYONE is Indian and ASIAN, EVERYONE, they don;t pay properly anymore BECCAUSE THEY DONT NEED TO HAHAHAHAA, cheap labour by the truck load. And then we get called ZENOPHOBES. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH! SURE.
No one can live on minimum wages and work endless hours, mental and verbal abuse by management, and no opportunity to advance especially with inflation sky high
💯👹FJB Administration Policies ignited Inflation Affect Small Businesses.💯👹
I retired early at 60 1/2 I had had it and was over it . I never looked back🏖I wanted to live long enough to be a drain on SS. And I made it.
Capitalism = no dignity for employees!
biden pays me more not to work
People quit because Joe give them free money.
A lot of 55+ Americans are (forcefully) retiring bc companies don't want to hire older people. They think older people get sick quicker which is a "drain" for the company. You think there is no age discrimination in the US? Think again! Your experience doesn't count, your health does. I am sure there is a shortage of labor in certain fields (nursing medical comes to mind), but overall it is exaggerated.
Some of that data is true but not all . I have seen experience age discrimination against people with great experience and many years of work.
I am a healthcare worker of over 15 years, 17 to be exact. We are burned out mentally,  physically and emotionally.  I love helping people are medicine always intrigued me, and the miraculous way the body heals but I think a lack of respect for staff and underestimating their value is the problem and well, people are tired of it. Tired, literally.  I'd rather make less, be happy doing what I do every day with the proper respect. I am brainstorming now to figure out how to do just that.
The biggest problem for me is I keep working jobs that pay around $20 an hour and still can't afford my own place so I live in a shared room house so I don't have to live flat broke as the cost of living keeps raising out of control average rent is around $1000 and utilities are around $500 a month and I barely bring home $2000 a month and you need money to live on food,gas,etc
Probably tired of giving it all back to uncle Sam. Which should be changed to "uncle scam".
Really wish you could interview someone from the post office and ask if they think the job is worth it or not
I think people are tired of being abused.
I quit in 2011. I never looked back at my government job. I am 2x better self employed. Loving life
They have been poisoned and can't get up ..                               they have also  been victimized by a invisible monster,   that only a dead  $ president  CAN SEE  AND FIX.    $$$$$$$$$$$$$ INSURANCE DON'T COVER WHAT IT CANT SEE ................        I WONDER   ALL THE PEOPLE  WHO WERE SOLD ADDITIONAL  INSURANCE POLICYS  DISABILITY INSURANCE   THE COMPANY'S TAKE YOUR PREMIUMS   HOW MANY AMERICANS ALREADY BEING DENIED ???
Wages are very low in my area hoping for better days soon
What a 13 minute ramble of imbeciles trying to dance around the topic. No mention whatsoever of how awful these available jobs are with terrible pay, hours, and no benefits.   There is no accountability of these companies who have been exploiting people for years and it took a pandemic for them to realize $10 an hour is not worth your life.   These clowns will either pay more or sit on their hands.
There is a difference between acting like a hall monitor and a supervisor/ manager.
As always, CBS and other big media are following CIA agendas, one of which is to keep us isolated and weak. They say in this segment that now 1 in 7 jobs is remote, compared to 1 in 67 in 2019. Great. Much less social interaction.  Remember when calling someone "socially distant" was a very negative attribute? Now it describes 15% of the workforce. An isolated people is an easily manipulated one, and the CIA's main job is to increase the power of the wealthiest.
That statistic means no lack in workforce. It means 10% of workplaces are garbage. Better to stay unemloyed than work for a puny wage, in an unhealthy enviroment, being disrespected.
It's because of all the filth in management.
10 minute break and 20 minutes for lunch. Your body aches from the time you wake up in the morning til you get off. I am mentally and physically tired. I'm getting out of there pretty soon. No respect from co-workers, telling on me when I left my station to get a cup of coffee. These people I work with are "SICK".
It's common knowledge a week to week pay check don't pay the bills while government steal are hard earn money to take Food  off our tables ,yes they pay more on jobs but that's not the issue it s cost skyrocketed to the point America s can survive, congress and democrats and a fraudulent presidential election against Trump done this ,I quit I'll never work to pay government taxes for those stealing every penny we make ,ask an American that lives week to week ,you got this show all wrong
Why it's happening because of Joe biden
I'm sick of paying Biden taxes  higher taxes I'm done
Trying to get back into the work force is a mess now! i interviewed for a driver job at an assisted living community 12 an hour .. what i found out at the end of the interview i would be doubling as a activity assistant when i’m not needed as a driver? So 2 jobs with one pay and they see why people are wising up to their foolishness God Bless Us
I work eat sleep and work any hours for as long as they feel like 6 days a week. You wonder why people are saying ENOUGH !!!
The restaurant owner should know damn well nobody want to work for $5.50 an hour plus tips. Can’t nobody pay rent/mortgage with that. Or support a family.
It’s funny how the top 5 sectors were employees are quitting are the most underpaid and most disrespected.
Cus wages have gone up..when starting wages go up..current wages dont...so when you've been somewhere for 4 years..and a  ew hires starts making what your making.. you decide to go somewhere else...starting at a higher wage...
Everyone found crypto
This woman spreads disinformation. I don't trust her as far as I want to throw her.
Work/Life balance in America 🇺🇸 is UNBALANCED…We have woke up during the pandemic…and see life is not about chasing a dollar. Yes, we need money to eat & pay bills. But if you work yourself to an EARLY GRAVE the bills will still be there. Health is WEALTH!
Like in, the state off Texas..
As a healthcare professional for the past 27 years the past two and a half years has been a complete nightmare dealing with Covid. Employers aren’t incentivizing, we haven’t received raises and we have been dealing with more stressful work than ever. Travelers are being utilized and they are making triple the pay that I make as a dedicated employee. We simply feel forgotten. I’ve thought about changing fields but we are working short staffed as it is so I continue to work.
What a one sided piece of journalism. Completely from business owner and management perspective. Speak to more workers
I wonder if Leslie Stahelin will apologize for lying to the viewers of 60 minutes about Hillary, Obama, and Biden spying on trump campaign. Proof is in the courts now. Will Leslie be a hero or just another washed up democrat political operative
Applicants must have a degree, no criminal record, and no marijuana smoking. That will eliminate about 75 percent of the non-government available workforce.
The pay is the problem
Ya cause these dead beats know if they quit their job, the government(aka working tax payers) will foot the bill for these bottomfeeders to sit at home. While the responsible people with pride go to work. It's a lack of ethics, and rise in entitlement. Typical lazy Americans getting more lazy and selfish
Show: people are leaving blue states for red states Everyone: yeah… because the government is demanding you put something in your body or else don’t work
Oh gee let me see …. Medical mandates that demand you put something in your body forced by the government or else leave your job ?
Bidens America
There are so many reasons  - b4 they use  to train ppl in trades but that  was taken out of schools as they outsourced certain  segments  and replaced ppl w illegals at lower  wages.  But then there was a spike in new home bldg. These low wages can't pay $2k rent. I think ppl also realized all the expenditures  that  went to getting  to work, that in reality they could quit and maintain  w only one job. And at these fast food places. You literally   have workers risking their  lives for less than  $10 per hour. And I think the biggest factor  is Uber and other companies  like them. They give ppl flexibility and allows workers to make more pay then working  a 9-5.
Throw me crumbs. NO I AM NOT HAPPY!
Tony Robbins calls it ,,,, interrupting someone's pattern,,,,,,, people got benefits ,,,,,, which made us lazy,,,,, that coupled with socialistic policies...,,,,,,, and the result was inflation and a rise in homelessness.,,,,,,, .so your home becomes your business ....to keep you  from becoming homeless...
How about saying truth it’s per forced vaccinations and people are not down with it you freaking dense knuckleheads!!!!!
It's not the unemployment. Unemeployment makes it hard enough for ppl. Not to be elgible for benefits. It's the ppls money that they worked for throughout their life and they make it impossible for u to be able to claim. Not to mention not being able to get through the phone lines. Ppl are tired
#Van-life.
It’s the mandates
Employers need to treat employees like valuable assets.
A lot of people don't want to be forced to get an experimental vaccine, as well!
Time for a change employees make the call for good in the future.
If people in low wage jobs are quitting, and you cannot collect unemployment quitting a job, how are they paying their bills?
The best answer I have read (on LinkedIn) from a recruiter, was that what is going right now: is that all of the normal reasons for quitting are happening all at once. Combine that with Covid.   The LinkedIn exec is wrong.   No one was ready or could have been.   There's no single reason. No one is even looking at factory, construction,   or other hands on labor. For the same reason we tell kids to go to college instead of trade schools or apprenticeships.
I expected more from this report. Sure there is worker frustration. Most of the help wanted signs are for low paying, no benefits.
What about the millions of people who aren't taking the venom that IS been let go from their jobs and ISN'T ABLE  to work  At other jobs BECAUSE  of them NOT having the venom???? Their NOT letting it known that this is why it's looking like no one is going to work.
Wages are t catching up to inflation
These reporters need to get it straight there’s lack of interest in compensation but they want to work like slaves in exchange of what ? Strip our rights to have us conform so the rich sit there and report on us ?
So everyone has saved so much $$ previous to this they call all just decide they dont need to work? Im not buying that...and Im also not buying that "the lib gov't sending everyone big checks every month "...cause THAT aint going on either.
You are missing women because of cuts in child care,  and schools closing down.On top of it employers are making empty promises, low wages, and not very flexible schedules. I work day in and day out at multiple locations, I'm a single mom who's struggled to find child care, even getting my child in special need school services. The reality is people can't work because the limitations with children, and the high demand for workers creates stressing work environments for those who do go to work. This is true every where.
They aren’t quitting . You just want people to believe they are . There is no paying jobs .
COVID mandates , vaccination and masking is the issue. In education it’s also crt
Is about paying. If they pay you more they will respect you more. If I work full time I won't afford my rent.
I quit my job because I was working 82 hours a week and couldn't get ahead. So if I'm willing to work that hard why not do it for myself.
Nobody want a job that sucks your entire life lie for a 💩 pay without flexibility I’m glad American are working up in that matter ..
https://youtu.be/zF0NHV6zDdM
And yes unemployment benefits, that goes on and on
Well yes of course, when people gets money from stimulus, well yes,free bees without working
It doesn't help that p/o/s/ biden pays people to stay home. They make as much or more that their job paid by sitting home. Thanks biden. Whatever it takes to phuk up the economy is what biden is after.
I have looked for a job that is keeping up with inflation and costs of living. The depletion of careers that make over 6 figures to keep up is slim to none. Every spot of inflation the so called administration is not doing anything. The admin is profiting over all of our suffering.
Capitalism in its essence comes about with the emergence of a middle class. If only a few own much of the means of production and restrict entrance for others then that is a form of mercantilism. And many poor countries that are not socialist in nature or feudal in principle have a mercantile system. Capitalism build wealth and a truly free market spreads it. Haiti is a free market capitalist nation and is much, much poorer than Cuba, a socialist nation. In fact, Haiti is the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere. A country’s wealth is not determined by whether it is socialist or capitalist, but by the amount of corruption, authoritarian rule, law and order, political instability, poor infrastructure, lack of health care and lack of education — all the usual suspects. Conservatives who try to say that all poor countries are socialist are talking out of pure ignorance. Please explain how France, Germany, the UK, Norway, South Korea, China, Denmark, etc, are poverty stricken? They employ mixed economies with public (social) policy and private enterprise. The Bill of Exchange....turning a bill that is to be paid, into a imagined monetary value as its worth it's face value now because someone must pay it in the future. So it is not technically money, it's considered "as money'. The greatest scam in commerce, turning an IOU into exchangeable currency. This is how a car loan or home loan is performed so that the bank does not have to loan out and risk any of it's own money. Your loan agreement is put into the deposit side of the bank's ledger, giving them an asset as it repayment value is set as the asset value. Then the bank uses that asset value in it's book ledger to then cut you a check which you think is a loan of "money" that belongs to the bank. So not only are you then loaning yourself money, which really doesn't exist anyways, but the bank get's interest paid to also, which is illegal. A maxim of commercial law, if you don't put anything at risk you are to derive no benefit. If you don't pay back the bank, they take no loss. But they collect interest along with your repayments, and usually as soon as you finalize the loan agreement, the bank sells it as a mortgage backed security, which should then not allow them to collect payment any longer as they no longer are the holder in due course of the original note. And on top of all that, if you stop paying, they repossess your car or house and sell that too. Talk about fraud upon fraud upon fraud... gotta love Jewish Babylonian Money Magic we call Central Banking!
If people are still living off of stimulus check money, please tell us your financial secrets!!!
Because people are getting sick and tired of other people that they work with that don't hardly work and still getting the same phrase as people who go above and beyond so they get tired of it
ITS THE PAY….BEFORE COVID I WAS MAKING $15 AN HOUR AT A WEAR HOUSE THEY CALLED ME BACK BUT WANT TO START ME AT $9 NOW FOR THE SAME JOB TITLE….I CANT DO THAT….
So many woman in there 50’s that have worked in retail for years are saying “ I’m done”.   I see  it everyday..  retail sucks!!!!  And   to the gen Z kids, get after it!!!
Yuck...Leslie Stahl has been made to look like a complete idiot after John Durham’s report.  She needs to hide use a rock & never come out again.
I wish I could quit my job and work from home, but I haven't found anything paying more than what I'm making now
🔊Living in California🎶
So she should be able to explain to us that the Federal Reserve is phoney and Illegal along with the IRS. AND Americans are not saying take this job and shove. She is speaking from a socialist financed platform TRUMP WON!!!
Why are people not understanding this? It is simple, mandatory vacvaccines!!! Period...
I quit my retail job after 3.5 years, because of unfair treatment from the manager. First time she was treating me wrong, I went to the higher management, and fought for myself. Year later she tried to stick me again, so I just quit. Found another similar job, was there for 7 months. I am planning to give my two week notice tomorrow. Reason is inconsistent schedule and overall unfulfilling and physically demanding work day. Not for a senior like myself. I will stay at home for some time, and will try to find something more age suitable something small and off my feet.
They're not quitting, as usual they are being lied to, there's sanctions on the false prophet aka usa, this is why cargo ships at sea and shelves emptying.
Why are they still asking this question?? We've been telling you for years about the horrible conditions we've been forced to work under. Why didn't you listen to us and make improvements??
Unemployment money. Stimulus checks. I am looking for a $30 an hour job
Perhaps people found out that working for a living is like being someone else's dog. Even a company CEO is just another high pay dog unless a majority share holder of the firm.
So true
Its covid and fear of big city crime out of control.
Motherhood is the most important career on the planet !
I worked long hours for the money. I’m retired now. My family doesn’t know me. I say Bravo 👏
People waking up to the fact that America has been a cash cow for The Rothschild Banking Cabal.People are tired of lousy wages and lack of personal achievement.Youth are interested in having a life than chasing that rabbit
WOW your initial comments are not complete and very generational! Exactly why I don’t watch anymore. Shocked and disappointed at how your representation is so far off!
The gov’t is paying me / paid me to stay home.   Simple.
Shortage of restaurants/hotel etc. Could  hire ppl from LATAM  and done. USA ppl just don't  want to work in a heavy  job. While LATAM  ppl can do that and more because  we are great  workers.
Government  giving  free food, paycheck  for unemployment  plus consumers  getting  worse than  ever.
People have been moving to the locations where there are no covid restrictions.
What about the people who got fired for not getting vaccinated? Ya’ll really not gonna talk about that?
People are tired. Tired. Tired. No one wants to work for peanuts.
Textbook herding. Good luck having value.
Leslie Stahl, when are you going to apologize for being wrong about the Clinton Administration spying on President Trump. You corrupt hack!
It’s because the gov had spoil them with them free checks
What and interesting planet 60 minutes now lives in.    Interesting profiles of people.
Good for the people who worked hard and saved, like me. You youngsters haven't earned the right to quit anything. Gas is going to 10 bucks a gallon, 10 dollar chickens, 3000 per month rent.......I don't care except the poor people.
The days of going into the office are done. I see by the time I graduate college next may I most likely will only need to go to the office once a week to even as low as once a quarter.
Moving= thank sleepy joe
These jobs don't pay enough.. $9 - $15
It’s the mandates. Wake up
LOL, all the statistics are place where you have to deal with the public. If you don't have to deal with humans, then the jobs get filled
Wow! Are you kidding me? You have been fooled by Gov. and big Pharma to keep all in FEAR. Whose voice and understanding do you believe to be true? Many questions answered by scholar Dr. Shmuel Asher. The Land of Meat and Honey and Soul Revolution are must read books. Found on amazon.
Let’s see…  Low pay. Worker exploitation. Poor management. Profits over people. Poor work/life “balance”. 600,000 Americans dead from Covid…
There is nothing civil about war.Coronavirus=Chemical warfare.To control another life is evil.Started centuries ago and still going,going,and going.God created heaven and earth,but humans are in fact destrying his land,not theirs.Money cannot buy true freedom.
Why are homeless homeless?millions of dollars for wars.Money for tanks,jets,missles and you name it.War feeds the wicked rich while we bury our poor.
Vaccine mandates and pay vs inflation.
Possibly providing employees with flexibility for exchange of "leisure" related technological exchange while technically off the clock may sway many to learn the avenues of advancing technology by allowing exchange of personal algorithms anonymously to private sector businesses with patterns for the purpose of integrity based future decisions.
Karin Kimbrough this so called expert says, "People have been living to work for a long long time." She has a degree from Stanford and is still as dumb as a board.
I left my job last year of little over 6 years. I was burnt out 6 days a week 12-15hrs a day in HVAC never going back.  Now I work 4 days a week 10hrs a day. I love having 3 days off every week and having more freedom 😇
I get the low minimum wage thing, but I know people who are making 10 to 15 bucks and hour and are working. Is it better to make nothing and can't pay bills at all or make 10 an hour and at least feed yourself. People are becoming unemployable because they haven't worked for so long, an employer doesn't care to hire someone who hasn't worked for over a year.
For the same reasons they did when Rome inflated the sanctified cow poo out of their currency.  Go give the first 3 chapters of “The Bitcoin Standard”.  Though the extra dehumanizing factor of requiring everyone to wear uncomfortable and useless (per John Hopkins) face diapers while being abused by insane Karen’s who think their feelings are more important than your right to have a conversation is probably only speeding up the demise.
Bidens America
I’m over work.
People are finding that the average work/life balance is completely skewed. The work culture needs to change.
To me, right now we have the type of government that wants people to learn how to depend on them and their special programs. They use the news media to inflame the virus and whatnot also to make people fearful about being around other people. A lot of us haven't bought into that but a lot of people do.
People are done working on employers dreams! It's time for people to focus on their own dreams. ENTREPRENEUR / SELF-EMPLOYED is the new way to get ahead.
I would say they dont want to take care of all the people coming through the boarder!!!!!
I walked away from my job as a industrial mechanic after I was told I was going to be laid off after moving for the company I worked for. They wanted me to stay around and help train the other people before they laid me off. My boss couldn’t believe I did it. I reopened my drain cleaning and plumbing business and I am extremely happy now. One of the things that is happening I believe is people are waking up and realizing they are sick of being beaten down by corporate America.
Many of the entry level service jobs were filled by high school kids when I was that age.  All of my friends and I had jobs in fast food, retail, grocery stores, etc.  At some point they were all pushed out by young adults with no further education or skills.  When that happens, inflation has the upper hand.  Those jobs are not meant to provide an adequate living.  They are merely supplemental.  Now, you're going to have to pay $10 for a hamburger if those jobs are reconfigured to make a living wage.
HI Friends Read Complete Article here :- https://vocal.media/journal/4-4-million-americans-left-their-jobs
At my job This guy was running a whole line y these dummie hire another person at a high rate to do what he has been doing . Of course the person effed up everything now they want him bk . I failed to mention the person they hired made 10 more then him . Now they want him to run the line with less pay . Couldn’t be me. I tell them daily money is my motivation I come here to make money nothing is free in life .
ITS B/C OF THE MANDATES!!!!HELLO!!!!!
There is lost hope in our current Biden socialism. Our country is a disaster! Nobody wants to work to pay back his spending and no one can afford to live in the Biden world! Hopeless....it's easier for people to get welfare from Biden.
Too bad what makes my heart sing can't pay my bills!! Oh wait the government will give me free money!! Thanks Biden
My hubby was humiliated and treated like "you are a dime a dozen"  by employers throughout his life, 4 years of which I've seen myself since we were married. In 2017 he was working at Walmart when he had a stroke at home. I've had to send Walmart  all the paperwork as to his absence within a certain amount of time. I did what I could WHILE taking care of him after he's had surgery and was having issues after the stroke. I did not notice that on his release papers the initial date of hospitalization was a day later than the real one. Therefore they deducted whatever points they did from his "allowed" unexpected absence points (points! like children!) which led to him exceeding the total when our car broke down a few weeks later. Not only was the branch itself   reluctant to accommodate his temporary needs but when the car broke down the manager said he should have walked.. 15 miles, after a stroke, having vertigo and other issues. Of course we couldn't afford a taxi and there was no one around to give him a ride.  So he was fired. At 55. After 4 years of living barely paycheck to paycheck and feeling the humiliation from other employers I decided we were leaving a country with such an imbalance of power and now we live in my home country. He has national health insurance now and we can address his many health issues, which unfortunately may be too late for some of them.  I'm glad the power is shifting and maybe now fair labor will eventually become the norm, backed up by strong laws.
2/22/2022  Many businesses are taking advantage of workers without Considering their health and they Need to start scheduling normal hours which is 8 hours Monday through Friday. They have family to keep up with to and no one lives for ever.
LinkedIn is just another social networking site masquerading as something more.
Thank you for keeping the comments section open.
They're finally figuring out their being taken advantage of monetarily from the big- wigs. Higher pay, benefit packages should be much more generous, especially from filthy rich CEOs..
Once inflation really kicks in and hand outs dry up, along with harsher laws for crimes, people will come back
Because most of these jobs .. suck
My last job my boss was abusive verbally he would call me names you would swear at me and there’s no pay in the world that’s gonna make you want to put up with that and it seems like no matter where you go there either not gonna pay you but they’re gonna make you work harder and harder or they’re gonna abuse you I think the workers need to get retrained and I think the employers need to get trained because their skills with handling with people is terrible
Because unemployment cash is still strong and alive.
It’s simple pay people more. These companies are making billions they can afford it!!!
Lmfao - The people are moving from these places and moving to these places  Points out Democratic cities that allow looting and theft. They moved to Republican ran cities.
There are no jobs for pharmacists
I got you, they are quitting because the government is taking away rights. From the first amendment to everything else. If you are not vaccinated you will be fired in some states. Vaccination went from healthcare to political propaganda... Once things become political propaganda, they get worse. Adding Marxism, communism, socialism into the mix only makes it worse. Just look at a history book or take a look at other countries that have been down this road. No matter how much money is printed it becomes worthless. Then you lose your property , starve, then eventually ether die from forced labor or get killed off by the opposition. I know I went on a rant... Short answer is, the Govt. and all of these "groups" that are supposedly trying to help are making things worse. Lying about things on the news makes things worse too lol. Good luck...
World Leaders replace illuminati bad evil corrupt supporting this virus thats in testing and vax
Vaccine mandates, ya think?
they'd rather get the welfare that goes to illegal aliens
60 minutes is fake news
Vaccine mandates. Oh btw, Leslie.. Hillary spied on Trump's campaign..
Why work when you can just get paid to stay home?
Its the imposition of the POISONOUS JAB.
It's called mandates  And peaple love there FREEDOM Let's Go BRANDON
I'm mentally at the point where if a employer tried cutting my pay I'd cut them. Went from 18$hr to 27$hr. My productivity and attitude are a direct reflection of my pay. You abuse me I'll abuse you back.
Employers SEEM TO BE offering better "insert 'carrot benefit' here".  One CEO gets the pay of 300 actual workers, while 'pensions' are given away by SCOTUS.  Workers are used like kleenex and get the respect given to dirty diapers.  ENOUGH!
Yes, Californians, Washingtonians: come to Red states and vote BLUE.
Underpaid, overworked, disrespect and abuse. Just not worth it to work for some companies.
👏
It’ funny cause now waitresses and waiters are making 400 a day in tips
Blame it all on the Chinese and the world health organization and Great Reset.
Because they’re getting money from their uncle sleepy Joe who keep printing money like it grows on trees 🌳
Go talk with the common person not linked in.  Lol. 60 minutes you are slipping from what you used to be. Read the comments and you will know the answer. Corporations do not have the backs of their workers. They allow the customers to be little them and be rude.
Great reporting...thank you!
Pay us more. I can’t pay my bills with out it.
Workers only work for corporations in their desperate.
The problem has many parts. Wage stagnation, child care issues, people looking for something different from the usual. I think the pandemic was a catalyst for what was already brewing.
The side I see is those to lazy to work. Those who expect a hand out. There is no such thing as free.
3:36 yeah, they're out there, they just won't work for the compensation offered.
i been in the usa for 38 years and retire from a job that i have been in for 32 years i hold my cdl license that i don't even use . if i can't afford to live there i find somewhere better
workers need to get paid first, min one year contract because they must pay 3 months' rents and sign one year lease!
thanks so much for great american credit system, so perfect that the less money you are willing to work for, the higher price you will be charged, you will be charged more than elon musk or bill gates to buy a house, a car or a iphone, what make you think you have higher credit score than bill gates?
2021 nobel winning economics professors used super computors to calculate how much should be livable wage, the min livable wage in bay area should be at lease  $10000/hour, but legal min is $15/hour, at the meantime, uncle tom's cabin costs only 1 million with leaking roof, and a trip to icu costs only 1 million!
Low wages and bosses that want you to keep doing more and more but no raises, benefits.
Many of this "resignations" are actually terminations because the employee didn't want to get the vaccine.
People quit their jobs because Biden keeps giving free money and Biden keeps raising prices on everything why work if all your money is taken from you
I’ll tell you Why Low wages do not pay bills after taxed by The I R Us for more Wars & Capitalism.  Money is controlled by Demons who are Aliens in disguised as Humans.  Homelessness is Much larger then the Middle Class Who can’t even pay their Bills.  Next Up, Who will be Able to by anything if Nothing is being Made.  For those who are paying Attention too the Wall Mark of the Beast & The Amazon Reptilians - can already see ... That Everything is under the Controlling system of “Capitalism” “Slavery” & Corporations Who have More Rights then Humans.  And as Ronald Reagan did reveal, the American System is called  “Voodoo” Economics or the Trickle Down System as Corporations have More Rights then Humans - despite the First Amendment Rights That Are ignored by the Faked Judicial system of False gods.
They forget to mention that 50% of the job openings in America are low wage jobs. A lot of these big corporations rely on low wage workers. And it is clear that they can afford to pay their workers Liverpool wages instead of paying the executives millions and millions of dollars as the rest of their associates suffer.
This is hilarious, all you people who have no job skills are going corporate America a favor.  All the deadwood are firing themselves.  That is awesome.  Now people with real job skills are not having any problems finding or holding on to any jobs and are well paid.  It's only the McJob'ers who are bitching.  Your parents did NOT do you any favors by telling you how special you are for DOING NOTHING.  Participation trophies did nothing but hide the fact that you LOST and were too weak to accept that.  Now you and your lousy generation are paying the price.
If someone voluntarily quits, then don't give them unemployment, no food stamps, no public assistance at all.  Let them starve for all I care.
Try working as a teacher or substitute teacher.  A lot of students just want to be  on there cell phone all day in classes.
This country can’t even keep 24 hr restaurants open for Christ sake but for 10hrs I guess joe has this all figured out though just keep your faith when they can’t even convince McDonald’s rich a55es to stay open 24 hrs you know we f Ed royally f Ed
Heads up people the country is sh/t right now I would grab the jobs for 14 to 16 before the only ones that left are the 9to 10 range just a fair warning ⚠️
WFH is perfect for people who have anxiety issues. Great workers but just can’t handle being submerged into a building full of people they hardly know for 40 hrs a week.
Nobody cares,,I don't I won't get on that treadmill
People want to work from home, have more flexibility to work, and definitely more money. Especially when Covid19 keeps coming back, and bills, food and gas prices are increasing. People are are looking at it’s cheaper, and safer to work from home.
Stupid " Karens"- they ugly & just angry...employees dont get paid enough to put up w these crazy karens
Curious, how are alot of these people affording their bills? Or are they struggling?   And how are these companies still turning record profits before their recent price raises
I drive a Hazmat truck for almost 4 years, I have 0 benefits and no overtime, they just pay me by the hour, I'm quitting soon
No one wants a job because employers don’t pay enough
People got tired of being not paid enough and abused by rich employers especially in the coal mining industry in Kentucky
I love it when the working class really show management who really has the power!!!   Yes, Working Class You Do Have POWER!!!
I think that a big contributing factor is that the work force is historically made up of younger people who nowadays are more prone to be on social media and monetize themselves there. Maybe they can’t all be millionaires but they can make a decent living with wages comparable to retail or fast food on social media without having to work retail or fast food jobs.
Why work for pure trash when you can work for self?
Where do u start…..working isn’t working…ppl deserves better….
We don't t hire people with records,maybe they should rethink that
Stimulus check?? Really?? Stop underestimating Americans. We're cosmic beings with these intelligent things we call brains. It has nothing to do with the stimulus check. People are burnt out from this systematic live to work system.
Not realistic..  made up..  the reality is other...    And definitely not 100% related to COVID.      The workers are fed up of working like crazy but not making a better live to show for it... most living ever day in worst situation.  So not worth the effort.    The only people that profits are the employer...
Veerrrry gooood
Plantains fry pie yummmy 4 +5= 4 a 2 5p
5 a day ill employees
Youngbo moneymobbn love and music
Token 60 minutes
What say you now 60 min? https://youtube.com/shorts/Xme7sAggdPw?feature=share
It is not lack of employee, it is hourly rate pay, number of hours offered…. . I applied for a job in the retail store, I was hired and offered 20 to 25 hours a week, now they cut my hours to 7 to 8 hours a week even though I was never late or absent, because they said the business is slow, ok I understand but why are they still hiring??? Do they expect employee to be loyal with 7 hours a week???
It is not lack of employee, it is number of hours they are offering. I applied for a job in the retail, I was hired and offered 20 to 25 hours a week, then they cut my hours to 7 to 8 hours , even though I was never late or absent and work very hard. The problem is they are hiring more people like they don’t have any employee. How do they expect people to be loyal or to stay with 8 hours a week!!!
Have they also considered quite a number of ppl died or affected by pandemic?
I don't believe the numbers. This is a ploy to bring more immigrants in to fill jobs so employers can depress wages further. Sick!
Gig jobs are taking over. Work whenever you want and no boss.
Employers in companies I work expect loyalty, from workers work more overtime 7 day a week work but don’t want to give noting in return just empty promise . That’s why people quit
This is the divine judgment that America thought would not touch her and until she repent it is going to get worse
And people thought slavery was gone this is a classic case of economic slavery that continues to this very day and it seems to be greed at the root of it .
At the same time, workers trying hard to find jobs are applying for thousands of openings only to hear nothing back. I've heard rumors that businesses that took PPP loans have to actively retain the same amount of staff but get loan forgiveness if they can't find the workers. So they post the help wanted sign and never call the applicants
Well...If their Govt is providing decent unemployment Benefits...why will they work ...??  🤔🙄
Leslie Stall is the best.  Great job Leslie and 60 minutes. I  loved the trump interview. THAT can go on SNL - just the way it is.
Probably because corporate America is modern slavery...
Its almost like its because of the vaccine mandates...
We can say it’s a respect and pay problem over and over again. And they’ll still ask stupid questions like “why are they quitting 🤪”
I can tell you why see why you are questioning Donald Trump's decisions reality just kicked in Joe Biden caused all this Nancy pelosi AOC and all the radical now you're getting a taste of your own medicine inflation those people don't care about America until you wake up and smell the coffee in every other American out there starts fighting for their rights before they are gone and all the gang activity and all the shootings and all the robbing all the stealing letting these criminals out early nobody feels safe going to work they feel like they're going to get robbed on the way or just walking around town you need to wake up and smell the coffee and start reporting for the good side God bless America
Here’s the thing. Americans are tired of scraping by. 15 an hour does not support a family and it’s leaves you working paycheck to paycheck. How are you suppose to plan a future with those wages? How is minimum wage still the same in some states yet the production is higher, and the cost of living is higher than 10 years ago. My grandmother worked for a company for over 30 years and ended with 12.50 an hour. It’s outrageous. If the old norm is paying citizens the same rate with no room to grow for years at s time, this was gonna eventually happen. Americans were able to sit back and really put themselves and their families first! You cannot justify paying employees at an entry level position barely enough to feed themselves. I think that people are finally realizing their worth and these employers who think we are replaceable are the ones that are replaceable!
PAY PEOPLE !!!
We're gonna diezzzzzz
"The pandemic shut the economy down," no it didn't. Government did.
Automation and robotics are the answer
Unemployment benefits during Pandemic : $2,500 a month  Disabled Adult MAX SSI check amount in 2022 : $841  Funny how rich people sometimes wanna blame poor/disabled people for being poor while also not giving them enough to get ahead lol
Companies treat their employees like crap why work from them?
Corporate America sucks
Crappy pay that you can barely subsist on, few or no benefits, no paid leave if you a or a family member gets ill or for maternity/paternity. Being treated like a pariah if you dare to use your vacation time if they give you vacation time, nepotism, favoritism, the gender pay gap, the skirting of health and safety regulations, gosh…I don’t know why anyone would give it up.
How do people get their money? If they aren’t working and are not relieving benefits a
I didn’t go back because they didn’t provide dental 🦷 insurance….
Because our corrupt government pays them more to stay home. FREELOADERS ! .....and lacky Leslie has become a tool of the wacky left. Sad 'journalism' !!
US is not America . US population 100% blood type O . American has no one blood type O . US people more than 99.999999% population are living by welfare under name FINANCIAL . So they quit their jobs .
Employees want flexibility and decent wage, employers want strict hours and cheap labour. If you pat me well, ill think if you are worth my time
Management blames the workers. It’s always the worker’s fault. American workers have been lagging behind European workers for years, They know what the have to do. Raise the salaries, benefits and health care plans are extremely expensive and ridiculous. Workers ain’t coming back. Get use to it. Mr. Manager, roll up your sleeves and start working shifts. The egg on your face looks good on you.
We’re tired of working 12 hour 13 hour days and making little bits of money especially when the prices of everything rise and we stay where we’re at it just doesn’t seem right
If you offer $2 an hour plus tips and then you double it to $4 an hour plus tips, on paper "I've doubled the offered salary" sounds great. In reality, you're still massively underpaying your staff.  This whole thing is just the supply and demand pendulum swinging in favour of the workers, and the capitalist class hate it.
People are tired of the abuse. Most managers don't even have people's skills 🙄.  They just know you show up.. just work. Don't care how the job is done.
I work at Amazon, and they pay us good and great benefits package. Amazon gives us very very flexible hours and they give us PTO (paid time off) and offer VTO (Voluntary time off) if the work load is not busy that day.. not only that, Amazon is always giving us bonuses. It's a great job.
Employers just remember, we are only humans. We have families, we need time for ourselves. We have responsibilities. Foreigners even have more trouble. Had an employee that worked 17 years with no proper break. It was an up and down for him. Hiring and getting laid off. Not thru his own fault but just how the market and the business was at the time. Imagine working with that long with no vacation ...know what I mean.
I refuse to quit a job without having one ali lines up. Some quit and rely on the government to take care of you. Do you really want this government to give you government cheese?
The rich ...They are your "gods"..accept it..and be happy..
They prevent war..the rich that is...they have always in history done anything to prevent war and chaos..they made this great world what it is. They Love IT... They would never harm a soul....only prevent..
They have money..so if you want to live...you just have to follow their simple orders..anything of course...and you will be happy..
Who will take care of you,when you have no money..the rich..so you owe Them.. for life
Your employer must earn to live...and he pays you sallery..he owns you...so do as your told. Be a good human.
And if you do not earn enough...get a second job...
Money creates all...all you want and need..it is life...
You can't exist in The modern times, without money. No money..no food...No house..no.life...
The employer is the one. He pays all the taxes for your health system. You don't..because you are poore.. he takes care of the human kind, because of his money.
Money is life.
Because the employer is the brain.your master.that is why he NEEDS to earn much more than the workers. They should be glad they have a job. No matter how much hours Work..OR pay. They need to accept their place in a world controlled by money.
Feminist convinced women to be proud singe working Moms. Add in the “livable wage” crap and check out day care cost. Then to “help” things welfare and all the free or highly discounted needs given to “low income” and why would anybody less then a licensed professional work? We borrow and give away over a trillion dollars a year in federal and state means tested, income based welfare checks a year. 83 different federal programs alone. That free money helps increase inflation that requires increases in welfare which increases inflation which requires………… We’re in a downward spiral. It can’t continue and won’t continue. How many have been taught to sit home and have no job skills? God help them when that final straw hits the camels back.
“Executive assistant” lol the fact she does it for “3” people show show little she probably does.
Prices go up but pay stays the same. Why bother? You can’t ever get ahead might as well be broke and happy than running the rat race. People can gather and live together in a house and not have to pay a lot. Employers don’t pay enough and don’t offer enough hours or insurance. People are also afraid of getting sick from germs. They aren’t willing to lose their life to make some extra money.
Forgot to mention employers who are requiring employees to get the corona vaccine before coming back or to get hired. Oh and if you are currently working and don't take it your insurance rate goes through the roof.
Increase the wages so everybody can prosper in life
Is this an add for LinkedIn?
Lost respect for this organization. Not news worthy,  bias.
Why are you not talking about Hillary Clinton?
None of this reflects my actual experience.  Who are these people?
This isn't the Big Quit - it's the Big FU.  People found out how disposable they are in this "make money" society/economic system and decided to go make their own lives.  Not coming back?? Gee I wonder why.  They have just discovered the biggest lie that our society and economic system perversely spreads - "equality."
when is 60 minutes doing their report on the Durham file...they won’t because they were complicit...end liberal supremacy...vote against everydemocrat on the ballot
What are they doing for money
Manufacturing jobs are full of shat too.. Corning Cable is the worst place to work
No way I've been looking for a construction job since the pandemic started. Im in the HVAC trade and it has hit the residential side really bad. So looking into new construction and I can't find one. Keep saying they're not hiring or not enough experience🤯. 12 year's installing air conditioning and not enough experience 🤦‍♂️.
Why is this race acting like they work?
Because they're being paid to be lazy, tax payers shouldn't be forced to take the brunt of these people. We shouldn't be paying them a monthy paycheck for an undefined amount of time.
Y’all really need to change this narrative. “Why are employers losing so many workers?” would’ve been a better title. Its high time we put the spotlight back on employers being completely inadequate instead of making it seem like people are just leaving.
People are done with making other people rich. We are tired of working for no money, no balance. We have NO tolerance for BS anymore. Overtime? No. Vacation " request", NO , I'm telling you these are the dates I will be gone, plan accordingly. There is no " request" to it. We WILL work on our terms or not at all.
The participation award generation is hitting the job market.
I think if you are someone who has a “valued skill” then I think you should be picky. If you don’t, which most Americans in entry level, low paying positions lack, good luck. Don’t expect a livable wage from a job that was meant for 16 year old kids in high school. You are NOT a victim!
And then there are places that need help but don’t hire and use up the staff they do have by over working them and burning them out by doing a job that should be split into 3 people but only one person doing… and still no raise for doing so. 😓 exhausted.
Some people die on Covid-19’s
Your joking right? People don't want to be forced nor no one biz about  personal medical choices. You going  to say no proof of that too? Lol  Good lordy I feel very bad for DT all he went through to show us the truth.  Lie after lie after lie.  But, he still stood strong!!! We need all new journalists n Government. Not about L OR R anymore its Good vs Evil.
I make 11.12 after taxes and work in the medical field here in Florida. They have slashed our hours because they have seen that they can make a profit with the smallest amount of employees they can. We are struggling to survive and are getting no assistance. America has taken this pandemic and used it as a road map to making the most money with the smallest amount of staffing. I am struggling to live here in Florida as the prices go up our pay does not change. STOP SAYING PEOPLE PAY MORE WHEN IT IS STILL NOT ENOUGH FOR US TO LIVE. That is why Americans aren't working in the retail and medical fields anymore. I'm tired of living pay check to pay check how about you talk about that. Talk about how the living wage no longer exists and that is why we are leaving the work force
Where’s your apology to Donald Trump ? Durham probe???
This is just a sign that the economy is overheating
Couldn’t have anything to do with companies forcing useless covid mandates could it.
The great awakening
No they not..   0:16 I am like what???? 🙄 what jobs this outta touch boomer talking about.  These people be inventing crap to shift blame🙄   you don't need to wonder it's very simple, they don't wanna pay  n give BS benefits that why we leaving... stop being greedy if you want loyal workers.
Leslie Stahl owes America an apology...60 minutes used to be credible...now just bias liberal supremacy.  What you saw was Biden paying people to stay home..I lived it..I know it...This is Biden creating socialism...you gave people child tax credits, pandemic money, let them not pay rent...what did you think would happen...once they realize they now owe taxes and Biden inflation takes hold...people will be back to work...more bias from 60 minutes...promoting Biden totalitarian propaganda.
Hey stall you owe Trump an apology..your something else old gal.
Hey Leslie Stahl - When are you going to apologize to President Trump and the American people for your role in covering up Hillary Clinton's corruption?  Clinton's campaign created the Russian hoax by hacking Trump's computers.
I think Karin Kimbrough is really attractive! I am still doing volunteer work and seeking part-time employment. I am age 41 and want a job!
After working 30 yrs as a bartender, and a manager, in restarants and bars my whole life what's happening is these horrible bosses and work environments with male chovenist pigs as bosses, I had 3 strokes from all the stress and toxic work enviroment is why women and men are not coming back!  I was doing all the physical work while the men just sat there! Maybe they will start to have to look at there treatment of women, black women especially! Pigs!!! Never again. Now they crying?? Think about how the workers have been treated like dogs there whole life.. what comes around goes around. Karma finally came for them!!
I'll put it like this as simple and with as few words as possible. People are tired of being played while the people in management above them get paid!
TRUMPS RIGHT, You are FAKE NEWS, A puppet for the globalist.
People are moving to Texas and Miami because they're not going to force you to take the vaccine they'll blame it and talk about everything but the vaccine that's crazy
It's simple because they're forcing the vaccine mandate that's why people are pretty new jobs wtf
Construction lying they discriminate that's why they're short 💯
YOU OWE PRESIDENT TRUMP AND APOLOGIZE FROM YOU AND HE BETTER GET IT
This network was once very honest. It’s now democratic
Stop paying people to stay home...this is what Biden is doing to socialize America...stop paying people to stay home
When I was a child. I liked to watch 60 minutes..now I can’t stand the bias..Leslie Stahl lies about Trump.60 minutes is no longer a  credible source...Leslie Stahl owes Trump an apology..if you pay people to stay home they will..that is exactly what Biden did
It is always the same during history: The work-givers are trying to take away the workers selfrespect step by step. -Turning these people into theire slaves. They pay less and less money, let work ovetime and treat theire workers like second-class people. And than they are wondering how it comes when things are not going well for them because theire workers are looking for a way out, instead of appreciateing theire 'fantastic' workplace!
Opinion news.  Proven to be wrong on multiple occasions.
What about nearly millions died due to COVID( createing vaccant position) , don't you think that has big effect?
This lady should be FIRED!
What about the Durham Investigation... Huh Lesley? Where is 60 minutes now? looks like you've made the news, not reporting it anymore...... Your credibility is in the toilet going round & round.... I'm SO surprised @ 60 minutes. Wont be watching you ever again! But then. why would you care.....
Quitting jobs because leftist government has given them money to stay home in exchange for votes (bribing them)  Moving out of crime ridden leftist cities for conservatives safer cities
It's simple, just more of business killing the middle class. The business model of the last twenty years is to pay a wage that insures perpetual  servitude and the public has decided to take the proverbial  poison  pill. Folks  don't want to spend  their  lives working just  to stay poor.
at 8:52   the lady who just decided to quit .. Good thing her husband was working to carry her.. Now reverse that to where the man just decided to quit and he has his wife to support him...  How long would that marriage last...Never hear a feminist talk about that.
Is the black dude still hiring?
No Trump apology here either... the cockroaches scury with the light of PROOF shows up.... typically and pathetic
I'm employed and entrenched in a senior position, thankfully, but I read these stories about jobs with a huge list of requirements including a demanding and expensive degree or two paying the same salary I was earning as an admin assistant right out of high school back in the late 1990s. WTF? Employers are surprised no one wants their crappy jobs?
I quit my six figure a year career when covid happened. I wasn’t about to wear a mask and be forced to inject something in my body for any amount of money. Now I have my own business, I don’t make the same money but the time I get with my family makes up for it. Money isn’t everything.
Or maybe it's because employers are forced to force people to get a medical procedure they don't want?
American don’t want the vaccine that’s why they are leaving there jobs
Yeah quit giving them taxpayers money and they will be begging to go back to work
What this pandemic have show people that they are controlled for there happiness so lot of people start there on business work for themselves be there own boss
Quit Work to end Tyranny ..Quit paying Mortgages ..Quit Paying gas and Electric ..quit Sending your kids to school and Home School ..Get Food Stamps ..Get Government Help ..Put All your money away and take it out of the Banks ..Onlyway to end Tyranny is quit Supporting Tyranny ..Use Truck stops to Shower and CB radios to Communicate ..End Governemt by using Government ..Eliminate Assets and Pull all ypur Money out of Banks ..Hide all your Money..Close down your Bussiness's ..
🤷‍♀️
What the Clinton did is Treason You should report on the Clintons spying against a sitting president Trump. O and bring the truth at least be honest for once in you reports. Theres is documentation and soon.
Everything changed when we the employees became a number. We were no longer an asset to the company we could be replaced by another that would do the job for less with less. There was a time when you got a job, got the training{on the job} and you worked that job for the same company until retirement. It was called loyalty{by both the employee and the company} you had pride in the work you did and did that work with the knowledge that your company respected that work and paid you accordingly.
In the UK, the difference between being unemployed or working for the minimum wage is £1 per hour.
Restaurants treat their employees like crap, and expected them to come crawling back after the quarantine. Well, it didn't happen.
And it doesn’t help for the company to say you have to take an experimental vaccine to keep your job.
Love this new way!
shadow  gov  with  fake president  on the front  terrorize    Americans    for  keeping  mouths  shut up  .  because  if not  they will loos  the jobs.   thsi  is   communist terror .  It  is  new  Gulag system  based on.  all  politians  who  are  influence  on  police   role  in  community life  are  do  the  crime.
Pay your employees 20 per hour and stop payi g crap wages take a pay cut ceo or we wont work rather catch up on sleep or backpack europe
Rent is 1500 to 2500 per month minimum  wage help wanted signs pay $8 per hour or less
Leslie has had way too much plastic surgery, but is still pushing the leftist ideology.   She never mentions the 1.9 million new illegal aliens let in during 2021, and the effect that millions of illegals have on lowering wage scales.
I couldn't handle the toxic workplace anymore. The bullying, backstabbing, etc. It destroys mental health.
How are they paying their Bills?
I think it’s funny that democrats In democrat cities are leaving for republican ones
They act like this is such a mystery and devote such time to analyzing it: PAY MORE. GIVE SERVICE WORKERS A LIVING WAGE.
You should of asked her why she quit the FEDERAL RESERVE and what was she thought of working for the most corrupt banking cartel ever assembled in US history?
Cost​ is​ high.. Hiring​ should​ start​ 20$/hour​ so​ it​ will​ be​ balanced​ with​ living​ cost.
The question that is STILL not being asked enough.  What are people doing for money?  The woman who quits, yet has a husband working full time.  That is not a story.  Tell me about the young people who are not married.  What are they doing for money?  Where did they find work?
People are leaving state’s governed by Liberals and are movie to state’s governed by Republicans!  HELLO!
People be like.... should McDonald's workers make 25 an hour? Supply and demand. Demand is highest and supply is lowest. How long are we gonna keep lobby closed and help wanted in the windows?
F F L thats what ex felons are in America' Fxxked for life.
Federal governement has 33000 jobs a felon can never Do" Example "Making false teeth.
If you have a felony record they wont hire u. Biggest plainest prejudice in the Country is against X felons.
There sick of democrat's Malarkey tour.
Indian from across the pond , this what is screwing America up.  Get them lower skilled people , retirement go me,me,me.
But don't you know, we need to further restrict immigration.
NO!! I see it first hand , I don't have any experience but I want top pay!! Get ready if you want your air-conditioning or heat ! you are going to pay big$$$$ for it!!!
Stagflation! Cost of living and wages are out of balance! Check to mouth is no way to live!
How  do these Gen Xers expect to pay their bills? You have to work when you must pay rent, raise a family, put money away for retirement. I have tried hiring young people and all of them seem to believe they should be offered $30/hr. and nothing less and no commitment to stay for a extended time.
I am struggling with this on a daily basis. I work in a toxic work environment with frequent yelling and cursing. A skeleton crew of a company that needs at least double our (four) employees to run smoothly; we are expected to work nonstop 8-5, ineligible for overtime without ever getting positive feedback. My job is so demanding that I don't even have the energy to look for work at the end of the day, and this is the second Saturday where I'm too burnt out to even leave the house.
They want those Government checks , their lazy.
So what are these people living on? How are they paying their bills? Could it be the people that are still working, their tax dollars. Unemployment checks? Kinda like freeloading off of tax payers?
The Great Reset is very well explained in the book  "The Great Controversy" especially in the last 8 chapters. Dr. Peter McCullough said that too. and this video too;  https://youtu.be/B49F3fI5vOo
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...
Bad administration  and policies  that is why. Horrible  administration
Employers:  They're just no one out there to work.   Employees:  No, we're here!  But just don't want to work for YOU.   Gone are the days of smiling and bearing it! Sorry no more.
Cost of living is going up way too much and bosses do not want to pay enough they just want to make too many excuses to pay a fair minimum wage these days.
It all about the pay it the pay problem how you gonna expect me to live on 2000$ a month with 2 kids family I am a hard worker I am continue to looking for better pay job American are also lazy people not all of them but lots of them are taking the benefits also bec they depend on the government system but that is not also truth it about the pay and the budget I barley eat gas is expensive food is expensive gas cost me to work 320$ a month I commute 40to50 mins to work every day cost me too much gas money lots of company won’t hire you if you don’t have experience
For examples that can relate with this, check Indeed, and news channel of what happened for another reason.
One thing of all these openings are the needed experience, how many years experience, degrees, Covid, high prices for college degree, employers, prices for vehicles and gasoline. Finding a job to afford what we can without as much problems.
So basically they need people to work, yet they don’t want people from other countries to come that can do these job because they will take their jobs
Goooood
Companies exploit and don't practice actual capitalism...
I'm still working but furloughed next week. I was so happy when i heard I'm getting the week off, i almost cried. It's Saturday and i have to work to be off next week. Ill have 58 hours in before my furlough.    My week will begin by taking my daughter to the dentist. It will end taking her to the Dr. I'm a very responsible person but caught between being my childs mother and father. God blessed me with the week off. I won't get point at work to take care of my daughter.   I'll probably go back to over time after next week but that's ok. I just need some time outside of work.
Hang stalking and propaganda
Give more $$$ to retain employees!  Share the $$$ to employees instead of giving more to only one person (CEO)!
Employees: Its a matter of supple and demand.  Employees are in demand.  Time to change company policy and benefits and programs.  It must be a new beginning.  As so with the American migration for better living and work.
It's called the COVID and they left for not getting in a  danger zone and threat to die.
I read the sign;  My freedom is more to me than a job.
Because they are tired of throwing their lives away wirkin fir an exploitive buncha arschlochs. En ist ein arschloc. ! Kaput !
Low wages per time work is what they're being offered it's not enough to make ends meet
Because the system sux
I left 13 years of the banking world to pursue my passion for technology! I now work for my boyfriend IT business and couldn’t be happier! I left last year on good terms.
People are going back to the stay at home mom, what was normal reality  before WWII. Dad worked Mom stayed home. ( more stable for children, and often their were grandparents  also in the household, especially  if elder care was needed, or one parent was the oldest of their siblings)
American people are lazy, the government pay them to stay home
Shifting to new balance.
Don’t want to be forced into vaccination against their will duh
theres no labor shortage. these jobs are staging interviews. they need loan forgiveness.
Simple, they are getting paid by tax payers through the government. Doesn't take a genius to figure that out
Its called government burden.  Nobody wants to wear a mask all day for minimum wage.
People in retail just have had it with low pay and being treated like sh*t by both the employer and self-entitled customer.  This is the product of decades of "customer comes first" mentality.
Stocks and real estate assets have artificially been inflated by fed. Boomers and near retiree retirement portfolios have exploded due to fed printing. Do you blame them for wanting to leave the job market?
if you are sitting on loads of funds you can be choosey but if not you have little choice.
22million jobs lost due to biden nobody else.
Some work environments have no room for flexibility.
The presenter looks and sounds like Barbara Walters clone.
Lazy that’s why
WHY IS THERE NO LATINO INTERVIEW IN THIS REPORT BECAUSE THEY WILL TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT WHY PEOPLE ARE QUIETING 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😉👍🏽🙄🙄
Melissa-“There is no office that can offer me what I have in my house”  👏🏿💯
Most people are leaving the hard labor jobs for minimum wage, there that’s it period
OH, for heaven's sake, read "Atlas Shrugged" by Ayn Rand.  We are living through the government's takeover of our lives. People are just walking away from the nightmare.  Who is John Galt?
Remote work is the smart way for the future - LIFE BALANCE MATTERS Employers need to realign their layers of management to accommodate the new way of getting the job done - work smarter not harder!
A lot of people don’t want jobs they want Careers  with pension healthcare vacation/sick days profit sharing  respect etc. profits/revenue doubles worker pay is less and less  not a worker problem it is a employer problem .
Because we are fed up with all this BS. Wages have not changed drastically in 2 years. Wages play very little role in this. If anything they’ve stayed stagnant or gone up. What else has changed in the last 2 years? Rhetorical question alert. You all know what. That’s what’s driving this.
https://youtu.be/DtUJpWYtGWM
That Mr Jordan bent the rules to attract talent, and that's how it should be 👍
Trump did great.  Got the playbook to prevent a pandemic, threw it away.  He is the reason!!!
Us truck drivers more work no higher pay what a joke
I'm fortunate that I haven't ever "worked" a day in my life. I make a good living doing my hobby. Get into something you like to do you have it licked.
Basic economics.  Supply and demand.  If what you are offering (pay, benefits, work environment, education/training, future potential, etc.) isn't enough to attract workers then you, the employer, need to up your game. Simple as that.  You have to give employees what they want/need.  Sometimes it's about salary, but sometimes it isn't.  Sometimes it's about how you treat people and what you have to offer other than just financial benefits.  Example is the guy who called a prospective employee every day for two months.  He showed that prospect how much he wanted them, how much he valued them.  I hope he also offered them a nice signing bonus and salary increase, since he said his business was doing so well.
No one wants those crappy jobs and the immigrants stopped coming in flux since the Trump administration started so, this is what it is.  Not only are the jobs crappy, but the work environments are so ridiculous.  Unprofessional and demeaning.
food stamps baby!
In truth its pay. How they expect me to go to work when i can't even afford to get to work. For too long employers played the its not my problem card
It’s happening because it was designed simple
What savings? People are doing without.
Take this job and shove it! Remember the french aristocrats?
People have moved home, gone back to school,  doubled up on housing....
Try educating and training the poor INSTEAD of paying crap with no insurance and no rent control.
Total crap pay in the face if possible death? No! No health insurance, no full time hours, no future.
This "Great Resignation" is a farce - some people were forced out because they choose their health / religion / conscience over what "Big Brother" is telling them, and coercing employers to abide by.
People quitting is BS , just scare tactics from the government for some reason . If this is true then tell me why unemployment is 4.1 % instead of 25%
I worked in construction from 2009 to 2012. It’s probably one of the most corrupt fields of work in any industry. Workers have to pay for majority of their own tools. You have to provide your own transportation, because you’re ridding around to different construction sites. When dead lines are approaching you’re threaten to work a ridiculously amount of overtime for and on weekends or you’ll be fired. After the project(s) are done they usually lay off a bunch of people, and try and figure out ways to fire people they don’t like to deny them being able to get unemployment. People say learn a trade and you’ll make a lot of money. Unless you’re licensed in that particular field you’re just a helper and majority of them barley make $15 an hour.
Such a puff piece, wages weren't brought up once, kind of a waste of time
What kind of living is paycheck to paycheck? It’s not. So tired of it.
Someone come put their grandma in a home plz. 60 minutes is a worse joke than Pete Davidson.
Who can tell us why this is happening YOU SHUT DOWN THE COUNTRY FOR A VIRUS WE WERE FORCED TO QUIT
The spiritual reassignment. 🇬🇧🤣Paid the correct wages.
Most of the population are old. Simple as that. Amount of people being born is not supporting what we have already built… there aren’t enough people to fill the positions
Imagine if we weren’t always so annoyed by people trying to come here to work…. Oh yeah Mexico for how long? Oh that many decades..
After 40 Years of construction my body has given out and I've been just thrown to the side like a piece of trash..no pension no benefits no healthcare.. no income..
LinkedIn is bull💩 spies  Indeed  is controlled by bots as well as this platform  The news is next  No one is listening anymore
So how r this people payin their bills?
Equity and equality. Employees want that. Management does not offer that in most organizations.    Value has value. Not paper. Not 0’s and 1’s. You have value not money. The more money things cost, the more people are realizing money is worthless.    Money is a necessary evil. Find a job that appreciates your value.
Anja! Moving to Red states 🧐running from tyranny states why don’t say that? Here in Florida we have freedom and we are not force to wear the not efficient and unhealthy piece of trash in our faces!!!
Raises ask people deported a lot of people wrongfully and that's the reason why  nobody they working
In some instances, COVID brought some families closer and they realized they could do without all the material “stuff” they have been working so hard and long for.  Peace and Love trumps vanity, Families merged!
PAY US  Problem solved  That restaurant manager saying that there just aren't workers out there. No. They're out there. They aren't applying because your pay is crap, your benefits are crap, your work schedules are crap, your work conditions are crap because you're understaffed because no one wants to deal with your crap pay, benefits, schedules, and environment.
As a retail worker it’s also the customers that ain’t helping either.
This is simply the consequence of anti-immigration policies from the Trump administration.
Here's the easy truth.. attrition!! Anyone miss that? If you don't get it still it's because your education system completely failed you.
That 1 in 7 for remote jobs does not surpize me at all, I am actually in the running for a new job that will be remote  in SaaS, and leaving bartending after 20 years in the industry
These jobs are garbage and it's not true there is better pay when inflation is at a 40 year high!
We are tired of being slaves
Literally have found office jobs with a couple of large corporations, printed out four to five pages of extensive job duties and expectations, go through two grueling interviews, then offered a ridiculous $14 an hour, expensive benefits, one week vacation with two weeks max, chained to a cubicle desk from 8-5 with a one-hour lunch break. Or the other job, 8:30 - 5 with a half hour break. Just not worth the pay check. I’m not a “millenial” and absolutely not lazy. Just no.
This is really a great video, but as for me I make  huge profits on my investment since I started trading with Mr Harry Webar.
Hello USA we from Asia to.your in county we very ready to work now  as soon  possible ,just give that opportunities to people very much willing and passion
People in the US always were loyal workers and would stay with a job bcus the company would award loyalty but now those companies don't exist. The companies have taken the good workers for granted so now you have the new generation who cares not about loyalty at all. Sad these companies forgot about playing somewhat fair like ceo to employee pay difference %. It use to be 10 to 1, now it's over 30 to 1.
Benefits from where 🤣. Pay people more period.
$, need an increase from 7.25federally. It's insane to believe any1 can survive off of 14,500$ a year. Try living on that
Brandon is the reason
I hope Neil Young will remember a southern man don't need him around anyhow. Turn it up......... Let's go Brandon
To get that government check
I am quitting next week. Why?  I drive one hour each way to the site, they don't pay back gas, mileage or tolls. I haven't had ONE single day of vacation, PTO or sick leave last year, but when I got covid they forcibly took my Vacation to pay for it. I can't afford sandwiches for lunch, but I am supposed to deliver perfection for when my boss comes with his Yatch to inspect the site. They offer no insurance, and I don't qualify for medicaid, I work construction.  No more. I am not the only one. Employers that don't treat labor honestly, should not have the right to exist. I'll rather find a side gig under the table than being exploited like this.
How about it's an employer problem." Working six days a week is not is not and should not be normal" (very sincere look of confusion on bosses face)
We literally have signs on our doors that say….  The whole entire world is in a shortage of employees, so please be respectful and courteous to those of us who have showed up.    #essentialemployees
And maybe yt has a lot to do with it
I think people now are rethinking their pupose. So do what makes us happy. YOLO
Average people are not putting up with the harassment in a disrespectful for low wages anymore people need at least $18-$19 an hour starting off at McDonald’s people have families we have kids America at one point was a country where you can strive and strive and be successful now it’s all about price tags if you can afford it you can if you can’t oh well late bills or high water bills are high rent is through the roof insurance is ridiculous you cannot survive out here in America anymore that’s why so much crime is being committed because there is no real opportunity or fair compensation on these jobs in order for a person to even put up with it anymore
at lower paying jobs alot of people did quit because of the free money,along with the fact no one could be evicted. And as a snowball effect,it put more work on the employees that remained. Which caused them more stress,feeling underappreciated,overworked. Hard to keep doing that when you see so many other people sitting around ,collecting free money and living rent free. And no I don't fault anybody for sitting around and collecting  free money if the government offers that. I just see it as poor people using the systems loopholes the same way the wealthy do. Just remember the wealthy are normally getting a leg up by using those loopholes. If your not gaining by sitting around,I'd suggest getting back to work to advance yourself.
I’m all for going back to closing on weekends. When I was a kid, Safeway closed at 3:00 on Saturday and closed on Sunday. I would love to see us go back to reasonable hours.
Still happening 💯 lol 2022
Vax mandates
Seems like the perfect time to open the southern border and let millions of people illegal trespassers come into our country doesn't it? Makes a lot of sense if you don't think about it
Wear a mask an get vaccine, or loose your job
I have quit alot jobs but I ended up taking another similar job in the last 10 years. I would like to know for those who are quitting  how are they supporting themselves and are they getting  better  situations. I would quit my job tomorrow except I do not know if I would get something better.
The employers suck, simple.
Free money from government, Covid, young generation are more entrepreneurial, gig economy
I didn't quit, my job, I was laid off, but have been denied unemployment for over 6 months.  Saying I did not work 20 qualifying weeks. I worked 12 years with over 40 + hours weekly.  Thanks demonic craps that voted biden & his cronies into office.
There’s no one hiring they say help wanted untill you put in an application lol
Omicron is a very low variant,  the news media keeps pushing that nonsense...
Stick it to the system 🖕
People are tired of working for chump change
I have to think a lot of people know they won’t pass a drug test either (people got bored during the pandemic) so they don’t bother to apply.
Companies take advantage of there people nowadays no pension no bonus no nothing besides higher and higher taxes!!!!
The owner of the construction company saying “we doubled our revenue year over year so we don’t have a work problem” - that’s the problem…revenue for the company doesn’t directly translate to happy workers…
Hello
Maybe 60 minutes should do a whole series on workplace environments from the view of the workers,  and not the corporate owners. See where the real toxicity is. See how people making $15 an hour or less are actually treated.
How long have people been treated as replaceable bodies?! In every industry!! Us "worker bees" are done making other people rich.  Once they realize they actually NEED people to make money maybe they will start being fair all around. If not many of us have the skills to go elsewhere.... remember all this applications you trashed saying "over qualified" or "needs masters degree for entry level pay" 🤔  Employers did this to themselves.
I am so inspired by the trends that are working in favor of the autonomy and ethics of the country's workers. It seems better than unions. Employers are forced to meet us on our terms, if they expect their company to survive.
when one can draw $1000.00 a month from the government why not quit work.
"We doubled our revenue year after year" and yet they couldn't keep their workers? Because they are getting rich while their workers struggle. 🙄
It used to be people would have to prove themselves and earn their raises.  Now you can't get people to work mainly because the Gov is paying them more in unemployment than they can make working.  It will crash our entire economy eventually and that's working right into the socialism plan.   This program ^ should show real life clips of people standing around and texting when they should be working.
Sick of living in garbage NYC. Born and raised here and cannot wait to leave for the south!
But yet ya need workers and when ppl fill out applications they don’t hire them. They say u not qualified but yet ya need workers we’ll train them so they can be qualified and get that experience duhhhhh
I am 63 years old & never had a problem getting a full time job until now. This pandemic has made such an impact on my chances of getting a job. My age should have nothing to do with my job performance. I have been turned down for some of the craziest reasons that I had to learn how to laugh at them. I don’t want to work from home, I need the social interaction of the work force. I just want to work. I’m in healthcare & now I’m working a job that I hope that proves to be fulfilling but we will see. But my main concern is people in management positions need to learn how to treat people with respect, bottom line. My supervisor on my first week with this job tried her best to get me to engage with her but being the older & wiser person, I refused & instead said “yes ma’am “. Finally at the end of the week she realized that she had lost that battle. But, definitely management needs an attitude check if any company expects to get & keep good employees.
14$hr rent was 800 for small one bedroom apartment. Now 1500$ lol
The worst thing you can bring to work is a gun, second, politics.
Why didn't they interview any workers for this except the one person whose boss was also being interviewed? Why don't they ask about the conditions workers had to endure in some of these jobs? Seems like a pretty business friendly spin on the Great Resignation. And we wonder why no one trusts the news anymore.
Millennial are the most laziest people I have ever met.  they want big pay for doing nothing..complaining that you need experience or schooling..they are lacking skills..but want top pay..makes me sick.remte jobs are on the rise ..why? Because Millennials don't want to go to work they can stay home and work in pajamas.they have caused the working class to be a all time low.why are we catering to them don't get it
Stupid lady. Part of the problem is vaccine mandates that have adverse side affects depending on individual, low pay, and working for 20 yrs ain't gonna give you the option to pass down to kids or build wealth  . We watched and heard Jeff, and Elon make billions in 2020
linked in or lying ?
Time to work folks!! get real
I LOVE IT! I just started a job that is clearly two positions in one.  The pay is insulting, everything is high priority which makes it a very stressful  environment.   I applaud anyone who finds a way to make an honest living outside o f the workforce especially if they are doing something fulfilling that makes them happy.
https://youtu.be/2CXIyZ0ydwU
These young generation don’t believe in hard work, working from the bottom on up. They rather take a chance to be YouTubers lol 😂
I am very troubled that the reporting by 60 Minutes puts a positive spin on working for companies such as Worxsbee.   Their jobs are 1099 positions which means that the employer does not contribute to social security, provide insurance, access to a 401k, or other benefits.    In the long run these jobs are a major setback in terms of long-term quality of life.    The loyalty to the worker is purely lip service.
We don’t need tuition money but  We need survival wage.
Business are down ever since Covid started business got hit bad what options do the owner really have good business got hit hard oil industry got hit hard dealers mechanic list goes on I don’t understand where they want to work who’s going to pay more ?? It’s the tech geek who messed up Bay Area real estate market
Fire the Unvaccinated!
Did they actually say that it was that the government benefits were keeping people from wanting to work???!!! Ha! That is not enough money to live pass 2 months. The price of gas, shelter, and food will eat those benefits up quickly!!! What happened is that Covid forced people to stay home. In that, they realized that going out is a luxury they did not need as much as they thought they did. And, staying at home; not going out to eat or to malls to buy clothes or other unneeded things, saves money. Therefore without the extravagance of life, you don't really need a whole lot of money.
You guys wanted a socialized country I'll stop complaining about it you got your wish.... Your government paid you to stay home well what did you expect..... Now suffer the consequences.....
Americans are being overworked,No wonder why they can’t supervise,their kids,results kids become unsupervised,get into Trouble
Companies doesn’t care about them greedy corporations,so workers doesn’t care about them either 🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
People are tired of spending over half of their time at work while being able to barley afford the bills. The average person doesn’t have the means to take a vacation.
Lots of comments about employers...  states make them laws.. lots of bs ... salary positions that over work you..  lots of problems.  States need to change labor laws
Why aren't they doing work release with more prisoners..   atleast they show up for work.
So, Bernie Sanders was right.
People are not going back cause they keep getting a damn check. Wake up!
People are Tried of Struggling. Being Paid Slaves. And these Mask Nuts.
Mostly low skill low pay jobs I’m not worried the open border will solve the employee shortage pretty soon .
Interesting: more people related the job is, higher the quit rate and vacancies. Its like: We hate people movement.
This is all bs  comments included
Got laid off in 2020 and went back to school to get better pay with less physical work, and opened a business with my savings, now after school I might just focus on growing my business.
Why are Americans getting fired for not complying with corrupt leaders that’s what you really mean
No one can survive on $10/hr. Pay bills, food. Medical goes on
Shut up leslie!!!
People in America are tired of the greed machine not taking care of the people who take care of them.
They aren’t choosing to. They are getting fired if they don’t get the mystery shot!
There are a few points that are being missed here. It's not just this great reflection on self worth. 1.) We had a lot of workers die from the pandemic which would open up their positions for others to move for. 2.) Many employers increased or added to their medical mandates. One of the big problems the hotels in the vegas strip have is actually the refusal of about half of the work force to be vaccinated or pay a weekly penalty with proof a negative test. Hiring managers would say yes there are plenty of people applying but none willing to comply with the medical mandates. 3.) Cost of living is all off balance in every city. Rent is too high, and too many people who left their expensive homes in states in California were able to buy 2 nice homes in smaller cities. This also goes into the sad joke, for people who don't own homes, of "I can afford a 1200 rent but the bank says I can't afford a 500 mortgage".    Burnout and lack of loyalty from employers is maybe a third of the whole reason.
She nailed it when she mention “affordability”.
Why work at m McDonald’s for $10/hr because u have no education when you can just get a check from the big guy every month for more $ lmao
For the people who have not quit work..are having to suck it up and work extra to make up for the shortage of employees...management is having to deal with a loss of quality people and then they lean harder on the people they do have...fedex is having to deal with this...the management people treat the employees they do  have worse...management cant believe the quality of people going down and down...what used to be a hard job to get..fedex..now will hire anybody....long story short..workers getting treated worse...and not getting more pay either...something has to give soon..we will see..companies that are demanding to work for...fedex will suffer more than a company that has an easy job...like security officers...simple..
BECAUSE NO ONE WANTS TO GET FORCED VACCINES!!
Where do they get enough money to survive?
And then the elephant in the room: there are those who believe they should not have to be required to be participants in the most massive drug trial in medical history in order to keep their job!!! How about those open positions highest in healthcare sector!?! HELLO?!
1 million working age people died of COVID. Democrats made it profitable not to work by pumping free money to workers. Calculating gas price for commuting and other expenses like baby sitting, it is cheaper to stay home.
I quit because of the stupid Joe Biden
Wait till 5g, metaverse, web3, comes into full force.....100% of the employees would opt to work from home....
I'm quitting, my employer is forcing us to come in the office, and after 8 years of working remote, I see the savings I made from not driving or wasting time in traffic, able to work out  everyday and better my health on my lunch,help the environment by significantly cutting your carbon print.. I mean what other proof do these greed ceo"s other than Savin money on their real estate and light bill and people actually producing more at home, you can take your job and shove it up your arse.
Just wait it will get much worse
New hires getting paid equal or more than senior ones, and still expecting them to train the new hires. Senior workers losing their yearly increase due to company-wide pay increase. Salaried employee working overtime with no compensations. The list goes on and on.
And the small number of wealthy keep getting wealthier - not based and skill, talent or intelligence - but based on privilege and connections.  Speaker Pelosi immediately comes to mind.  This is wrong and people can see it.
My employer lost the contract to another company and the new company promised to honor employees' benefits based on the seniority from the old employer if they stay with them. Two years later, new employer is  resseting the seniors' benefits to the date they took over. Telling them they would have to start all over if they quit and get another job.  Talk about loyalty and respect.
People expect way too much to do menial tasks and expect to get rich off the job .
Covid mandates democrat leadership and stupidity
replace these people with robots and when the handouts stop and the welfare stops...don't hire them back. let them drown in their lifestyles.
Well like I always say everything is going up but the pay and they want us to spend all our days at a job that don't care about us🤷🏾‍♀️🤷🏾‍♀️
People are tired of slaving for the White Man. 💯💯💯💯💯💯
Because the government is trying to exterminate us.
We know war is coming so we're enjoying the last days!!!!
These people have fantastic teeth.
This piece certainly was skewed toward the blacks to try to show that they were great workers when I know for a fact from my experience that they and that means blacks or some of the worst people that you can hire America needs to face the facts about black people and how they try to manipulate
Aby boomers retiring.
Also technology has merged as new revolution of labor, go to Walmart, there are more self things to do… worked for corporations since I was 16, and most of them treated as you’re a number, replaceable… I found my company in 2021, now I have more time to find my way to get income, I work with people, not for people… how lives with 10-15 hr? Had 2-3 jobs before in order to pay my bills… that has changed for good 😊
Why should they work. They get a check from the government. How are they Getting payed is they don't have a physical address? This is sad. The government did this.
Clearly there will be variations across job tiers and fields but I quit my job in IT because my employer cared nothing for my 20 years of service and experience, choosing to micro-manage my every decision instead.  When I was younger and needed the income that was acceptable [though still not wise] but now that I am older and established financially, I needed them to meet me halfway and hear my concerns.  They were unwilling to do that and I was unwilling to keep asking them to.  It's been 5 months now and I don't think I've ever been happier.
Why it is a mad house in the work world ..Had no idea this was going on. Make America great and we are in so manyvways.. Although it takes money to make  it great.. Homes education  and food humane behavior as well. Meanwhile we have a lot m of homeless to.look after in America. Oh I forgot the new people coming  to America in the middle of the night they have a nice home lots of food nice clothing laying around having babies watching TV and taking our jobs.. sure is difficult  to try to understand.  What what did you say. What a shame..
They must be very rich to walk away from their jobs.   How do they live after…..
And I bet the age group driving this demand is millennials/Gen Y and younger! We are realizing that we do have options and can have control over our lives and balance. Unfortunately, older generations are jealous or seem us lazy, etc. I see/hear it every time I talk to someone older than me! 👏🏾🤷🏾‍♀️💯
They were fired over Fascist mandates. Democrats must really hate Americans to say such stupid BS.
I am also tired and want to do stuff on my own.
because of that inside tip i gave them about bitcoin over 6 years ago.
The elephant in the room is/was forced vaccines, testing and/or masks...I mean Duh!!!!!
So what do the rest of us do?  Those of us with 'some college' but no degree, but who have decades of experience in fields which are too often discounted (until deemed 'essential') find ourselves tethered to jobs that squeeze out our lifeblood.  While our employers remind how well we are compensated for what we do, they fail to take into account the frequent, unending verbal and emotional abuse that we are expected to deal with as part of our job(s).
11$ an hour means nothing if they only put you on for 5-10 hours a week. Doesn't help when they say, "we need you to have an open schedule and be available whenever we need you to be," no benefits, lots of stress, horrible work conditions, horrible customers. Open availability is great if they pay the bills and give you hours, but they can't expect you to be able to live off of 100$ a week with open availability. Even if you were able to get 40 hours a week you will probably still have to choose between food and rent. It's bad when you try to eat healthily, and after taxes one hour of work only pays for like,  a head of cabbage.  If you are renting, they want to see 3-4x your income to rent. Rent for a 1 room apartment often exceeds $1000, meaning they want you to be making $4000 a month, meaning you would need at least $25 an hour at 40 hours a week which is almost no job out there unless you are in the medical field or you own your business
They’re quitting because they’re being forced to for not wanting to participate in the experiment😏
The problem is you need a collage degree to get a house
It's easier to let Uncle Joe and the Government take care of you instead of educating yourself and changing your future yourself.
I’m looking for jobs here, I kept seeing a repeating trend…have a degree or 3 yrs experience in lieu of, flexible availability mornings, nights, weekends, and holidays, be proficient in an array or programs and so on……. $15/hr. Well a 1 bedroom apartment rents for $1300-1500 here, that’s if you find one, plus move in. Then you have your utilities etc. I just don’t see how people are supposed to flip and split this kind of paycheck into all these expenses.
I’ve had no problems with labor…I greatly compensate my employees. Greed is dying, owners need to make less to have difficult conversations with their wives (most likely will end in divorce). The companies that continue to employ pre Covid hiring and payment models will go out of business.
I am a mother of little kids.  I am not able to work outside of my home. I used to do a manual job,  I changed to a paperwork job I can do from my home. Laundry running, lunch slowly cooking while I am working . I wouldn't expect a mother's of young children to return from their home office for a long time. They need to motivate a young people to get out. But they are all YouTubers now.  😊
The people that are quitting their jobs what are they doing for money how are they paying their bills..... I don't understand........
You have corrupt Senators like Kyrsten Sinema and the entire Republican party blocking any increase to minimum wage.
I would like to work in the USA, I am 41 from the Philippines. Kindly PM me.
Its ironic, past 2 years working remote, saved more $ than I could ever imagine, what with lock downs. Now I'm in the driving seat and FI. I'm sure there many others too
With the cost of living, especially rent going through the roof. I've seen alot of good people quit & say "what's the point"? Because the pay these days can't keep up with costs no matter how hard or long you work.
During the bug demic employees were free-range chickens. Now employers want them back in the coop.
Simple answer: the government is paying them more to stay home than they make working. Simple economics.
Dump the mandates and workforce will fill up instantly. And the "experts" don't get that then they are not "experts" at anything.
Because the mandates are unconstitutional and no American citizen will just give up their freedoms and liberties unless they are braindead brainwashed leftists who are ok with being told how to live by a bunch of morons.
Average pay is $14/hr.  Rent has doubled and you need 2 to 3 working adults living in the same  household to survive. God forbid you're a single mom with more than 1 child.
I quit because I don't work for commies, blue states don't deserve technicians.
I remember working at Walmart my manager treated us so lousy and made the statement your all just lucky to have this job. It was so stressful feeling like you could be let go at any moment. All the while the expectation was if you can’t do it I’ll find someone who will.
Rich elites: why is everyone quitting their jobs that don’t pay a living wage or even give insurance benefits. Regular ppl: 😒
Vaccine mandates might be a big part in it
Its the same here in the UK with The employees in the driving seat. I had a big bust up with my boss a few weeks ago so i   proper screamed at him and blatantly rolled a fattie in temper infront of everybody and i didnt even get sacked. If anything the boss was almost strung up for being a muppet by the CEOs. Gone are the days of the big shoe muppet managers yelling and screaming at people trying to be a corporate badass.
People don't be foolish, they real reason is mandatory vaccination, it brings total distraction to all bisnuess.
You can either work for yourself, or work for someone else. A good perspective to live by is understanding we all make one of two subconscious decisions in life. You will either be your best friend, or your worst enemy. It's time to rewrite the history of the worker.
Now I'm 21 and live with my boyfriend. My current boss is nice and all but I'm only being paid 12 dollars an hour. That is barely enough to live with on my own. Rent for my studio apt with water damage, the occasional cocroach bowing walls with gaping holes behind the toilet seat and under the sink is 430 a month. I live in a rural area in Illinois so that's almost too much for the demographic. Rent already ate up at least 1 and 3/4 of my paychecks with some left over for groceries. Then electric eats up another half of a paycheck. And then if I want internet it's more. Water and trash are covered by the building owners as well as any repairs but I don't see any repairs.. It's more affordable with my boyfriend now, but there's still other bills. My 12 an hour is barely enough for one person to live on alone. Now imagine a 40 year old mother trying to raise 3 kids alone with that pay as a receptionist while also trying to keep up on countless other bills. And conservative want to wonder why no one wants to work. What's the point. We don't even make enough to enjoy our lives. Much less listen to a condescending boss who's making 6 figures to abuse his employees. I once had a boss who made us work through a gas leak and got upset when his employees got sick. Then I had a boss who accused me of being an alcoholic cuz I called in with the flu. Then everyone else I worked with said I was pregnant. I went to the doctor and got examined. It was stress. So I quit. Then I get hired at this one place but never worked there cus of how I was treated during the hiring process. It's not a worker problems. It's a respect problem.
Blame it on Biden
Companies aren’t valuing their workers! when you go walmart one of  American multinational retail corporation that operates a chain of hypermarkets, no enough workers and self checkout , you know that multibillion corporation don't care about their workers
People are starting there own business. We tired of all this capitalist B's and tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires. No insurance. I'll buy my own.
Too much hate. Ungreaful to workers.
It's a laziness problem.
It’s the entitled people these institutions serve! It’s not worth the stress. Then you have lazy people coming in and quitting because it’s too much, then the other employees are like damn it may be. Profits over people working the hard workers to the bone. Ideal time for career change.
Companies barging about double revues year over year did they increase worker pay year over year? Nope
One Simple Answer: PAY these jobs seem to think $10,$15,$16 is enough NOOOOOO $20 a hr according to the inflation is a livable wage
Americans are tired of being overworked and not appreciated! I started my own dog boarding business 😝
Don't listen to this drivel! It's nothing more than propaganda! Hold the line and make the employers listen to our demands!
4 me yes its about pay/benefits BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY ABOUT FLEXIBILITY AND WORK CULTURE/MANAGEMENT STYLE
That businessman is wrong. It’s not a worker problem. It IS a work problem. It’s a problem with the quality of work. It’s a problem with the lack of accommodation for work. That’s both an issue with employers AND with our plutocratic government. We need unions. We need government protection against union-busting and an end to wealth redistribution from the workers to the top.
Benefits? Unemployment money?
It is easy to figure out why people are quitting their jobs in record numbers. Our Govt is paying people to sit at home in exchange for votes. That is a fact. It has nothing to do with peoples inflated sense of self-worth.  People don't quit their job when the alternative is homelessness or starving to death. You may not like your job, or think you aren't getting paid enough but you aren't going to quit if those are your alternatives.
Crappy jobs, crappy pay, crappy hours, no benefits, crappy bosses.  They are sick of it.  Not surprised.  Closing the schools didn't help either.  Someone needed to be home.
I’ve been working 24 year for this big company and I love my job so much, that I don’t see myself working elsewhere, but yet not been paid well enough. We often blame the CEO, but the real culprits are none other than the shareholders. It  is always what they want  and so they pick the CEO that can deliver that and offer the bonus to get it done. It is called “dog eat dog world”, and will do that to anyone. We are no value to this people as long as they get what they want. We are simply a number to our employers and the military as well. All of a sudden we had gained a galore of work and not enough workers, so they mandatory all employees from certain work groups and open overtime to the rest eliminating time and a half pay to double pay. That goes to show, during this pandemic all suddenly they have the budget to spend, but yet not willing to give us a raise. Sadly they don’t even offer a pension, but myself have 2 pension, one from my former company before merger and one of my own. If today I loose the company pension, I have build enough of my own to retire now. Sadly not everyone at my job has that and as a free advisor I’ve been advising them. Although it also seems to be a big issue most people failing drug test. Out of 100 people that got selected for the job, only 10 people pass. Too many has been smoking marijuana, thanks to our governor. Every corner you smell that skunk like smell and I hate it. My dad smoked it, but never stunk like that. I guess live like a king and die like a rat, should be a thing! Good luck to everyone out there.
Restaurant owner's only pay the barest minimum for waiting tables then Uncle Sam takes another chunk of the patriots who tip us when we get a ZERO paycheck!!
NOBODY wants to to work in food service
Fired from 8 jobs in 3 years due to health issues. So now I am self employed. Can’t fire me now can they!
So simple economics means that if there is a deficit of employees but a surplus of jobs then the current employees should see pay increases. Especially since as he put it some industries are experiencing increased revenue
If rent is 2k and other bills equal 2k ..... who will want to work for $15.00 an hour and have a big fat zero in their bank account at the end of the year. FJB and all the democrats !
PEOPLE ARE LEAVING BECAUSE MANAGEMENT DOESN'T GIVE A FLYING F UCK ABOUT THEIR EMPLOYEES......
I decided to not go back and work for myself. Getting a text that I was furloughed and wouldn’t receive my maternity benefits two days after I gave birth to my first child left a bad taste in my mouth.
Ita definitely the lack of good jobs
Or mibee they been fired for not taking a fake vax. 🤔
first you pay us pennies and then try to force medical infringement .... Lets all laugh because im leaving
I think a lot of people were given enough time to think about what they really valued. And have realized that slaving away to barely pay for things you don’t need and can’t enjoy because you’re always working is stupid.
Tired of the crap. No respect, vax mandates,. Government paying for staying at home. Inflammation out running pay increase.   People know that the government will keep enslaving us and there isn't a freedom to increase. We know now they are going to keep us on the poverty line. People are fed up
Media is beyond disconnected from reality.
I’m in trucking industry  I have my own authority I go to work when I want work, it’s simple fix treat ur employees right and pay them good lastly respect them.
well you all never increased the salary
Joe Biden shut down the pipeline on his first day in office.  It sent a signal
Stop paying these us low wages , not full time , no benifits , managers treating people horrible . Can’t affford to live anywhere rent is to high .
I saw a job ad that said "starting at $7.25 hr." I was waiting for the video to address that part.
If you can drive Uber or deliver foods on your own schedule and make between $800 to $1000 a week without anyone keeping their tabs on you won’t you quit that bs job?
I quit my job because the management at my job was utterly useless. Luckily, I have a wife who's been holding it down when I did quit (I talked to her about it first of course). I've been working for the highest bidder ever since. Making me my own boss in a way and it's been going really well for me.
Um.... Because our current DUMB-O-CRAP administration has CONVINCED THE ENTITLED that they are "SPECIAL"! A their families become HOMELESS and HUNGRY
I'll get straight to the point for me. I'm 30 years old and want to work. Worked in early childhood education and behavioral health. The mandates forced me out of a job despite never making high pay. Worked at a behavioral health hospital making 15 and hour. That was the highest wage I ever made. Have a bachelor's degree and Certifications too. Now I'm working in retail for only 12 an hour that accepted my religious exemption . Was just told by my boss last week that all employees would go from full to part time. Now I'm getting less than 20 hours a week. Smh.   Employers need to pay more treat workers with respect, have benefits and stop requiring the jab with these mandates.
It's very simple. Most jobs, regardless of the sector DO NOT WANT TO PAY. Whether it's highly skilled positions that want 20 certifications and the experience of 4 workers, or the lowest tier fast food job. Pay is not commiserate with expectations and workload. The 100k jobs should pay 300k. The $8 an hour jobs should pay $20. The big wigs at the top have to come off their massively lopsided paychecks.   It's very simple.
The reason I left the work force is  because I’m tired of feeling like I’m my employers chattel property and  need their  permission to Manage my own life and time.
Cut hrs, forced unpaid covid time-off, inconsistent paychecks.  Im working 2 jobs right now because I never know how much money I will make.  Then rising prices.  My bills all went up.  My paycheck did not.
Last day of work, January 14 but it was because of a sh!tty lead
Quit your job. Cool..all these businesses getting rich off there workers .. businesses owners should pay more to there workers .. stop being greedy
Because I make quadruple my salary in the same jib as a "traveler"
I disagree
It's been a very long time coming.
This is why I do door dash and quit all my jobs. It is a blessing to work with them and best decision I've ever made  No mean management or coworkers. Above minimum wage. Flexible hours. I love it. I'll never work for anyone again. Jobs today arnt worth it. There's more to life than working for someone else for extremely long hours for little pay.
He was a- Ya know it He was a- I was walking down the street When out the corner of my eye I saw a pretty little thing approaching me She said, I've never seen a man Who looks so all alone Uh, could you use a little company? If you pay the right price Your evening will be nice And you can go and send me on my way I said, "You're such a sweet young thing Why'd you do this to yourself?" She looked at me and this is what she said "Oh, there ain't no rest for the wicked Money don't grow on trees I got bills to pay I got mouths to feed There ain't nothing in this world for free I know I can't slow down I can't hold back Though you know I wish I could Oh, no there ain't no rest for the wicked Until we close our eyes for good" Not even 15 minutes later I'm still walking down the street When I saw the shadow of a man creep out of sight And then he swept up from behind He put a gun up to my head He made it clear he wasn't looking for a fight He said, "Give me all you've got I want your money not your life But if you try to make a move, I won't think twice" I told him, "You can have my cash But first you know I got to ask What made you want to live this kind of life?" He said, "There ain't no rest for the wicked Money don't grow on trees I got bills to pay I got mouths to feed There ain't nothing in this world for free I know I can't slow down I can't hold back Though you know, I wish I could Oh no there ain't no rest for the wicked Until we close our eyes for good" Yeah You know it He was a- You know it He was a- Well, now a couple hours passed And I was sitting at my house The day was winding down and coming to an end And so I turned on the TV And flipped it over to the news And what I saw I almost couldn't comprehend I saw a preacher man in cuffs He'd taken money from the church He'd stuffed his bank account with righteous dollar bills But even still I can't say much Because I know we're all the same Oh yes, we all seek out to satisfy those thrills You know there ain't no rest for the wicked Money don't grow on trees We got bills to pay We got mouths to feed There ain't nothing in this world for free I know we can't slow down We can't hold back, though you know, we wish we could Oh no, there ain't no rest for the wicked Until we close our eyes for good  -Cage The Elephant
Because Biden has brought the morale of the country in the toilet
Pay is to low rent is to high without us companys will fail thats the reason we want minium wage at 25 a hour then everyone cam survive rent at 1500 max then people will worj
Welfare pays good.  Free food.  Free medical.  Free schooling.  Free housing.  So many free things, why work??????   Long term might not look good, but so what.  It's the way people think these days.
No workers BUT YEAH THEY PUT PROGRAMS ON HOLD LIKE DACA..
Managers need to learn how to speak to there employees and treat them with respect! Also you are literally telling people if they don't get vaccinated then they don't have a job, overworked and under paid !
Many employees work with the public and everytime they get covid-19 they are made to take 10 to 14 days off... many without pay. Some companies are making their employees use their vacation pay when they get covid-19. Then when employees come down sick with covid-19 they have to stay home so that puts double work on those employees that do show up to work. Many employees aren't getting their vacations because a.) They used up their vacation pay when they had covid-19 b.) Or they cant take their paid vacation because they are too short on help. Plus many employees are turning to alcohol  and drugs to numb the pain to deal with the stress of these hard times... so those employees become undependable workers again that puts double work on other employees. This is why many are burned out... hard times causes pain.. a pandemic like covid-19 causes death = grief from loss of loved ones, inflation causes many to become homeless... leads to addiction...plus crime rises and sadly suicides rise too. Sadly we all end up suffering...
Because Americans are sick of being underpaid charged higher healthcare and to work for food and gas at higher prices.
Tired of paying alllllll these lazy pathetic government employees
If jobs weren't so cheap they want you to do everybody's job just cuz they short staffed. Plus the pandemic  we all going through alot right now .
Interesting. And I agree with most of what's said here. However its not as one sided as they have presented.   I made a shift way before the pandemic because I needed to break away from the "employer" control of my creative self. Working in the arts and being used for my talent and no one was offering a permanent position...  my coworkers and I all were freelancing every season and it was tiring. As an entrepreneur I needed to finally let that world go and step out. What I found when I decided to do "gig" work for steady income, was that lots of peoole who were less educated, had poor job records, or often no real job experience, were flocking to the apps to make money. There was this new idea that it was a quick, fast way to make money, without a boss. That's somewhat true until the apps got wise and some of them started making people schedule and only work in certain areas, putting more control over them like they were employees rather than contractors. I chose not to work for those companies so that I could be totally free as I wanted to. But then the pandemic hit and some legitimately lost their jobs and they turned to app work, especially food delivery, in order to make money. Which then caused a huge oversaturation of the markets and everybody scrambling in competition to get orders. The companies seemed to not stop hiring and continued to jam more and more people into the streets, banking on deactivations, quits, or disinterest to thin the herd. There seems to be a slight thinning, now that some are going back to regular jobs, but the fact remains that app work allows many to make cash without regard to the whole "job vetting" process. Other than a background check, they have no care as to whether you actually are skilled at customer service and can represent the company well. They have created an entire system of "food drones" who mostly pickup and deliver with little finesse, often causing many customer satisfaction issues that the companies mostly resolve by eliminating the workers use of the app. And app work is a HUGE percentage of the workforce now, which this broadcast does not take into consideration.   With minimum wages in places like Chicago at $15/hr, there are many people who probably SHOULD work in an hourly environment but would rather work 50+hrs on a delivery app, chasing after the fantasy of huge payouts. Pandemic times saw a surge of business and salary potential that is now fizzling and back to normal, yet so many still won't return to regular work. I think what this broadcast missed is talking about the numbers of people who refuse to go back to blue collar work or not even seek jobs. Because they don't want to put in the work of the training or the education that's needed for the positions. And yes, there were lots of people who literally were saying that they weren't going back to work because their unemployment and other government monies paid more than what they made before. Now that the money is shutting down, many of them still refuse to seek the work because they have become accustomed to the freedom. Freedom is great if you know how to use it but many people need structure and schedule in order to be productive. So it's going to still be a while before the workforce pans out the way that this broadcast seems to paint it.  What I don't want to hear is the lamenting that will happen when new immigrants begin to fill these vacant positions, especially in hospitality areas. There will be no need for complaining at that point.  Not to mention the number of people not going back to jobs because they don't want to adhere to covid protocols, especially vaccinations.
Still not enough money to live on. While billionaires become trillionairs, where's the equity in that.
You really needed to question why Americans are quitting? I was a dedicated, hard worker, in the top of my field. Never had a pay raise or a bonus and  had more qualifications than anyone else. My employer began hiring  people for *me* to train.(sound familiar?) When covid hit, I was let  go but  they hired two new employees. Unemployment ran out, but you can't pay me enough to go back to that. From now on, I WORK FOR MYSELF! 🤑
people are not quiting their job, its call government not letting people work due to high restriction and regulation to the covid, the work place must be the one to decide to keep open and work or not...also as to the worker getting paid more is good because price for everything have gone up and living is super high, which is still do to government restriction to those product producing company(shortage of supply)...government still get raise no matter is the economy is dying or not...
There's a big difference between available jobs and jobs that are actually being offered. Businesses make constantly have up signs saying Help Wanted but that doesn't necessarily mean they're hiring.
Let me tell you something they are lying about people quitting jobs they are firing people I was hired without a driver's license and fired because I didn't have one when the company had driver's to drive who needs a driver's license to cut grass then hired a guy who broke the machines because he couldn't get his way he left and they hired him back he cursed me out and they still hired him back state street properties Denver Colorado did me so wrong I missed 5 days in 5 months vs this guy took off 3 days a week Denver Colorado is racist all they hire is Mexicans like blk people won't work I didn't apply for unemployment I just want to work to support myself they require you to have a driver's license that don't require you to drive i never had any complaints about my work I came to work and still lost my job so they can stop lying they have for hire signs but won't hire you because of a tooth missing or dark circles under your eyes I don't do heavy drugs and weed is legal in my state but they will not hire you in Denver Colorado and I see for hire signs everywhere
"Looking forward, talent scarcity for temporary roles will lessen as savings from support schemes are depleted." -- Coram Williams, Adecco Group's chief financial officer (Philadelphia Inquirer, Nov 8, 2021 article on why people aren't getting hired DESPITE the supposed "labor shortage.").  Employers aren't worried. They're just waiting for workers to become so desperate again (run out of money) they MUST return to deplorable work conditions.
Education, retail, health care, hotels, and restaurants - all jobs that interact with the public, raising the likelihood of contracting the 'rona. Makes sense.
We are tired of toxic work places that make us sad and depressed
A lot of y’all lazy af. You will be replaced by Automation and Mexicans anyway.
And ...the answer is ?🤷‍♀️
I notice more people taking online courses and starting a different careers. Five people I know are doing this right now. People in their 20's to 40's and one is in her  late 60's,  she has a job waiting.
Maybe stepping on peoples constitutional rights and even ignoring hippa ? Hmm wonder why
It's time for the baby boomers to retire
It's time for the baby boomers to retire
It's time for the baby boomers to retire
Workers are tired of the constant disrespect from management, down to customer. The low pay/non-existent benefits aren’t worth the daily headache, and stress. Whenever someone rages about a certain industry having a lack of workers, I ask them, “Why don’t you apply for the position???”
People are only leaving when their RIGHTS are infringed in on  Or completely violated.    Freedom
Give the MILLIONS of illegals coming here every month work permits and stop complaining.
From a worker's viewpoint, why have so many people left the workforce? 1. Low wages 2. Toxic work environment 3. No on-the-job training 4. Excessive job requirements/demands 5. Lack of good manufacturing jobs 6. Expensive child care 7. Vaccination/mask mandates 8. Terrible commute  9. Low morale
People Realizing They Are Worth More Than Working For Someone That Making Millions❤️🌱
Media corruption of what's really going on... Socialist agenda by media control! Who wants to work for the government, or government controlled corporate America!
Government mandates vaccinations for one size fits all health care system b*******
Depends upon where they live and work. Many states have not raised the minimum wage, and if you look at restaurants, staff are paid less than the minimum wage because it's assumed they will receive tips from customers. Little do they know that when their base pay and tips does not meet the minimum wage amount, employers are by law (by the labor relations boards) required to make up the difference in those employees paychecks. Most waiters & waitress' do not know that, and restaurant owners are not going to tell them.
It's about time the workers get to set the terms rather than the employers. This is what they get after years of making 1 person do the work of 3 while there's 2 people needing a job.
It's like go to work to pay for the car so I can go to work
The constant pursuit of maximum profits results in lower wages and less liabilities.  Coupled with rising prices for everything. Why should I work a garbage job just to not be able to pay my inflated Bill's. Companies will have to start looking beyond their greed for the CEOs
I was in an electrical apprenticeship from 1999 to 2001. At the time minimum wage was $5.75/hr, I was getting paid $7/hr. Working construction in the cold, building a big commercial building without windows, for a whole $1.25 above minimum wage. So yeah I think I know why there are so many construction openings.
Americans are not choosing to quit their jobs.  Most are being bullied out of their jobs by unrealistic demands and inhumane conditions.  Many companies say they are hiring,  but are actually not hiring.  It's a scam.
So, Vax mandates have nothing to do with it?! Right.
I just walked out of a factory and decided to work for myself. I am now my own boss, I work less and make more money. Couldn’t be happier.
People are sheep. Period.  When u stop the herd from its typical routine of movement (covid quarantine) you are allowing people to look at their lives and think on their own and see themselves in a dif light.  Quarantine will always change mentalities and views.  Its a dif country now.
Our so called government is saying that unemployment is at a all time low in 50 some years. Total BS. Hiring signs everywhere, lack of employees causing delays in service, and unemployment only pays for 13 weeks! When you're off the list, they're considering you found a job. The lockdowns have did the biggest harm to our society since WW II. The beginning of the Big Reset!!
3:04 open jobs in HOO-TELS? Who tells what?!
its not worth it anymore, thats why. oil $95, inflation everywhere, housing is 50 years high. whats the point anyways. work hard despite all this, for what. to pay taxes that go towards bringing  in 5 milllion illegals. wheres the american dream
Take a look at our jobs numbers, and do a report on that why don't ya.
Yeah. Welcome to kapitalism and lobbyism.
A big reason why people don’t want to work retail or hospitality is that the customers, yes, THE PEOPLE you have to deal with are insufferable. The pay isn’t enough to have to interact with the average human being. Do better.
I graduated class 2010 and always been working iv always been told only thing worse then work is NO WORK if you do nothing you become nothing keep strong and productive make America proud again set goals and don’t give up
Not very bright for a lady with a phd
why are you surprised ..you created a planned demic , forced people to not work while pretending to care bout their health...then now u r asking why americans have quit more jobs they were forced to quit...even asking this qst just tells me fools are running the country.. fooools have any polies blamed this on climate change yet...foooools
Didn't have to his problem before the Biden admin came in.
I find a lot of employers/companies are liars to benefit themselves. I was offered a sign on bonus, completed my six months four months ago and yet the company refuses to honor my sign on bonus.  What kind of sh** is that?  Too many shady companies and I'm glad they are possibly suffering.
Theres no "choice" with mandatory vaccinations! Jabs for jobs!
Can't pay bills with popcorn.......managers talk to workers like kids and sit in a office  all day ...then there are jobs with numbers you have to keep up....it's not the workers it's the jobs....I've  put in applications some jobs just have signs up for fun
I think the best part of this is that people start thinking "is this worth it?" - time is your most valuable asset. Time is money. You will die someday - why wither away doing work that doesnt feed your soul?  Many employers should also ask themselves "are we worth it".
It’s great to see that with all these incredible openings. The brother was able to secure a position washing dishes. I sure hope he can turn this into a remote option at some point! Brilliant! Cheers mates!!
More homeless coming near you.  To be honest, I see more people on the side walk and street lights asking for money.
Americans are TIRED of being treated like slaves and being seen and treated as expendable constantly. Tired of never knowing from one day to the next whether we even have a job tomorrow. People are SICK of not being able to pay their bills even working 2 - 3 jobs. If a person works 80 hours a week, why can they make enough to live on?  Why are employers allowed to see themselves as gods, and why are they allowed to be so horrible to their employees?    Things need to change. People have also discovered that SO many jobs can be done from home, and they SHOULD be done from home. No one wants to go backwards. No one wants to be spoken to and treated like trash any longer. People want to work ONE job and be able to pay the bills. People WANT more time with their families, and more time to themselves. People will no longer stand for having to be at the employer's beck and call all hours.   Employers, we will no longer stand for it. Treat us decently, pay us at an acceptable level. Stop treating your employees like slaves. Stop spying on us, stop threatening us at every turn. Just STOP.    Sorry I don't think these things are too much to ask. Americans WANT to work. We just no longer will accept constantly being made to feel by the employers that we should just be grateful to have a job no matter how horribly we are treated. No more!!!!
Wow she’s over educated, all just to work at LinkedIn?   The media is out of touch. No one uses LinkedIn anymore, even “professionals”.
In Los Angeles they are raising minimum wage to 16.04 per hour but people don't realize this is not going to solve anything due to inflation, it has the equal value it did when minimum wage was 8 dollars per hour and rent was 800 a month. Either way the value of the money doesn't change, just the number so we ask ourselves is it worth slaving away 40 hours a week for this?
My employer isn’t paying help that’s from prior cv. We are getting less than new hires. Talk about wanting to quit!!!
I was fortunate enough to get a paycheck throughout the entire pandemic. Now that I am back at work instead of teleworking, I can honestly say we are in desperate need of workers. Since February of 2020, I have been doing another employee's job duties because we just don't have the staff. I can't complain because my hourly wage is one of the best for my county and I don't have to do a whole lot. Unfortunately I am not eligible for overtime because I am a state employee and it's not in the budget so the normal work I should be doing for the pay I am getting is not getting done. We can barely keep the doors open. There is no help coming. I've made it 3 years. Now I just need to make it 27 more and I can retire and then go get another job. Who is going to hire a 63 year old in 2049? It's going to be an uphill battle for sure.
Let me save you the time of watching this and give you the quick answer to this: ITS BECAUSE WE HAVE A DIPSHIT PRESIDENT!!!!!!!! The end!
Think people are tired of getting pay $7.50 an hour while inflation is at an all time high, then we got a pandemic still going on, and on top of that, these jobs are awful / stressful and just plain not worth the stress.
How do unemployed pay their bills?
Here's a crazy idea.  What if....and try to follow me here....what if the higher wages has resulted in people only working 1 or 2 jobs, instead of 2,3,4, or more jobs.
Its the way employees are treated today..I hired with AT&T many years ago the company treated us well. That all changed after the breakup of the Bell system in 1985.
What about all the people that die from.covid
No balanced life
Don't see her taking those jobs do you
Judge Gary y. Tanka
Florida just have the worse pay. What can you expect.? Here all you see on the webs in just monkey businesses jobs…and bad jobs in the government.
People got tired of pay check to pay check living. Not enough pay to save money for their future wealth. People got tired of rat race in life.
Take away the mask and vaccine mandates and then you'll see a change.  Right now due to these measures if people don't have to work they won't. And now more people are homeschooling their children.  Government has again created this problem.
I was away for a year because my job was closed due to covid, so I was collecting unemployment until we reopened. I found it funny that jobs I haven't applied to in years and even some that turned me down previously were scheduling me interviews without my permission lol.
Enough is enough, it’s time for employees to see their employers as an investment and as a team not just another workers/number.
they need to get on the dam housing market, how is someone supposed to pay these high rent prices, 1500bucks a month for a 2bedroom to rent here in North Florida, (not Miami) how is one single person with a child supposed to afford that? They want to see 3× what the rent is so basically your supposed to make 4500bucks a month in order to get that apartment, that's about 1100bucks a week geese who makes that much in a regular job and if you do let me know, I'll work for you lol.. it's a nightmare.. & it just keeps going up
It's a Let's Go Brandon problem.
COVID 19 FURLOUGHED! NEW PAY PLAN! NO REHIRE! THE PRIMISE OF THE ROUND TABLE!  THE NEW INFLUX OF ILLEGALS TEMP JOBS THAT WERE CUT UP INTO PART TIME 4 TO 16 HOUR DAYS!! NO BENEFITS... EXCEPT HANDOUTS OF FREE HEATHCARE FOR A 65.00 one time application fee!!? With a horridous of scam likely calls a day!!  CONSTRUCTION WORKERS... TRUCK DRIVERS!! ALL FROM...YUP! STILL PROCESSING THEM! SAME PLAYBOOK! SAN FRANCISCO BELONGS TO PELOSI...THE WHOLE DAM COAST!  DOWN SIZE THE POPULATION! ... LIARS!  EDD CA 20 WEEKS BEHIND... YUP 120 WEEKS!!  60 MINUTES MSM B.S.!!
Company's treat us like slaves to get rich and retire and pay their employees crap and treat them like crap if it wasn't for the people they would have nothing while we all struggle
Why work free money for everybody food stamp free rent
Bad paying bad treat bad sistem..bad all!...
This is a sign that another economic system has to be created ( NEW SYSTEM NOT communism or socialism 😂) or capitalism And the nation has to invent a new way of  assisting the citizens that make the nation and capitalism function and work
This breaks my heart I spend 5 years getting a college education with several certifications in my field. I was getting $20 hourly since 2018 no raise no nothing. I live in Los Angeles, single mom,  renting, bills,  and I now have too choose to feed my son first so he can go to school happy. I recently asked all my clients for a raise,  everyone denied, I had no choice but to decline to stay with my clients. 1 client offer a 1.50 cent raise. I find this extremely unfair,  as I been at $20 since 2018, with a college degree,  and 15 years of experience in my field. At this point is dignity,  respect,  and recognition for loyalty.
When I worked for FedEx express I went to work at 6:30 in the morning got home at 10 o’clock at night.Management was condescending and nasty and they wonder why they can’t find anybody
We are all sick of being treated like trash by a job that’s making outrageous profits off our hard work!
As a respiratory therapist that's been a staffed worker since before c-19 who  quit my job, it's simple. We were lied to. You called us heroes  and promised more money and time off to recover physically and mentally, and we got nothing, but emails saying we are great. So staff started quitting at high rates and instead of paying us more they have decided to pay travelers more than the yearly salary of staff for 3 months of work at only a few days a week.  So this pandemic has taught me to never be a staffed worker again, only take 3 month contracts  and if I want to stay, renew or go as needed. Every hospital is filled with travelers right now because of mistreated staff. They know how to fix this but won't, they will hire every graduating healthcare worker this summer/fall and fill the gaps with travelers letting staff that have been with the company 3-20 years walk.
Sure it has nothing to do with vax and mask mandates lol
It is that fact that there bulling ppl with the shot crap, And ppl are getting tired of all this BS
Why am I the only one begging this question here.   WITHOUT MONEY HOW WILL THEY SUPPORT THEMSELVES.  I cannot find this answer.  Why?
I understand and support all this but WHAT DO THEY DO FOR MONEY.
What do these people do for an income if they walk off the job?  A lot have spouse's income for safety net, but are the other GR folks on unemployment or something?  I don't understand this.  I would have loved to walk away countless times over the decades but I need the paycheck.  That's what prevents me.   Everyone loves to be home.  It's the money we all need.   So hhow do they support themselves?  I'm not bitter, I'm curious.  Jealous maybe  haha
What beautiful teeth brother !!!!!!😁 lol
Toxic boss
The out of touch, Bouchie rich Globalist Covid Climate Leftist Cultists treat their doctors, nurses, cops, firefighters, care workers, truckers, business owners,  taxpayers, workers, families, students, parents, kids like dirt. Stop voting them in. Seriously. Every election.
Student loan lenders will be allowed to start collecting again…in May 2022.  I guess folks will go back to work then?
They need to let them people out of those immigration camps, that's where the workers are at!!
nobody is going to state the obvious?  who's going to put up with beligerent antimasker and antivaxxer customers for $15/hr?  And teacher is there to teach students, not dealing with same beligerent parents and their political agendas.
How do folks make it with NO JOB???
Gen z is just lazy,  yall need to stop pampering and paying your kids bills and rent
Probably cause folks want freedom
The question is "What can you pay me to forget my dreams?"
Who cares about work like what are they gonna do fire me 😂
Employers need to read this comment stream 🤯
There`s another problem: cheap companies. I`ve been doing (remotely) for 5+ years jobs that pay up to $20 an hour in the US and the highest offer I`ve received is $6.50. "Worker problem"? well, if people noticing what they are worth and understanding companies are not compensating them fairly is a "problem", then yes! there is a problem.
Because they are finding better paying jobs ….
There not.  Minimal quiting. Your carrying water for dems to cover up the firing of employees for not taking the vaccine.  Like Hershey. Job numbers are terrible.  Also those schools don't hold the same weight  like they use to. These are gap jobs.  Everyone leaves those jobs.
https://youtu.be/VoCYRD4DbqA
I quit my job at a sheltered workshop last year because one of the employees constantly bullied me, and would threaten to karate chop me to pieces if she assumed i would follow her into the restroom, and i repeatedly told her that im not a pervert
Just wait. The stimulus package wasn't and won't be free. We'll all pay dearly.
Lol they keep showing Amazon. Amazon is garbage to work for. If you want flexibility then Amazon isn't the place.
Because the system is rigged and people are waking up....
You also have high school and college students asking for a "living wage" while working at McDonalds or Walmart, these entry level jobs are not meant for your to be able to live on. These are starter jobs while you live with roommates or your parents until you get an education or a better job. A lot of people are lazy and want free stimulus checks and handout from the Government. This is what will lead to a lack of purpose, and ambition in young adults and children who don't understand the value of what they have been given. This will eventually lead everyone to beg for UBI.
Oh there are plenty of workers. The problem is the wages, respect, loyalty. These companies need to look in the mirror and ask themselves the same questions.
Cause the government keeps giving away free money. Why work when you get paid to stay home? Take away all the free money and everyone will go back to work
I worked from home twice during the pandemic (for about 3-4 months each time), and there were two BIG differences that resulted in much better productivity from me:  1. I got about 90 minutes more sleep every day because I didn't need to get up so early to prepare for my commute 2. There were far LESS distractions at home (the phone didn't ring all day, people didn't need to interact with me that often anymore, and small-talk was reduced 100%)  I also didn't even need to get dressed...I could literally just stay in my sleepwear all day if I chose 😎.  My refrigerator was right there...and I just brought all of my food back to my desk at home.  It was MUCH quieter at home, and I could focus all of my energy on my workstation at work (I simply did a remote log-in to my workstation at work...and it worked perfectly).  All of our office meetings were done remotely by now anyway...so I just used MS TEAMS for our weekly, or ad hoc meetings in necessary, but even with that technology right at my fingertips I still spent more time completing my projects...it was by far the best time I have ever spent on that job.
cost of living hasn't been updated for some time, so that we can afford decent housing, groceries, and pay our bills.   employees now want more than most employers are willing to give.   therefore, more people if they do go to work, will do it remotely, to avoid the chaos and drama of office life
They’re tired of working for inconsiderate  hateful a$$es
Mandated cause this how you speak bout that white lady
But thought economy was booming,this wat cbs pushing
What are these people doing? Aside from those who retired early. This world has become so expensive. I feel stuck working so that I can keep up with the bills. With the dollar becoming weaker, my money isn’t going as far and I have less left over at the end of the month. I’m finding it increasingly difficult to get ahead financially so that we can make changes if needed. I do admire those who are leaving the expensive, overblown areas and retreating to small town America. So long you can still make a good living. Good luck!
The God of the scripture didn’t bring us here just to work for corporate he brought us here to enjoy what HE gave us not work for anyone other than ourselves how we need to and keep our family intact and taking care of and nurturing the earth and family he gave us . He didn’t bring us here for this
It's this simple 50years there wasn't that many people in America the American dollar was worth lots more  it's that' simple there was less people in America 50 years ago and the American dollar was worth more isn't that telling you and me the reality
The future is working remote,and that is just it !
Employers don't respect employees no wonder they want good companies to work at simple courtesy is what's needed by both parties
why are they ignoring the REAL facts about the mandates and all the other nonsense that came along with this “pandemic” that’s the real issue
Shut it dwn it will stop the spread sure or it will f us up for a wile must b nice to quit and not come back don't go back it makes me more valuable
It's tech planned to profit.
they  got government help thats why. and thats why lots of Mexican we are here. working hard for you 💪 😘
people are tired of all the bs of having their life revolve around work. no ones interested in making their boss a dollar while they make a dime. people ahve worth and we're realizing it and taking our work elsewhere or starting our own businesses.
WoW, who's in and who's out.
Lozalen
It's not even about "making your heart sing" it is about not being driven into the ground.
Add in the “zero defects” mentality of work places: drug testing, CRT, security check points, intrusive surveillance systems, etc
Still doesn’t address how people pay their bills if not working from home.
I am curious, are companies who are affected by this "great resignation" more than others doing anything to KEEP the employees they have? I notice that many companies are offering more and more to new employees, but what are you giving your dedicated employees who stuck with you and gave more during this pandemic in order to keep your business thriving?
Communism and free money
The pay is the problem
Good Employees used to be valued and taken care of. Not any more!! I've worked my tail off for employers who cared, over time, they quit caring and expected more and more, and for what? ....a .25 cent raise once a year? If your lucky!! I spent 50 to 60 hours a week working to keep my family a float. My kids didn't see me. I'm being picking now! Also, if your over 50, your over looked for younger candidates, even with less experience and or education.  I've seen excellent candidates over looked based on being over 50! That's just crazy!! The over 50 employees call in less, work harder and have good customer relations skills. They are dependable!
$10.00 -15.00, overtime, doesn’t pay for our families. It doesn’t pay rent. It doesn’t pay for groceries. Most of us are considering different jobs just because of pay, jobs we have no experience in too. The balance to live isn’t working anymore.
You clowns locked down the economy over the flu, and all these workers decided to move on once they had time to reflect.
You can also blame insurance companies for forcing employers to enforce too many requirements and restrictions on employees while at the same time stealing their pay.. Insurance is one of the biggest scams out there yet no one bats an eye.
People are tired of living from paycheck to paycheck and these employers are highly disrespectful.
Pay scale and lack of benefits suck!  Mainly in the blue collar and service industries!  Pretty simple.  Lead carpenters etc. have been making on avg. nationally 18-20 an hour without benefits for decades now!  Absurd!
The corporation I worked for let us all go at the start of the pandemic w/out keeping us on the payroll even though they could more than afford to, and basically told us we’re on our own. Well, guess what. 😂 My online shop took off and I’m making more than they ever paid me. They can take their jobs and shove it.
Say tank you to Biden, socialism is this... USA will be like Venezuela very soon.
Because humans are useless cause they don't plant food, and technology can replace humans
Because they got that ridiculously high unemployment and they are afraid to face those microbes all day.  35 wk.s at 500 was 18,000?
How are ppl paying bills and buying food without a job?
if goverment gives food stamps housing help plu unemployed why would i work
9:53 reminds me of kamala
it is alie if you quit your job who is going to support you goverment benefits is the problem if i do not work i do not common sence
People are moving South because they don't want to freeze to death before their starved to death.
Looking at obituary listings here sky rocketing deaths reported minutely. News networks can promote almost anything but statistics don't lie politicians and CDC representatives do.
They don't pay enough to pay rent and bills and it could be they got sick
This is a big lie... the ONLY places hiring are companies like McDonalds or similar places which suck ... nobody else is hiring
How are they paying their bills?
This must be misinformation. Biden says unemployment is record low
Abolish the  IRS which will wipe out the illegal income tax. Start the 8 to 4pm instead of the 9 to 5pm. Make it  4 day work week instead of a 5 day work week. Let the employers pay for the transportation fares to and from work. Paid lunch hour and a good pension...not much to ask.
America put a price tag  fee for everything even  water . It's a waist of time working for it . And the bills you have collect interest  none stop . People are now dying on these jobs with heart failure . The world is free and the Europeans is making us work for it . To keep them rich . People are dying now from over work  and they cowering it up with covid 19 .
Companies doubled their revenue year after year yet pay their employees the same year after year and treat them like crap…. yeah I wonder why there’s a labor shortage…
How about you pay ppl a fair living wage. Ppl are tired of working and barely being able to live make housing and affordable. And that when they're sick they can get treated.
Cause we tired of working there dead end jobs go work your own jobs
People are protecting their families 👪 due to the disease that was released.
They quit because people choose to have their freedoms and choose not to have a vaccine that does not cure which splits the dna nucleus and causes infections in lungs and heart. They choose not to get sick from a vaccine that infects others.  They want affordable housing so they can live and still enjoy their life.
Out of touch government  locked down small  business and forced people to move to republican states to start over. Now they are wondering what's wrong. Animals migrate where they can survive.
The damn vexxing mandate that is a bi0 w3ap0n
Shutting down the economy gave people a taste of not working. And they liked it. I liked it.
Because of stupid poison vaccine mandate. No thanks 🖕🏻
Trying to finding a good handyman and no one wants to come.
Why is 65 the age of retirement, why do we need to pay taxes and get pennies back, why is it that the more i make the more they take, why do you raise the pay and increase the cost of living and food… Even i can literally say that this is modern slavery.
Biden covid death count 917,600. Looks like Biden is close to death too, the way Jill Biden was leading him around like a failing parent in a nursing facility. Source: Worldometers.
I made 20k on paper I got 3 kids I'm getting back 14k on my taxes that's y everybody's quitting
Well.....if they stop making the vaccination mandatory for employment this wouldn't be a problem.
Laziness
Lies there is no job openings
Most of the jobs aren't good jobs. Education, for example, has been taken over by Wokeism. Who wants to work with a bunch of dogmatic, insincere people. And standardization is rampant, so a teacher can't use their own creativity and knowledge if they are particularly good at a subject; they must conform to the curriculum Capitalism is running amok. Thus the quality of everything is going down. People and companies and schools are mostly just trying to maximize profit (and status) instead of focusing on doing a good job.
Wat crap cancel mandates people come back simple
Need to talk with people in the trenches.  There are those who can analyze the data in alternate reality. Disconnect from what's going on. Billionaires numbers increased during pandemic.  Keepin it real. 😉
Ok, they are quitting their jobs and not getting another one. So how are they doing it and being able to stay afloat and keep their homes and feed themselves etc.?!
Nothing is going to change as long as we sit around complaining, we need to form stronger unions to lobby for better wages and workers rights along with tenants rights and better zoning laws. Americans arent being adequately protected from the predatory practices of businesses whether towards employees or consumers. The two parties have shown they don't have our best interest at heart, if we don't stand up for ourselves it's only going to get worse.
Usually if you show respect then you will get respect back.  Ppl who are quiting are mainly ppl who  aren't for that job.  You need to be on the same page as the boss if not then you need  to start your own business.
Im more than happy to leave Philippines hahaha calling the attention of Employer in US!🥺😂
Construction companies are building like mad. The video shows a humongous McMansion under construction. Where is the affordable housing for the masses? Construction companies, at least in the American Southwest are almost all immigrant laborers. Desperate to stay. Desperate to work at any rate of pay. So why are construction laborers leaving? Duuuuh.  I have no pity for employers with stacks of applications going back  years they've never looked at or that went straight into the round file because the applicants were "over educated" or union or over-age etc. etc. They will continue the race to the bottom. Homeless will multiply on the streets. Gentrification will continue to accommodate foreign megarich who have scalped the poor of their country only to invest in America's race to the bottom.
Living off tips an nobody tipping no thanks
Solve the problem (partly, at least) with serious tariffs on China and by disallowing non-Americans (non-citizens and non-residents) from buying American land.  We'll see A LOT of jobs return and the cost of housing fall dramatically.  How long until YouTube removes this comment...?
High school kicked me out at 16 for truancy,  No GED, no higher education. I was told I wouldn’t be anything & laughed at for getting a girlfriend pregnant then going into construction. I started at the bottom picking up trash & digging ditches for low wages. Now I’m 50 making $130k + retirement.  It doesn’t happen overnight but the only thing I had was a good work ethic & willingness to learn. No one wants to put in the time anymore
Toooooo many rude people. That’s another reason people don’t want to work. The companies are not  unappreciated at all..
Awe..... "I got a BS degree and cant buy my $1200 Iphone". LOL! I hope they all starve to death!! LOOSERS! The best it that my Millennial sons are making huge money because their generation is full of lazy brats!! Nows the time, you work hard, show up and stay off your phones!! Get some$$$$$$$$$
Who want to work ,  when they can go out and loot, steal ,  riot,  home invasion,  walk out with the goods,  this is all because of the pres and vp with the defund police,  they feel why should they work,  when they can get it for free.   Its a sad days in usa.  We need to get the pres out of office and vp out of office they are doing nothing for the american people but making debt to the country with all their invaders and paying them when they get here.
Boomers left the market early because they’ve worked their entire lives, and with the pandemic, said “that’s enough”. Gen Z isn’t looking for work because mommy and daddy provided everything for them, had been raised with NO chores etc, so Gen Z just expects a free ride. It’s all they’ve known. They expect $100,000 starting pay with a gender studies degree. Reality will hit them hard real soon.
It’s when u mandate everything and fire people cuz of it and it’s better to quit than to get fired for no reason
All good in U.S, young non IT engineers in India running around for job.
There is a lack of pay and respect but how long do people think they get by unemployed?
ENUF IS ENO
Because the Biden administration is paying more on unemployment checks than are employers.
Because they aren't hiring, my friend applied to 88 help wanted jobs, she received 3 call backs.
Maybe it’s the forced vaccination- no jab no job . Here in Australia we will have to ( after the election) get a third , 4th , 5th vaccine if we want to keep our jobs .
Yes I agree wholeheartedly to  The time is right Definitely.
Employers complaining of not been able to hire new employees, but yet they don’t treat current staff well
Cause biden is paing them unemployment
It’s also a lack of being able to be a human being at your job. Get rid of the mask mandates and people may enjoy working again as well
They were in the capital give jobs to black folks
2:45  I never thought this gal, of all people would quote the one and only David Allen Coe!!
Its the mandates for the vaccine that's the problem. My last job mandated it and I'm not taking it so I had to leave.
A relative with excellent job experience has gone making seven dollars more an hour and working for a much better company. I think this is a good opportunity for her to hone her skills and live a better life. Too bad the pandemic had to do all of this.
Government rasing taxes . Who to blame?☝️ But they have money for 🚀 and bombs etc . Jesus Christ is Lord trust in the Lord not man.
IT IS TIME TO EARN YOUR REAL DREAMS .. STOP WORKING FOR SOMEONES ELSE WORK WITH NOT ENOUGH PAY .
The problem is that no one wants to work anymore they just want everything given to them
Exactly my thoughts as well !!! RESPECT & $$$$$$$$
Walmart is the worse company to work for.
None of this is true. I deal with retirees all day every day. They are resigning because of the draconian mandates.
They want their time they want to spend time with their family. They want to travel . They spend most of their time working. People come to realize life is short .  Some people just realizing that it's just best to work for their self's that's where the real money is at not working for people punching a clock. These baby boomers are not having it . They realizing that it is just more to life .
#Mirabelle.Uno du är ju såå läcker & snygg ändån❤❤ och du passar ju i det gråa setet som du visade
A lot of these Jobs like’ Amazon, Fed Ex, UPS, Post Office, Walmart, Etc , Wanna literally Work you to DEATH with no Loyal or Respect for their Employees’ basically Hard Labor’ and to top it off with the whole Covid thing’ so a lot of Employees are fed up with it and are Quitting.
There is no respect or loyalty to employees. Fair pay for what you do is not in employer's interest. Best bet get fired and collect unemployment. for 6 months.  Work from home is the best way to get people to work for you.
Well the greed in the eighty's and ninety's was lower.and some people got spoiled with at home work.I think is good all around.The other spoiler is unemployment that stopped.people are looking at family time vs at work time.and the pay as been stagnant .some industries can be virtual but not . anyways live goes on.
Stimulus? And they show trumps name. Its not on trump its a biden issue
With inflation what was 12hr 2 yrs ago now its 15, so now i need $20 or its not a raise. I'd rather have less money and freedom
My simple reason is I'm fed up working for the white man so-called Esau I'm done being opressed I'm tired of being oppressed by my  enemies enough is enough it's time for the black community the Israelites to unite we the only one who has hope because we have a father that loves us that died for us literally us no other Nation none of that Jesus bullll it's time to unite my black people
heres whats really going on. 10 million baby boomers retired early, 10 million young people moved back home and are going to college to get career education
Why would someone be a waiter when they can drive lyft, uber and door dash? Make their own hours, make more money and be their own boss.
No it's a bunch of lazy Democrats waiting for their next stimulus check from their criminal Democrat coup leader hidin Biden because they know all of his executive orders ruined our economy brought the value of the dollar down to the lowest it's been in decades wait till Democrats see what their leader did to the Child Care Credit for 2022 year that's how he's getting the money back except the few million that they sent to non-citizens and fake name so they could pocket the rest of the money you know how the big guy operates Hunter Biden probably got 15 IDs and 15 fake businesses that he claimed covid relief good job Democrats you did a real good job for this country SMH
Because all employers that I know routinely lie and treat their employees like dirt, and then complain they can't find good employees haha golly I wonder why
Hotel job going down
They lie no job try calling see what they say ,
folks dont want to take the jab. love how they dance around that subject
If people dont like it make your own business unfortunately do many of these people (not all) are leftist bumd who would rather take money from the government then work. You dont like your wages start your own business. Man prople are so weak these days. Also need to lower taxes.
Geez listening to leftist on economics is painful. People are getting paid more to sit at home then at work. Cut people all welfare for one. Lower taxes. Get j9b stealing illegals out of the country who will out bid americans. Over 80% dont pay taxes and have their hands in the welfare system. These people are bums. Its simple!
People don't leave good jobs
When pandemic started everyone's were calling them essential workers. Now everyone calling them low wage employees. What kinds of they have got as a essential workers? So it better to get  unemployment and stay at home and stay healthy....😁😁😁
I quit my job back in July and I've been on a long vacation since today.  I was happy taking all that free time to look back at life to finally breathe!
McDonald's is not a job!  It's a horror Show!!  🍔🍟🍦 Lol
60 Minutes you are conning people -Biden is the one sending government stimulus checks NOT Trump!
Well maybe if you hadn’t murdered 70 million babies in the womb there WOULD BE a workforce! There are always consequences
Maybe they don’t want to wear a mask.
I have seen people hired for a job they could do and never given the chance to actually do said job, I am lucky, work 30-ish hours a week and get to make use of my skills.  Plus I have a boss that explains everything (I do mean everything) and makes sure we have all the tools to do our job.  Other jobs I have had have not done this and think just hiring someone is enough and one will figure things out on the job.
Slowly but surely it’s going from employers asking why should I hire you to employees asking.. why should I work for you. Really we’ve always had the power, it’s just that employers tried to make it seem like we didn’t.
Cost of living goes up. Salary stays the same. So many people live with roommates or relatives because of this. If that’s how the government and employers treat employees, then what do they really expect?
there needs control over the cost of rent, a price cap, everytime wage per hours goes up, rent and healthcare goes up, food goes up, the 15 bucks an hour might be the new minimum wage, still not good enough. just because there is a big hiring surge does not mean they are actually hiring........
A cure has been made for permanent cure on hsv1/2, Truly speaking I was cure by Dr Oseghale Sunday Herbal Home
Health care experience...covid growing. ....rate pay cheap ...no enough ..pay rent .. workers in the middle difficult ... No one ..to work couple .. dollars ..then die ...or pay expensive to get sick
Because they are spoiled brats! That’s why! Period!
After taxes and deductions don't see any money on the paychecks
People leaving Chicago and LA because of high cost of living, out of control Gov regulations and danger.  People not going back to work because of getting stimulus and others who just dont want the COVID restrictions.
You got the power in front of your noses, now do something with it..😉
Blame Pfizer and this government mandates.. That’s the reality
The Artificial Intelligence, Robotic, and Tech companies are licking their chops and will be filthy rich when they replace all of these unfilled positions.
It might be a worker problem in some cases but not all. Don’t forget child care is a big problem.
I don't see folks in Congress struggling to make ends meet.
This is a good as well as an alarming state for employees. Because billionaires will start using robots instead of humans due to labour shortage.
All of the industries they talked about have one thing in common. You have to deal with the general public in those jobs and the general public is not fun to deal with.
Bc of biden
So many of us had to find alternative employment during the Lockdown.  The younger generation is more suited to finding that as they are far more tech savvy than us Gen x or Baby Boomers.  And has anyone ever looked at the demographics?  With people having fewer and fewer children since the 80's we are going to hit the point where there are just not enough people for the labor market.  And many of the jobs not being filled are the traditionally lower paying jobs.
Girl that's not people are thinking we're tried of working like dogs and being disrespectful and underpaid! Watching everything go up except your paycheck
For this reason, my son moved from California to Kansas…he purchased a 5 bedroom home with a full finished basement for 48k! Purchased from an elderly couple who took care of it. He is gainfully employed and lives an affordable life
With all the opportunities laid to everyone to earn online at the safety & comfort of their homes without having to expose thenselves at risk to pandemic plus being their own boss, this is a no brainer. People are smarter & wiser now. The world & people's mindset had evolved to adapt changes to survive with our current crisis brought about by the Pandemic.
Tell the truth. Ppl are lazy and don’t want to work! Why work when you can have big daddy government take care of you.   then you will complain you don’t get that much to sit on your fat A$$.
I blame joe Biden
lazy
My favorite is when I go above and beyond, but yet I forget to do one thing or do not have the time and short handed. I get talk to about me not being a team player or a good worker. So because of one thing my hard work is all dismiss and diminished. And get disrespected!
If you work for a living you probably realize that it takes a lot more money to have the same standard of life  so if your  job doesn't cover your life style its pointless to keep sinking further in debt.
I quit my job a couple months ago. I worked for a hospital for 11 years. I got sick and tired of working my a$$ off for so little money. That's my reason for quitting. Money
1. Personal and Professional Goals 2. State Taxes 3. Mandates
Ppl aren’t going to risk they’re lives to catch covid for a job they don’t love & aren’t being paid properly for such a risk
They know what they’re doing !!   Forcing people to take the jab! They want to bankrupt this country so they can bring in that NWO.
People are applying, they aren’t taking people because they aren’t vaccinated or because they don’t have the proper requirements. I applied to so many jobs none of them reply
Love the corporate prospective! They love exploiting people! Pay people a living wage and you will have employees!
Hopefully,  people are realizing that it's not worth destroying your body to put cash in someone else's pocket.  I pushed, pulled, lifted and stood my way to disability.  My back, knees and feet are jacked up and now life is very difficult.  Better to work for yourself.
My job became a toxic environment during the pandemic. More work and less pay. So I chose to leave the company and now I work for myself.
Sign on bonuses are a bribe with conditions. Employees want higher hourly rate and the expectation to do the work of 1 person in 8 hours, not 3 people.
Because the Biden Administration will allow you to remain on unemployment indefinitely.  Why buy the cow if the milk is free!?  Or have we progressively and conveniently forgotten this saying of old?!  Biden didn’t “create” new jobs, he just allowed people to go back to work……hence, NEW JOBS!!! 🤣🤣🤣.   Wonder if this “reporter” regrets her Biden vote and misses Trump too!
We need the death penatly for greed. A CEO can own 5 houses but a low wage worker can not afford to even rent one.
Employees don’t want flexibility they want to get paid morons
How come they don’t talk about money. He said something about people saying and wanting to go back to work. And all she said is what kind of job I should take is the job better than this job maybe this one is closer to my house no this one is 10 minutes too far away. What about money how much are they paying daaaa She’s part of the game playing games just like our administration is playing with Americans
Big companies only care about pleasing share holders, not the people actually making them money.
I guess any excuse is better than none. The reason people are moving is because they don’t wanna stay in the democratic states anymore. I live in a democratic state if I had the money I would pick up and leave ASAP
Who can live off of $15 an hour. Ridiculous just like our administration
People are quitting jobs. How come they’re quitting jobs. Because they’re not getting paid enough!!!!!!
Companies are not paying enough and are not offering enough work/life balance. Time for CEO’s to take a pay cut!
America is a powder keg. Grab the popcorn as the barbarians beat down the gates and start grabbing the elites out of their ivory towers when this train derails.
*Employers large and small, for far too long, used and abused their workforce. Now, let them stew and suffer the consequences. It was a long time coming and it finally arrived. Look around your community, drive around your city or town, and when you spot a business that is hiring, you've found an abusive employer. Reap it bullies. Reap it.*
I bet the vaccination mandate has a lot to do with it.
As Biden said, "Pay people more." Occam's Razor - the simplest explanation if often the best.
It won't take long with our open borders to get more illegals to fill those low wage positions in construction and restaurants.  On the other hand real wages lag far behind cost of living increases and have for decades while companies turn record profits during the same period so you know where the money went.
I had apply for a position to where i have 7 years of expirience already and had certification. And the company wanted to start me at beginners rate 15hr wtf is that. Only reason i dont go back to my old job is because they moved. But man many companys are so up tight about paying their workers
You'd think America was 75% black given the percent of black people they interviewed. It's 13% black, for all you foreigners who have been fooled by the media yet again.
Failed immigration perhaps?
bad time withnfcked up people
There's an affordable housing shortage. There's a housing availability shortage. There's a reasonably short commute from housing to work shortage.
However a certain group still believes people are receiving government assistance.  I’m always like what assistance. Funny that the same group screamed “if you don’t like your job to get another one”. They did just that. And now is the opportunity to apply for the jobs that the Hispanics so called took.
Its Because this Country's Owners aren't respecting Employees...M,Donalds doesnt even all8w there Managers to work a full 80hrs!. But Expect Managers to come in Early & Stay late without clocking in!.
How can you think of being an employee when you can make twice as an independent contractor? 🤦🏻‍♀️😂 I know, I survived the pandemic being paid way better than my ungrateful employer paid me, on my own terms and my own time. I just made $250 dlls today. Why would I go to an employer that pays me $15 hr an hour? 😂😂😂
Need an employer as much as i need an income! Please all dont tak advantage x, employer/employee respect
Leslie Stahl is 999 years old.  Just stop.  Let someone else do the work.  Relax in your golden years.  Damn
Billy Joel predicted this years ago:  "Got a call from an old friend We used to be real close Said he couldn't go on the American way Closed the shop, sold the house Bought a ticket to the West Coast Now he gives them a stand-up routine in L.A."
But i thought that Mexicans where takeing everybody's jobs😏🤷‍♂️😂
I see people with multiple college degrees in call centers who are trapped in their roles because they only have call center experience. They are very frustrated and who can blame them.
Another thing I saw mentioned was how eager companies were to lay off employees during the shutdown. People could justify keeping a job that maybe didn't pay very well because it was reliable employment. Soon as that reliability was gone they weren't too eager to return to the company that fired them.
My daughter works hard. She is paid well. She works 40+ hours per week and still has not been offered a full time permanent position with healt insurance. To many companies don’t want to offer insurance. So they keep using temp services or hire people on for 32 hours per week so they don’t qualify for insurance. Such a shame.
In the 10 years I worked at my old job we had 4 different store managers, and only one of them was decent. Add in the shrinking value of our money, all the work piled on reliable employees while the unreliable ones arent fired. Nobody being rewarded for good work, etc. One of the biggest issues where I worked was you made the same money whether you did a good job or not. Company couldn't pay more because of the union. Everyone had to be paid the same.
I think it is due to a multitude of reasons.
The company’s not ✊ respecting the employee , not caring if we need a day off for a dr appointment low wages , the lack of poor training. little hours no good benefits that’s the truth . The lack of not training the mangers who treat us like crap 💩 so many people are makings good 💰 on YouTube or only fans online their own business.
It’s how the HR not training themselves to keep an employee. They would rather work hard to fired someone than let them keep their job . Managers lacking of respect for us employees not properly training us . the little pay less hours they still want us to stay .
América is crazy quit there jobs who we’ll support the family
Because they can bilk the unemployment for 12 months, pay no rent and then collect welfare.
Where are all the Hispanics that were taking all those jobs from Americans?
And the fact that people have kids and schools are closing down sometimes due to COVID. So there’s nobody to watch the children.
Good lord! What do they expect. They are making people take a personality test, coming back for 2 or 3 interviews. Make you go through all kinds of training. People are just simply tired of the company and Manger crap
Or employers have never ending mandatory overtime and employees are tired of not having 2 days a week for their children, family, hobbies, community, spirituality, travel.  Imagine only having 4 days off a month for an entire year!! Then vacation days denied when you try to get weekends off! Factory work pays well but won’t allow employees a day off.  Monday - Friday schedule then mandatory overtime every weekend.
They are moving to red states because they are simply sick and tired of Joe Biden and his radical leftist agenda
not in Africa, lack of job in Africa
Well the big quit was all part of take the vaccine or lose your livelihood so most people quit so they didn't have to deal with the government's BS and I don't blame them would have done the same so don't try to make it sweet cupcake government is responsible and you all know it
Hire people from 3rd world country we are happy to work there
Mfs not going back to work at even higher numbers because they don't want a vaccine forced on them to work
After the pandemic our company made us work 9 1/2 hour mandatory and a half day on Saturday’s with one weekend off. I will definitely not be employed with company pass May 2022. I don’t have life outside of being at work for 50 hrs a week. These companies really only care about money and production. This only a fraction of the b.s that has happened along with not paying people a living wage.
Because they can make more off the government with all the assistance available ... Would you go back to work??
This is such a bad piece...how do you manage to do a piece on workers and not talk to any independent workers? Disappointed but not surprised
I didnt see it in the comments so....USE ME AS A DISLIKE BUTTON :)
PAY MORE!  It’s SIMPLE.  $30/hr you can’t even afford a safe, decent home. After Gov’t. deductions, average 30%. Net $19-20 doesn’t cut it. Doesn’t pay the bills.
Love how they literally only asked one employee, and their boss was able to supervise them the entire time 🙄 not to mention they never dove into why this is really happening at all. They just beat around the bush and blamed workers. 60 Minutes, you are a disgrace to journalism.
Love how they interview mostly bosses, and like 1 employee (who's boss is also in it). And not any actual normal workers, let alone anyone that actually quit.. This feels really tone deaf
You'd be surprised as to how many Managers are close minded.  Yet, they ask for Ideas.  I, now, don't give advice or offer Ideas, yet I've seen it all.
Because no can live off such little pay, while the rich stay rich.
Employers final pushed people to far now they are paying for there greed 'Greed Is Not Good " A lot of Industries in the last 12 months pre pandemic alone have had 21 % increase in production with a 6-7 % increase in staff. Year over year that means you work your staff harder with minimal or no extra reward. Many of those workers had no work during Lockdowns and have realized how unappreciated,  underpaid and over worked they have been with poor wages and conditions. Now these industries are finding they have current staff leaving in high numbers and are unable to attract new staff. All I can say to those employers " You Reap What You Sow "
What about those who no to the Covid Vax and were fired?   This was a devastating to our Healthcare, transportation and other needed industries.....
WTFFFF, It took me almost a month to get a job in nyc, where are all these jobs?????, IM LOOKING FOR A PART TIME POSITION IN BROOKLYN OR MANHATTN RESTAURANTS, I HAVE 3 YEARS SERVING EXPERIENCE IN NYC. DM IF ANY OPENINGS
Braindead segment. The reasons for low worker engagement are: low wages, lack of reasonable accommodations, “at-will” employment, 0 hour contracts, wage theft, unaccountable middle management, etc.
This started out okay, but like all MSM shows it quickly turned into a red herring.  They started talking about the lack of retail, healthcare and hotel & restaurant workers and found the solution by hiring more managers to 'manage' the workers that resigned.  How is WorxBee going to hire an employee  in Roanoke, Va. to remotely wait tables in L A;  or nurse in Harrisburg, Pa to remotely dispense meds to a patient in Fla; or a nursing assistant to remotely change the linen; or an employee on one side of the country to serve burgers to customers on the other side of the country.  This is pure idiocracy.
Go ahead and use this as a dislike button.
I'll tell you why many teachers in Utah are quitting. At a hybrid school (they are state funded) that handles special-ed kiddos there are many varied problems. For starters is the pay. They don't pay enough to keep up with the high cost of living here in Utah. Teachers are having to work multiple side jobs on top of their teaching jobs just to pay rent. Meanwhile some of the administrators are purchasing their 4th and 5th house while also requiring teachers to use their limited pay to provide school and cleaning supplies. Every year these teachers have to renew a contract with the school and negotiate their pay and benefits. Even when they are able to get a small pay increase the school then tries to stiff them on their agreed pay and forces them to fight for pay they signed to receive. The school handles their healthcare coverage and every year they try and get the cheapest coverage without consideration to what is being coverage and the cost of deductibles to their employees. So on the off chance the teachers gets a meager pay increase they still end up in red paying for shotty healthcare costs so that the school can save money they use to buy more homes for the admin. They don't actually require teachers to be licensed. Many of the teachers and even some of the admin don't have a degree. They operate on the backs of the few licensed teachers they have/had but don't empower or pay their teachers for their higher degrees. Not even if they have a  masters degree. Their ability to operate or legally provide services hinges on these licensed teachers but they are compensated for it and they aren't empowered to train and enforce standards on those who are working under the licensed teachers back. In some cases they have cut funding to programs like certain athletics/sports but instead of reducing services they pressure the teachers to foot the bill so that the school can continue to claim they offer those services. Again, they offer many services for special needs kids but these kids can be up to 22 years old and physically dangerous. Dangerous to the point that they should not be at a school but in a facility with staff and support to keep the child, surrounding people and employees safe. Not in Utah. Here the teacher is expected to run classrooms with multiple potentially dangerous students of ages up to 22 years old. They don't enforce teachers not being alone with these students. They don't enforce training and accountability of reaction teams to be available for the safety of staff and other students and the response  teams aren't readily accessible. Teachers have been injured and even then the school expects the teachers to suck it up and return to class. As i understand in one instance a teacher was knocked unconscious, the school did not call for medical response hoping the teacher would return to class. The teacher fell into a temporary coma and since waking their perosna has been different from the trauma to their brain. Still the school refuses to take responsibility. In another instance a student attacked a teacher. The other teacher was able to distract the student enough for the other teacher to escape the attack. One teacher then had to run laps in room to evade and tire the student while the other teacher went to go get help. That day there was an aid whose job it is to intervene but he did not and because he is the child of one of the lead administrators nothing will happen to him. These teachers can't even count on basic safety going to work. On top of that the governor has been bragging about a bonus the teachers received but the teachers haven't received anything. The only thing that has happened is the school telling the teacher to go to a third party. This third party requires the teachers to create a webpage linked to their company and if they do that the company will set up a donations page. The teacher can receive the donations for the purpose of buying school supplies but the company keeps like a third of the donation. Again the school does not provide supplies for teaching, they aren't setting up a page themselves for charity. They are once again requiring the teachers to spend hours unpaid setup a service that someone else is also going to take a third of for doing very little. I could go on and on. But this is not uncommon for teachers across the country. Teachers aren't asking to make doctor pay but they should be able to at the very least afford an average middle income home, without needing alternative streams of income and extreme budgeting. They should not have to pay out of pocket to provide supplies the school needs to operate. I'm a firefighter and that's like telling me to do my job I have to pay out of my pocket for the water, hoses and gear i need to do my job everyday. That's ridiculous. And at the very least teachers should be able to go work knowing that their employer is following basic existing laws for workplace safety and not just after the fact when people have already been hurt.
I don't want to work for a Joe Biden administration
you asked a single employee about the situations lol and you're hiding the dislikes
I quit my job in health care. Never been happier ...now if I can just quit my 2nd job and retire I'd be happy.
Maybe Fox News won’t say “illegals” are stealing jobs anymore
Why would you want to work when you can get everything given to you
my employer just retracted a four dollar incentive pay for pt workers, yet still run adds for the higher rate....worker were promised $19/hr only to get $15/hr....average apartment rental is $1200+
Men quit everything. Males have been made 10th class citizens. Circumcised at birth blatant gender discrimination. Being straight white male makes me target of endless abuse from every direction all the time. Work to be abused...
Burnt out and vaccine mandates
This is only the beautiful beginning of a world where the people remember they have a God given right to be in existence. And that right came with free land for all, free food and shelter for all. We are the good hearts that need to band together and work together. Money is imaginary paper. Everything we all need is already God given when He made all of this. The good will of the people as one will continue to manifest truth and freedom for ALL (including all other living things and non on above under and in existence). Yesterday is no more, today does not exist, we have but each moment we live to do what is right. He Is That He Is therefore We Are That We Are.  ואהבת לרעך כמוך, אני יהוה ~ חוה Eve
People getting more money staying home than working.  So, why not?
the people that quit have partners that are employed, people who started their own business  or young people who move back to their parents house --
Not a lack of workers looking for jobs, lack of decent pay for the correlation of inflation going on… granted a job is a job, but what can you afford working $15-$18 jobs at this point
All this speculation by people completely out of touch with our reality! The hours and the PAY generally s*ck! If you are a productive assett in any job, you are 99% garaunteed to be taking up the slack of several poor performers, rather than the slacker being replaced. The work environments are extremely toxic! Office spaces are now tiny cubicles, like humans stuffed in Sardine cans. People are expected to be on call in the service industry, the good ones rarely getting time off. Getting time off for your company perked vacation days, is a nightmare. Parking, and having to mortgage your home to do so! Working tightly packed with people who are obviously sick and needed to stay home, but were probably afraid of losing their job. Or they just can't afford to lose any time bc cost of living is through the roof, and pay is still down in the dirt...the list goes on! And on! And on!
I guess 60 minutes couldn't find any white people for this segment? LOL.  Good.
Mandates have a lot to do with it don't let them lie to you.
It’s simple…people are overworked, underpaid and under appreciated while their employers reap massive profits.  The pandemic also made employees realize that commuting to work is absolutely stupid, stresses everyone out and destroys our planet in the process. So they said ….F off!   I went from a good paying job over $30+/hour to making $14/hour and I couldn’t honestly survive if my wife wasn’t able to keep her decent paying job. You can’t expect to pay people peanuts and have them begging to work for you!
Get a job like Amazon the sign on bonus doesn’t even come until your six months in they don’t give you any time off for child birth unless you’ve been there for a full year. Companies like Amazon only looking out for their best interest and not for employees. Even working full-time at Amazon making less than $2000 a month after insurance that’s about $180 every week for me and my son. Cannot live on wages like that. I was at Amazon for 11 months full time 6 days a week 10-12 hours a shift. Needed time off for my sons birth and they would not give it to me. Had to quit my job I’m not going back to a company that would do that to me.
Lol working mothers I’m a single dad of 3 what about working fathers
The truth is businesses can’t keep up with high pay so they have help wanted signs but they won’t hire anybody because they can’t afford anybody. let’s go Brandon
They aren’t offering better anything, or if they are they aren’t doing a great job of advertising it. I barely make enough to pay rent and eat.
Wow this is the least accurate depiction of the real problem I have ever seen.   People are leaving LIBERAL cities like Chicago and San Francisco to move to conservative states like Florida and Texas.   People are leaving low-income jobs like retail, construction and hospitality because UNEMPLOYMENT PAYS THEM MORE.   State the facts 60 minutes, instead of spewing your “people are chasing what makes their hearts flutter” lies
When McDonalds is paying $16.00 an hour, you know America is out of step with pay for employees.  Folks laughed at those who worked for $9.00 and hour and McDonald's got the message.
Many I am sure that people quit when they see someone making more first day when they are there every day on time for many years.
When you're asked to work for meager wages and you're employer is demanding you give more than you get, what can you do but quit.  The work place rules were changed to favor employers, with no incentives such as vacation pay, no unions to support the worker or represent them in situations where clearly the rights are being violated.  When you're in customer service, Americans have become so rude and hostile, it has become impossible to deal with the daily insults.  Split off days, 24 hour schedules and no time for family or self, those are the jobs available and these are not the best jobs or wages.  Remember this, " The employer has the right to dismiss, without cause".  This was not looking out for the employee but the employer.
We have a lack of population growth in this country and for far too long business' have placed FAMILY on the back burner. You CAN NOT or WILL NOT be entitled to success without population growth. That means you have a fundamental obligation to support the FAMILY oriented employees flexibility NEEDS. Without it we fail all together.
That's What you get When you HAND OUT Money & Raise Whiney Little LAZY Kids Who Grow Up To Be Lazy Whiney Adults
Once I heard about remote work I pulled a Sponge Bob "Aight Imma head out" ✌🏽
This is the silver lining of the pandemic, a pandemic that is now endemic. The impact is far greater than people quitting their jobs and working remotely. This impact cars sales, companies’ facilities (rent space, utilities, maintenance,), accidents rates, workers compensation insurance rates, etc. This is for the best.
Ask the Republicans, they are the ones saying that stimulus and unemployment benefits are the ones keeping Americans from working.
It's a pride and ego problem. People nowadays are very entitled and want flipping burgers to pay like a highly skilled position. If you want high pay, go out and attain some skills, instead of being a worthless complacent waste of oxygen.
No job security no promotions no proper benefits and so call sign on bonus more like bs HR management sinks in majority of corporate America with no grantee future for no one basically slaves for companies that can make you expendable.
Yeah, don't worry, all them illegal immigrants will take all them jobs for less money...then all the ones that quit their jobs won't have no jobs to go too haha!
Behind "This isn't fun" hides "I have been abused for far too little pay" far too often. Choice of words is important!
Over worked and under paided..no taxes paided
Im 21 and get paid 23$/hr problem is I’m completely over worked physically and mentally as a blue collar worker and I’m getting ready to leave and start a a side hustle instead just not worth the sacrifice for the company who will replace you anyway
We Don’t Feel Appreciated At All With These Companies ! They Say They’re are alot of jobs but many of these companies are firing/laying off their employees also.
What we are seeing is the millennial aftermath where they feel entitled to get benefits that they have not earned.  It takes time to climb the corporate ladder or work your way up.  Plus, we are seeing a MAJOR retirement shift with the baby boomers.  Then you have these massive payouts from the Govt which really needs to end.  This just does not incentivize people to work.  The one comment I have heard is working conditions.  That has got to be the biggest cop out ever.  Can you imagine someone say this on a farm?  Or saying this in a 3rd world country?  I mean the level of ignorance and arrogance that someone would use working conditions as an excuse is pretty pathetic.  I have seen bad working conditions in Mexico, Sri Lanka, Vietnam, China....we do not have those problems here in America.
It's because they don't want the jab and they are home schooling thier kids.
So the fast food and what some consider lower tier jobs still need to be filled so they can provide a service to the people who want work remotely. Who will fill these jobs that Americans aren't willing to no longer do? Illegal immigrants? On my drive to work I typically see various food establishments hiring. Being short staffed means they are open shorter periods of time and longer wait times. In the healthcare field which i work in we're having a very difficult time getting staffed to provide patient care
Pay pay pay pay thats the problem on top of toxic work places
I've been a teamster almost 20 yrs. Sounds like people are  unconsciously unionizing without having a union.  The big Quit? We call it a strike.  Small business can't survive without treating people like machines trying to keep up with large corporate Greed companies.
Rather than choosing to live fir working ... folks want to work for living ..... work to live    If it is no longer working to live ... working for a living ... &/or making a living ... then what is a work worth living for ?
Living for working .... rather than working for living is a trend that is shifting ... People want to live .   If working is no longer living then what is the sense ?   If it isn’t no longer Making a Living , &/or Working for a living ... then what is the sense ?
Mandatory jab.
Sounds like a good reason to allow in millions of immigrants who will work for peanuts.  Said every politician in dc. In reality, much of it is a backlash of overreaction to Covid. People figured out how to live differently, and are doing so.
maybe some want the current president to fail.  High unemployment is never good for re election.
Some of this is true.  But, out here in AZ I have met SEVERAL ppl looking for a job that have been willing to take a pay cut just to get their foot in the door, and they are not getting called.  To me, I think some places are full of it and putting a sign up just to do it.  The company I work for put up a sign in November.  They already hired and promoted from within.  So many applicants and we have MAYBE 4 new people out of all the applicants and interviews we gave these past few months.  We said that we are hiring 30 new ppl.  It was a lie.
A lot of people died from covid. Everything was closed almost for a year a lot of people didn’t go back to work because they died
Why didn't 60 Minutes interview some people who work fast food (or similar) jobs that quit--to get their perspective?
Because wage slavery sucks!  It's time for politicians to fund the automation of all the jobs that nobody wants to do and either give us the money we need, or just give us direct access to things, without a price tag.
The truth of the matter is that a lot of people do not want to get the vaccine and when you give them no option either to get vaccinated or lose their job of course they're going to quit I don't want to quit volunteering no but   they're forced to quit to avoid getting vaccinated and then the scare tactics are sales tactics covid is 99.8% survivable. But you have media  propaganda and pushing their agenda along with you vaccinate or you don't get a job like really that's the reality of it
How much are they paying you're to y'all talk against people dearly because I could get paid to talk on a tv show dearly no govment is mandate shots,now I seen on YouTube that. They are starting robots for restaurant we're waitresses now so be aware people they're starting robotic to take care of restaurants so that's what the roads going to be like
This is the most disingenuous argument/video EVER about the great resignation!  Nobody in this comment section is calling out the Federal reserve.  They have printed so much money and it is destroying the value of our dollar.  People can't afford the same amount of goods 100 years ago with the same amount of money today and that goes for businesses as well.  Government is also making it harder for businesses to provide better pay with bad policy and they are providing stimulus checks that is enough for a gen z ! People need to learn not to place all the blame on one thing.  Look at the bigger picture.
I work for a company and I make good money the best I've ever made and I still can't pay my student loans and I can't afford a house and I can't afford to live on my own can't afford anything, but I make good money. I got rid of all my debt and moved in with my parents so I could actually save for retirement but the more I look at it the more I'm like wow I'm never going to retire not until the day I die. The only reason I don't quit my job and join this whole movement is because I don't want my parents to have to support me and I don't want them to see me on the streets but once they're gone who cares?
It's always been bad. Young folks finding out real quick. 6 more years to go for full social security.
Why would anyone label mothers being some of the most adversely affected by the pandemic as “resilience”? They were abandoned. We failed them. And clearly that had a significant impact.
Yes finaly we can over throw the evil goverment!
Require a vaccine and see the results
if Trump can say F.U. to america.., then i will too!!
Yeah, but how and where are people getting money?  If people quit their job and don't return to the workforce, the bills are still going to keep coming every month.  I want to quit my job because my employer treats me with a complete lack of respect but they are paying us well so I stay because I can more than pay the bills where I am.  I have saving but I'm too young to retire.
The guy holding the ladder while walking causally...😳
The hard part for us not able to quit are picking up the work for those that have because the employers are not replacing the lost workers!
Gas prices are making your minimum wage change not even to worth working for
They are quiting because the American Dream under Biden is a joke
You will own nothing and be happy
Lol cause Harry told them too 😝😝🤣
The U.S. need to adopt the mindset of Europe when it comes to work-life balance. We DON'T  have that and our people are burnt out. Not to mention the damn taxes they're taking from the middle class.
People are sick and tried of the rich and wealthy people and their political connections taking advantage of the poor and middle class and working class people struggling to make ends meet. Enough is Enough
Hmmm......leaving blue states coincidence? LOL
Why don't yall ask worker's this lady can't say what's in people's mind
They work you like dogs and pay you little to nothing everything going up but your pay.
No more slavery!!!
People are tired of being slaves “ just like Childsupport system Turing fathers into slaves Americans are burnt out!!!!!
The pandemic showed most jobs have no job security. When local governments can shut down employers for unknown period of time
You are an anti-American Trader lady you and your show are one-sided
Offices are often for control-freak managers who don't get things done.
I am so proud of workers actually electing to  hold on to their free will choice. Good for you who are setting new work life standards  that are greater than what the old guard gave you in the past .
Companies always thought this would never happen. The 👞 is on the other foot. Figure it out like we did for decades. Don't feel sorry for them.
Wife& I quit at 57. made life adjustments. Never going back. 2yrs in an what a good life.
CEO: billion dollar worth Employee: min wage and no benefits
We need more unions!
The Australian version has a blonde as well it must be hellywood menu
We're seeing the impact of "the me generation". Young people don't care about helping others, or helping their community, or helping their country. All that matters is me. I will hurt as many as necessary, as long as I'm getting everything I want...
EMPLOYER:  We can't find people to work!  We've tried everything! EVERYONE ELSE:  Have you tried paying more?  Improving working conditions and benefits? EMPLOYER:  That's crazy talk.
Lmao “we doubled our revenue”.  No mfer you did.  The workers stayed the same.
BS!! I applied so many jobs and no one call me the one that called me said I had to be citizen to work with them regardless of my skills certifications education and years of experience….
I work at Home Depot and it's so true we don't have enough associates they did give us a starting pay at $14 an hour now it used to be $10 just about a month and a half ago! They do hire people but many of them call out at least once a week and management is still stuck in 2019 mindset trying to get one person to do five different jobs and take care of customers so most of the new employees quit within 3 weeks they're not even being trained anymore!! Also some of the new employees that they hired don't even speak any English I think they just came from Central America or something because they're Spanish is totally different from what I'm used to but they are good workers but  they too don't last very long either!
Free, free, free, the democrats way!
It's not that people don't want to work..they do want to work...but they do not want to work for these places anymore.  People just don't want to work for these same companies. And that's what these places can't understand and refuse to understand.  Lots of reasons mentioned in other comments here that gave been addressed to employers for years if not decades and were not listened to and taken seriously.  People will only take so much abuse  before they walk away and never come back. Not our fault we were treated terribly all this time. If these companies had done right by their employees and stopped treating them as a resource to be used up or a bothersome overhead expense to be cut back on at every opportunity to artificially inflate their quarterly profit margins to appease an ever demanding shareholders that they considered more important than taking care of their own work crews that made the money in the first place.. then refusing to share in the profits with  those workers...then maybe their would be some loyalty from their help.  They turned their backs on us decades ago..time they felt what it's like to feel the same.  They did this themselves . What goes around comes around.
They weed out most and if you do get that low paying  is risking dieing from covid  today's world  I can't change a thing because I'm crippled but God bless you
Black and Blue collar  you get a few bucks a hour they get millions off your blood sweat and tears
I'm crippled and can't work but I see greed is ending jobs and covid is killing millions
12 bucks a hour  after taxes living in a cardroard box
No matter, what monsters the employers are, everyone is clinging on to their jobs. There aren't hardly jobs, why is the majority homeless?  I don't believe anything in this report.
People are migrating to Texas and Florida because of the Covid restrictions or less. I don’t care who you are I don’t wanna wear a mask 10 hours a day. By politicians who don’t want me to. How come you don’t mention it on 60 minutes minutes
So picky they get Boone covid can't spend your low page in the grave
They label you and weed out  tons s jobs for a pay
Sure you can risk earning a few bucks a hour and possibly catching covid and dieing over working poor wages
Look at any social media and it shows how upset conservatives are that workers are coming first and taking better jobs.
Since I got terminated from my job. I don't get pay to stay home. No body pay to stay home
People are finally set up and being treated like a robot
I began learning to fly when I was 15 years old and kept working on my ratings through high school. When I graduated, I got hired by an aircraft manufacturer who gave me the opportunity to build experience and continue earning my ratings. I didn't mind the lower pay at the time due to the fact I was building experience. 4 years later, I was a factory flight instructor, production test pilot, mechanics apprentice, and assembly tech...for $15.00/HR. Ended up leaving and becoming a US Army Aviator in the National Guard (No, I didn't enlist expecting to make a ton of $$). Worked various civilian jobs wearing 5 titles and was barely making any money. I left the military 3 years ago and left the work force 1.5 years ago. Went into business for myself and make a great living, my stress is down, I have more freedom in my personal life, my "employee" is actually my best friend from the Army days and there is no workplace drama. It's fantastic.
And now people want to go off the grid they're sick of it all
Because Biden policy's are supporting the bums in this country!
People are sick of the money game they know they're never going nowhere only the rich gets richer everything is corrupt and fixed
At some point people will have to change their lifestyles if they were living high on the hog and now want a cheaper paying or less stressful job. We did it years ago and I kept the job. But now I have lots of savings as well as I can quit my job for a crappier/ easier one anytime I please.
This story isn't giving the complete picture.  I am one of thousands Americans who lost their jobs in the Healthcare industry because of the governments forced mandate to take a vaccine that is ineffective with questionable ingredients.  If you want truth you won't find it on mainstream news broadcast!
Reason is Government benefits,,a lot of co workers refused to come back and is really sad situation.
If you quit your job before getting another one you are Not making a smart decision. There's always the chance you may not find a better job. Yes there are lots of jobs out there but is it the right job for you. Get the new job first then be an adult and put in a resignation for the one you want to leave.
I got a job at a company that 2 years ago paid 15 an hour, now it is 24 an hour and they have good people and running well.
There is still jobs that pay minimum....yet expect the best employees....match the job w the pay and problem solved
I quit  because I couldn't get two unpaid weeks off for the birth of my child. No value for us. Quit previous job because no benefits and it was 9.50 an hour for three people work on top of covid.  Not worth it.
They talk like the jobs being offered are so amazing. Pay is still way behind the cost of living.
No its because everyone one is on tictok
Because I can the virus that took over my granddaughter lost her job but now this week she started up her own business I don't know what the name of it is but she started up her own business and I'm very proud of her
People are sick and tiered of working like slaves for little pay.. Working in someone else's dream as an employee while they make money off of our backs. People are starting to wake up and I'm so glad! Live your own dream and not in someone else's...
US government helps everyone else around the world wasting billions of dollars but when it’s time to help their own people they somehow don’t have a budget for it
Well when your company is filtering through applications and throwing out every applicant that doesn't have 5+ years of experience with a master's degree- what do you expect? People here have applied to dozens, sometimes hundreds of positions and we are rejected. I shouldn't have to have an excel spreadsheet to keep track of where I have applied because there are so many places "hiring" but nobody actually getting "hired." The only jobs I hear back from are "willing to pay $9-$11/hour because I have a bachelor's degree". That's not even enough to cover childcare. At that rate, I can't afford to go back to work because then I'm paying more in childcare than what I'm bringing in. You want more workers? Pay better and get rid of these programs that go through our applications.  I think the real problem is that these companies realized they can run on a skeleton crew. Why would they actually hire more people if they can just tell their existing staff that they're looking for help to keep up moral?
people freed themselves
People don’t leave jobs they management
Definitely an accumulation of causes. UNFORTUNATELY, more jobs will be automated away permanently. And A.I. will advance at a quickening speed.
When they took prayer out of school was the beginning of what we have now.Well I can tell you what the schools and colleges is teaching isn’t what it used to be as in work ethic responsibilities. how and what you need to take care of your self. They don’t teach trade classes or trade schools like it was in the 70s 80s 90s then they just stopped teaching it like nothing needs to be fixed or repaired or rebuilt..Not everyone wants to be office worker.The trade jobs paid hasn’t been raised much since the 80s.
This is what the evil corrupt politicians want to take America down
Open the door to foreign workers. Nobody wants to work anymore.
Let’s see, supply and demand dictates salaries need to go up to attract employees. One person noted that revenue was up, but that’s not being passed along to the employees in some measure. The rich get richer and the workers quit. No mystery there. If the workers prefer measly unemployment benefits over wages, that shows you how low the wages are. The problem is the employers, not the employees.
Because the goverment is giving covid assistance
People are quitting their jobs a lot of people I won't say all are quitting because they've been at their job for some time and companies are hiring in people at an substantial amount of money more an hour so until companies pay their people that have been there for a long time and put their time in to make that kind of money this will never change companies see these people as workers nothing more I can say fast food restaurants are hiring around me for 17 $18 an hour I was a landscaper for 20 years starting wage for landscape laborers is only about 12 or 13 so why on Earth would anyone do manual labor when they can stand there and do nothing for 17 or $18 an hour plain and simple
People are happy to work when they are paid a living wage ($15/hr) and are treated humanely and with respect.
My job wants me there 7 days a week barley get a lunch daily and only pay minimum for my hard work, I can get better pay with day labor and it's easier
We need immigration reform to allow more work visas.
People are quitting because the jobs are sh.....y! In NYC we have an estimated 65k delivery persons. Will this last? We have to wait for the pandemic to ease.
The expected work load has been steadly building for years. 40 hour work weeks will grind most people down without an eventual vacation, or some incentive to look forward to. But 40 hours is rarely considered enough. Can you come in early, can you stay a bit late, working this weekend?  It's only natural for employer's to want to squeeze as much as they can out of employees.  But this is where greed gets you. Take your job and shove it. YOLO! Find something you love to do people!
My parents both work in hospitality and are trying to get their old jobs back. Thankfully my father got his back but they constantly have the application open but not hiring anyone. The dealership is low on staff where my husband works at but the company is not putting up hiring job applications. My job also has ppl quitting left and right and again, they do not want to fill those positions. I believe this to be true to a certain extenct. Ppl are quitting but companies are also pretending to be "searching someone to hire" or dont hire at all.
Because their jobs suck
I do not want to work at my grocery job it does not pay enough and i hate going in there they make me work all these hours and I do not get a second brake but I do not want to quite I need the money but everyday I show up late because I do not care at the end of the day
When you have one single person controlling billions and billions of dollars along with multiple properties houses mansions airplanes yachts and cars and then you have millions of people who don't have 2 dollars in their pockets to rub together living in a tent on the sidewalk you quickly begin to see what the actual problem and solution is!
Nothing to do with the mandates? I think people are fed up with intrusive companies - we are NOT slaves or cattle. Get yourself vaxxed and keep it moving.
People have seen during 2020 covid that they can survive on very little and that they do not need to put up with bs from their employers. We are not in fear of losing our jobs anymore. Many of us lost alot during pandemic anyways.
I am a part of this movement and I 1000% agree with everything! I got out of the thankless sector of retail and I am so glad I did! It has been so worth it. I have a life outside of work.
Hopefully the education sector starts promoting better pay, early retirement packages, way better retirement plans, and more promotions.
I have heard some say the companies are doing the old bait and switch!  They are promising one salary then changing it when they get to the interview.
I’m one of these stats. I first quit my job in November 2020 & briefly tried it again in November 2021; I stayed for exactly one month before I quit. I wanted to see if I missed having that structure as well the income which just comes as opposed to me having to hustle for it. I like being my own boss and grinding for myself, not a company that doesn’t appreciate me or my efforts. I’m taking up new hobbies, investing more money, and honestly making more money than at the jobs I was working. Now I want to start a second business venture and make sure I don’t need to apply to anyones job listing for the foreseeable future.
It's called structural adjustment and it's happening in a short period of time. People who have resigned aren't home, they are moving to other jobs that suit them better. I would like to get the stats on the new hires to better understand that of the resignations or out of work.
People are leaving jobs because of YouTube. Now more people can stay at home earn for doing almost little. Let social media stop the paychecks and see the rush back to real jobs
is this just for non whites? we are not represented here. just wondering.
Good luck explaining your reasoning why you quit your previous employer based on an emotional whim, when your on 15 interviews this time next year.  Inevitable raising interest rates are going awaken these entitled millennials really f'ing fast.
They r not quitting they r getting fired
Does.... not DO  Engish please
It’s not surprising when our government gives rich people, CEOs, Wall Street,  Congresspersons, Senators, and corporate Americans tax breaks and the majority of Americans are sick and tired of being treated like crap. And the rich people saying all the ‘generous’ checks keep people home are just ignorant and a complete lack of awareness .
"Generous government stimulus"? You mean a one-time $1200 check for an entire year? What a a joke.
why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs in record numbers? because they are democrats, that's why.
Funny all of the people that have company’s that take the bulk of profits wondering why the workers aren’t interested in there jobs
I think people had time to consider what’s important in life.
I took early retirement in April of 2020 due to the pandemic. I worked in a day program for adults with disabilities. They got vaxxed but a lot of the staff did not, so I haven't returned. They didn't pay enough either. They treated staff like nothing more than glorified babysitters.
The reason I see why people don’t want to work is because a lot of use are still single and these jobs that companies offer because of others quitting, still do not give enough money to give us a living as a single person. I live here in Orange County Californian all I see  15-18hrly entry/experiences. then those benefits take a big chunk of money out of the check and it still does not give enough to pay for actual bills and a place to rent. All I get when applying for an apartment is that I need 3 times the amount just to rent an ugly 1800 month apartment. I will never have 3 times the amount so I can’t afford to get an apartment.  There are also other factors while working for companies is that there are stupid people who mess with others who are just trying to work. Then you have companies who only hire within. Then you have big companies that have alot of employees who are hired and fired with out a care, just to keep the production going. One problem that I have been having while trying to work at a company in staying long term and old with, but  I get laid off. I don’t get it. I am tired of getting laid off when i do good work and all I get is good feedback from the companies that hired me. I feel disposable. It’s hard to try to keep looking for a company to work for when you know it won’t last. I have no confidence in going into interviews.
Beautiful, intelligent women. 💗
But,if people are not working, how are they paying rent ,paying bills,how can support themselves and their families?..🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️?.. I don’t understand?
Not enough jobs available  offering a living wage. No benefits.
It’s because the Pandemic showed employers true colors. When Covid first hit, most were treated as expendable to companies. Many were laid off or forced to work through an unsafe environment with little to no incentives. Power to the people. #ratrace
Low pay. That’s why. I didn’t need a 13 minute video to answer that question 😂
Shocked in Australia i am getting $34 in weekdays on saturday $44 sunday $54 an hour with no skill no degree.
It's a  pay issue period
Another factor could be that we used to have illegal immigrants in these positions but nowadays, no company would dare risk that, leaving openings.
Restuarant jobs are for teenagers as they work their way through school. Few adults stay in these low level jobs for the long haul. I think that this niche opening is also due to young people no longer working their way through school. There are more well off parents who support their teens/college kids, so kids go from home to college to skilled jobs, skipping over the unskilled work.
Ever since the online job application came in not many people can get a job. Just give us back application by paper . Not many people have internet.
@11:30 wow. 1 in 7 jobs is now remote. wow wow wow.  We've been working remote for years now, but i didn't think the shift was so extreme. That was amazing. People wanted change, and they created it. I think the large part of it is people's survival instinct kicked in (human nature), and ppl said "hey for this amt. of money i can actually go to work, get infected and pass away shortly after"... and it doesn't take a lot of second guessing to imagine the result, and here it is in this video. The risk was too high for the reward, that was the bottom line. thanks 60 minutes for this, and hi from Mexico
Many employees got fired from mandates
Heck yes, theft is so much better
Hahahahahaha
I can tell you why, people don’t want to be force to take a vaccine shot, child hood shots was bad enough every time I would get the shot I would get farther behind in school I call it the get slow shot I was smart before starting school shots then slow couldn’t think
We don’t want to be forced into making, testing, and taking experimental jabs!
This is laughable, we all know why they are quitting. They don’t want to be forced to do something. Hint hint
If parents cannot pay for 4 hrs comfortably of daycare what happens when schools are shut down and they now must pay for 8.  Add the fact its probably more than one child it will be smarter to just stay home I mean you guys know the problems fix it.......  TF
Because the pay sucks, simple as that. People simply cannot afford anything with free time anymore. Raise the wages significantly, not this 50 cents bull crap either.
Because people don't want to be mandated to get the shot.
It’s not a lack of employees, it’s a lack of living wage pay. The owners and CEOs are raking in the profits and leaving their employees to scrape by and live in poverty and this is unacceptable and we’re not going to continue being abused
Wait what? Employers not treating people right, come on! Low pay, no benefits, no bonuses, no tax breaks, no 401.  Come on these are Fortune 500 businesses they need $ for wolf street
‘ cause no one wants these mandates where they’re forcing us to discriminate against the people who got jammed and the people who are not jabbed.  I will quit if they force the jab on me.  And I will not be complicit in medical apartheid.
Workers have been under payed and under appreciated for years. And its time that employees NEED to be fairly compensated for the sacrifices for the work that we have all done for decades now.
We the people are quitting our low paying jobs to take all positions held by the corrupt traitors with low IQ's that are living like elites, we are coming for all of your high profile jobs. Consider this your notice of termination, sorry it didn't work out!
I literally just left my job on the 28th of January , the new company that bought us out really pressured us workers with only a 2% raise of your pay mind you I wasn’t even making 20$ the hour , I found another job that was willing to pay me a better wage with also growth opportunities something I wasn’t getting at my former job. Excited to start my new job on the 31st
It would take an infectious escaped monkey from the CDC transport accident less than 60 minutes to answer that question...
Please make public statement about 60 Minutes position on captions - since ALL your TV broadcasts already have captions as required by law, how can you NOT use your captioned video for posting on any Internet site - as required by law? 1-29-2022  See FCC regulations below: Closed Captioning of Internet Protocol-Delivered Video Programming: Implementation of the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010 A Rule by the Federal Communications Commission on 03/30/2012  4. Video Programming Subject to Section 202(b) 41. Video programming. . . .For example, an entity covered by our new rules would not be permitted simply to shave off a few minutes (or brief segments) from a full-length half hour program just to avoid fulfilling its captioning obligations.  45. . . .For example, an entity covered by our new rules would not be permitted simply to shave off a few minutes (or brief segments) from a full-length half hour program just to avoid fulfilling its captioning obligations.  . . .Thus, for example, a VPD that divides a program into various segments for easy viewing and posts the segments on the Internet would still have to ensure the pass through or rendering of the captions for each of these segments. Individuals should not be denied access to captioned IP-delivered programming because it is available online only in segmented format.  Further, we encourage VPOs and VPDs to provide closed captions for IP-delivered video clips where they are able to do so. We emphasize that, “if there is clear evidence that an entity has developed a pattern of attempting to use video clips to evade its captioning obligations,” we may find a violation of our rules.
In a vintage radio program by the late great Studs Terkel once said that the American work place is the most dehumanizing place in the country and he was 100% RIGHT. The stories I can tell you in my 76 years will knock your socks off. Thanks be to GOD that the workers of the world are uniting!
How many employers have you had that said, to your face: "workers like you are a dime a dozen."? How many times do we have to hear from some of our elected officials that the American worker lacks ambition or they're lazy when they complain about workload or pay? (......even after you explain that we shouldn't have to work 2 jobs every day to pay expenses)
I’m quitting my job March 1.
I’m quitting March 1
I worked as a construction manager and was able to take off 3 months per year some years (unpaid) during the Winter/ off season. The trade off was that the other 9 months working was typically working 60 - 80 hours per week, often over 100 hours per week on a salary basis....insanity.  When 62 yrs. / early retirement came around it was a "no brainer" to bail out. I was well paid for my services,  but taken for granted that I would always sacrifice personal life for the Company....finally enough was enough.
According to the president jobs are up. 6 million new jobs he said 😂😂😂😂😂. People are moving away from the liberal ran mandate states!
Wages dont keep up with inflation.
Such a well organized video.  Excellently delivered.
How do they live?   Get the retirement sector, but how do those quitting pay their bills and feed themselves.
Wages being stagnant since the 1970's isn't helping, people are finally waking up!
All lies. It’s because the mandate of the vaccine. Wake up people
It’s not just pay. I left a job in finance where I was making more money than I’d ever made at the beginning of 2021. The environment was toxic. The company was constantly throwing money at us, but I didn’t care about that. I cared about work life balance. I was hired being told the company had great work/life balance. Their standard work week was 8-4 (37.5 hours). In reality I was working like 7-7 or 7-8. I have 2 young children and I thought “great I’ll get off work only 1 hour after my kids get out of school.” That was not the case. I was barely having time to spend with my kids. Even in emergencies. I made an emergency dental appointment for my child that was in extreme pain and requested to leave work early just 1 day and the job denied my request even though I explained the situation.   My own health was also going down. I had a stack of medical referrals from my doctor but couldn’t make any appointments because the job wouldn’t let me take off. Yet I had a coworker that made a special request for an entire week off just to go on what she told them was an annual vacation and they approved it. There was constant “mandatory overtime”. I was considered a top performer so they piled a ton of work on me once we started working from home even though they knew and I repeatedly told them I was already overwhelmed with the work itself and 2 kids jumping all over me all day because school was remote and daycare was closed.   When I finally left the job I noticed my kids had to get used to having me around and having my full attention… like my oldest was kinda shy around me and now he finally broke out of that. It was like he didn’t even know me. I can’t speak for everyone but for me family comes first. So a job that requires me to put family last will never work. I feel so traumatized from that situation it’s still hard for me to want to go back into the workforce out of fear of going through that again.
Because NO ONE wants to get the jab!!! It doesn't matter the better pay and all of that. Call ot whatever you want and put the fancy spin on it. But the bottom line is it is due to the forced mandatory vaccine jab and the side effects that they keep surpresed from the public.  It's funny how they can raise wages and all of that now, when we marched and protested some years ago for the minimum wage to be raised and they brushed it off as nothing saying it would cause economic crisis/collapse. Well, well, the plandemic backfired and all lies are being exposed. The reaping.
Better pay by 10% but we just raised our prices by 20%. Even better, we are now making 2 people do 3 people's job so that's an immediate 33% paycut.
It's the Youtube and Gig economy; too many opportunities for people to be self-employed...Capitalism at it's best, Baby!:)
The industries the lady mentioned are retail and hospitality was most affected.  Maybe 35 to 50 percent of the customers think their entitled to say and do whatever they want with no consequences.  Also the employers listen to the customer and do not protect  their employees from those type of people.  Employers need to increase their people's pay and benefits by 40 to 50 percent.  Correct customers that mistreat employees on the spot.  Offer higher pay, training, benefits and protection from customers that feel and think they are not accountable for their actions.  A total lack of accountability, responsibility, decisionmaking and integrity.
“There’s no office that can offer me what I have in my house.”  Perfect
My employer would not allow the full quarantine time suggested by a doctor when I contracted Covid. I was given 4 days. Some employers are challenging the change and not giving in.
How are they supporting themselves.
As a hiring manager for technical maintenance some of what's being said is true. It's hard to find and attract talent. Americans work ethic is not the same as when I entered the job market many years ago.
Everybody who got stimulus checks and ppp loans invested and 5x their money and was able to not work for 6 months to 2 years...
the only answer to the problem either in America or anywhere in the world is to go back to the Creator, worship, praise, and glorify Him on a daily basis or five times a day. if you do so, Allah will take care of you, and of course, you must stay away from drugs and drinking. Simply you worship Him, He will take care of you
How are you paying the mortgage? Without a job? How are you feeding your family?
It's a managerial issue not an employer issue... Some businesses put a ''now hiring sign'' 'Help Wanted" sign outside in majority cases to intimidate their employees ect.. and the list goes on..
60mins turn on the CC!!! you're in violation of the ADA.
@9:47 look at the smile on her face 🤣 Imagine if the husband did the samething. "Oh honey I hit a wall and quit my job without talking to you first. I know we got bills and a kid but this was the right thing for me"...  She will probably divorce that dude.
It's  a sign of entitlement and being lazy.  You got these people who never ran a business so they don't understand how it works. They expect to make the same amount as the person who is financially invested and responsible for the success. Small businesses have to balance a multitude of things to be successful. I get the fact people want to be valued and treated with respect, that's fair. People do what people do and that is going to far, they want to go to work when it's convenient have outstanding medical care and make more than an employer can afford. So I think you got options. Go start your own business with what ever skill set you have and be your own boss. It's scary but you are your own boss. Being self employed is both rewarding and tough. I now work at a company doing 60 hrs a week (by choice lol) because right now it's the best and easiest thing for me. I'm only working here because they offer the over time voluntarily and there is no risk to me if they went under.  I think it will be good to see a generation of self reliant people working for themselves and being responsible for themselves... it takes power away from government and I'm all for that. Just don't be a lazy pos who lives in a tent dropping home values of people who want to live civilized. Most them choose it and admit it. It's disgusting to look at.
Gas prices keep going up and so is everything else and you want us to work for $11 an hour for it!? Yeah NO THANKS!
The fear of covid working with young children. The rule of CDC are not informed to protect the employees
Wages stay the same, everything else goes up. That means your working twice as hard, for the same amount of money you got before.
Thanks
Employers: “If you don’t like it you can leave!” Employees: “Ok then” Employers: “No! Wait! Come back!”
Can America give a job ?
The biggest problem, in this country is housing cost. The real estate companies are the REAL PROBLEM.  Overcharging for renting and buying. If the government wants to step in. Step in on that. Enough of 3000$ a month for a garbage apt. Thats the real problem.
We need good and qualified workers here in Germany (in the industry, nurses, elderly care, truck driver ....) and they pay good here in Germany. Most important is that you get a health insurance. So, if you want to work - give it a try in Germany. The legal minimum wage (summer 2020) will be 12 € (13,40 USD) .....that means that you will get that at least per hour if you work at Mc Donalds or something like that ..................and you will have a way better work-life ballance. As a full time worker, you will work 5-6 days a week (sunday is no working day here) ...you work between 38 - 42 hours / week and between 25-30 paid days off (for holiday) per year.
Companies forcing the vaccine is the reason.
When you are already in 30's it is good to spent your very precious life on families and friends because money can't buy happiness and life in our generation smart people can earn online same as companies that have Robot workers you see its very dangerous to get outside we are in pandemic edges.
Housing is going back to the historical mean as we speak  https://youtu.be/X5IgA_mQTGI
People can't afford the gasoline for the commute and still turn a profit.
Duh! Stop the mandates and you will have plenty of workers
WHY DID  60 MINUTES DISABLE THE CC FOR THE HEARING IMPAIRED? NOT VERY NICE!
People are tired of working for nothing. Mistreatments.
https://youtu.be/OMLttdJvXAQ
Restaurants should pay a decent wage instead of pushing employer pay to us clients inform of tips.
Communist talk. It will end in a blood bath.
Employers lately have ridiculous expectations of employees. My son was working in a sandwich shop. FT college student. All online classes so he said his schedule was flexible but he could only work 15-20 hours. The kid is a hard worker. He shows up on time and plain old shows up. Kept getting scheduled 32+ hours a week. Kept asking for less hours. “Next week.” “Next week.” Finally, he got scheduled 46 hours in one week. No way. He went in and told the manager he needed to get his hours reduced. He could NOT work the 4 ten hour days in a row she had him scheduled for. She told him he could work the hours she scheduled him for or he could quit. So, he walked out. Basically the choice she gave him was to fail his classes by working a job with no future or work somewhere else. Bye! So short sighted.
Is it not a coincidence that they're all Democrat states people are running from.  This whole piece feels like the WEF agenda. Scary.
They tired of working for nothing paying taxes for what for the rich to get richer an they stay poor
Because it’s 2022 lol the whole country is absolutely falling apart and we have a child sniffing freak as a president lol 😂
For $2 and tips  in texas u can get covid with no sick days or benefits and clean the bathroom etc. Sad 2022
The military is always hiring. I joined the air force last year and haven't looked back.  Full health benefits for my family, paid holidays, and 30 paid vacation days a year.
I work at Golden coral  make 11.50 an hour and work 30 to 35 hours a week.  They will have me work 5 hours in a day but cost me 7 dollars for for gas . Rent in my area is 1200 + for a 1/1 . A month pay would not get me apartment.  I been trying to get a better job but,  they don't want to pay
One of the reasons could be employee are afraid of drifting the disease from someone else, simply because they are not complying with the Government protocol; wearing a mask, maintaining six feet... this should be applicable to everyone else including employees, and customers..no body would like to infected, come home without knowing and pass it through your families... 75% don't seem to comply with the rules...
They say better pay but 15$ is the new minimum wage and when inflation is going up up up u cant hardly make it since covid my rent went up by 200$more a month biden taken the engery bussines and bring back the red tape more than every before its crazy how bad these people hate America and Americans that there willing to put mandates like Obama care vaxx people are not willing to work with a u better do xyz everyweek covid testing the we havevto pay for take time to try to find the test people dont carry
They say better pay but 15$ is the new minimum wage and when inflation is going up up up u cant hardly make it since covid my rent went up by 200$more a month biden taken the engery bussines and bring back the red tape more than every before its crazy how bad these people hate America and Americans that there willing to put mandates like Obama care vaxx people are not willing to work with a u better do xyz everyweek covid testing the we havevto pay for take time to try to find the test people dont carry
I don't think it has much to do with unemployment payments. Prices for everything is inflating and the wages are staying the same.  People are working full time jobs and can't afford rent because it's going up. I would quit too, if I worked hard at a job and was still paycheck to paycheck.
One question that should be asked is that why is cost of living and consumables are going up while people already can't afford to pay rent or buy  in the first place?
How about employer’s taking care of employees instead of giving more money to over priced VP, AVP, salaries and health insurance
Give more pay and respect
These business owners are full of garbage. They should’ve revealed how much they pay employees! Low wages….
Here are some contributing factors: stagnant wages while owners incomes increase, bad working conditions, lack of respect from employers and low level of unionization. If there is a union employees can negotiate for improvements together. Alone it is very hard to change wages or working conditions.
Get rid of all the damn discrimination on these jobs And let people work
All these companies trying to force and mandate, that's what I'm seeing.
What's worse is how many trusted demons and rushed to give up their soul , to be comfortable
Since the covid ppl realize spending time with family is more important. No more working M-F we want to change instead of working full- time five to seven days a week, how about working three to four times a week full time choosing to work 10-12 hours. Or making more jobs available online.
Guess what? The way Long Hauler Crohn’s disease works:  Typically anything you eat and most things you drink are perceived as a threat by your body in the form of gut damage.  In response your body produces cystic fibrosis.  What that means is often after you eat or drink something you begin to cough up mucus that suddenly appears in the airways.  A coronavirus long hauler with such medical condition experiences a huge increase in frequency, severity and duration of this cystic fibrosis on a daily basis.   So far I cannot tell if this is permanent but it has been over a year. It’s time for the government to step up and do something for long haulers with permanent health issues. 🆘 ❤️  #Crohns #COVID #LongHauler #JUSTBELOVE #Coronavirus #Cysticfibrosis
I've worked in manufacturing for 32 years. You are just a number. They cannot find employees so you 95% of the time are working 60 to 80 hours a week to makeup the difference. And when you are fed up they just find someone else to do it until they are sick of it. Rinse and repeat for every company I've worked for no matter the size. All you get is no life and a ticket to the grave quick. We are getting sick of it. Look at Europe they have tons of time off and the employers are ok with it.
We are tired of being exploited
Employer still don't understand in this video.  You need Employees to keep you customers 🙄.
It’s because the government is forcing the vaccination.
For me I was a Truck driver and the cost of child care was to high so I quit to take care of the kids while my wife works.When she is off work I work part time at a temp agency..that's what works for us
Companies and even small businesses sent people home, and closed their doors with no opportunity. Savings were depleted. Then, they had to wait months for a stimulus. Every man and woman for themselves.
Maybe less companies wil! Freely treat workers like worthless dogshit!
Ai Is The Future"
Increase wages and people will go back to work. No one wants to live check to check.
Like not having a middle-manager stop you as you're leaving at the end of the day--saying you have more notes to complete before you leave. She wore the "black hat" manager. Borderline harassment.
My sister just let me know she quit her job for another job.  She worked at a real estate developer's office.  She is a breast cancer survivor and all thru the pandemic the owner kept insisting COVID-19 wasn't bad and that she was needed in the office.  Eventually she was allowed to work from home three days a week but then they insisted she come back.  Well, she found a new job that pays 20% more, cut her health care costs by 2/3rds and respect her and her medical condition and she gets to continue to work as partly at home and a few days in the office as needed.  She probably would have looked for another position anyway but the pandemic pushed her to leave quickly.
The problem isn’t lack of workers, it’s stubborn and intractable management and owners who wish to keep their level of pay and not budge on the ratio. Japan has got a different method of calculating the ratio, but they still have many other systemic issues causing imbalance. Many European companies have lowered executive pay and raised subordinate pay to their collective benefit. Dinosaurs will get their due when they fail to change.
So the mandates don't have anything to do with it.. Hello TELL THE TRUTH..
People got sick of greedy CEO’s who feel they need to make a billion dollars instead of paying their employees a wage they deserve with basic benefits. And now the new hires are getting better pay and better benefits than those who grinned and beared it during the whole pandemic thus far. People are sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Who would guess it would take a pandemic for Americans to realize the benefits with financial security for unemployed. Like, the ability to not being forced to work at a place you hate simply because you must be able to pay rent, and instead being able to try and find something that suits you better.
Help wanted - you see these signs everywhere because nobody wants to work for a minimum wage, they want to work from home and have a life work balance. I’ve been applying to jobs lately and a lot of employers say that once they post their job offer they get swamped with over 200 applications within two hours so people definitely want to work and the competition is high right now for remote jobs.
More pay less vaccines.
Where are people getting their money to survive?
I need a job
Pathetic wages I believe is the main factor that determines whether or not someone is more than happy to ditch their job. While corporate America lines the pockets of wealthy stockholders, the average Joe working in healthcare, restaurants, the fast food & retail industries is making a ridiculously low wages.  Look at the revenue these big Companies are pulling in, like T.J. Maxx, Home Depot, Sam’s Club, and hundreds more or thousands more. And they expect that their staff should get paid nine dollars an hour when it’s not even remotely close to a livable wage.. These are rich rich super rich corporations. Who do not care about their staff.  It’s all about the greed is the US.  I was in healthcare & if you weren’t a nurse the salaries are a joke…Also, Including low wages there are often no benefits. Or if you’re lucky a week off a year. It’s just beyond pathetic.
The guy said his workers didn't come back, they found new jobs. Which means......they didn't want to work for him anymore. Either pay or environment.  Solved.
Could you maybe interview the people who are resigning in the great resignation?  Maybe?  Ridiculous. Let's ask an out of touch exec why people won't work for him in this interview all about the working class. 🥴
They are seriously ignoring the fact that people are quitting because the average workspace is hostile to mental and/or physical health and yet doesn't pay enough to live on.
Bc no one wants to be forced to get something they don't want, don't need...
The pandemic provided citizens with income to create their own business. I believe those who took advantage of the stimulus finances became empowered/knowledge of ownership. Plus it awakened the new ways to make money using technology. The future is here.
I quit my job like a day ago,remember everybody find a job/career that will make you happy and do whats best for you in this life
Because they don’t pay enough to be able to afford your own space. You’re basically spending every dollar you earn on housing, food, bills and transportation so you can be able to earn money for housing, food, bills and transportation with nothing left over for anything else. Might as well just not work. That’s where I’m at right now. Employers will have to offer me some sort of incentive to return to the workforce. Being broke and homeless doesn’t scare me anymore. Life is actually less stressful that way.
Before the pandemic I had 2 jobs, now I only have one and one isn't enough to pay my bills.
I can't stand this woman...the way she treated my President Trump...she's a CNN LIER
My first cousin I was raised with died of cancer, I was told to find my replacement so I could attend funeral! I quit!
I thought illegal Mexicans had all the jobs. That’s what Trump said 🤷🏼‍♂️
maybe this will be this death of the rat race
There will come a time where Employers and employees will come to an agreement as partners rather then Employees and employers. That time is now! Otherwise their common factor will pay for their lack of understanding one another. Customers
...the entire "REPORT" is absolutely irrelevant in "facts" it presents. People are being fired because they invoke RELIGIOUS EXEMPTIONS to the TYRANNICAL DICTATES related to HOGWASH fraud called c.o.v.i.d. Lot of companies lost clients/customers because a new divide of TWO types of people. Vaksed and unvaksed.
Why are these people laughing so much?
I'm out with dictatorship government in Australia ridiculous lock downs experimental vaccines! Brainwashed citizens to government lies violent over the top criminal police 👮🏻‍♀️... might seek asylum in TEXAS or some other place!
No one wants to hire me, and I am overqualified for the jobs I and settling with. I am working 2 part time jobs and I still can barely get by. And there are no known Government assistance. No 4th Stimulus package yet.  I would quit now. But I am over 50. I have a work ethic and discipline.  Thank You.
People are sick of making CEOs and corporations billions and would rather try to make their own money. And at restaurants customers are horrible and the money's not worth it.but it'll cycle back when inflation gets so bad the ball will be back in the corporations court.
Low pay and no medical benefits. I keep hearing about all of these great jobs available with benefits etc. It is a lie.
YouTube, masks don’t work!!!  Liberal  YouTube, you suck!!!
American new word for laziness
Laziness got a new word ( American )
Why are Americans leaving jobs? Most are lazy and love a free handout for the rest of their lives and daddy government loves that.The others are not getting the poison jab being thrown in their faces by our freemason government who is sleeping in bed with The World Economic Forum who want to install The New World Order.
Even though thiers truth to somev of these points Raised.  When the rent memorandums and free money stops watch everyone run back to thier jobs. Let's stop all this noble bs
Don’t ever work in retails and grocery stores. They are the worst.
Cuz Americans are brainwashed by communists
Americans are lazy and spoiled. They only care about material things.
Too many ways to make money to sit around at a desk being patronized for 30 years GTFOH
What gets me about this whole Great Resignation narrative, is that unemployment is currently under 4%, which is considered full employment.
The business owners do not want to pay or offer benefits. They skim the cream off the top and want you to work for free.  Greed at the top.
QUIT LYING MEDIA AND QUIT ASKING PEOPLE THAT ARE OUT OF TOUCH WITH THE REAL AMERICAN PEOPLE, IT'S THE "COVID RESTRICTIONS" THAT HAVE FORCED MOST PEOPLE OUT OF THEIR JOBS..
Retail and hospitality pays crud.
Miami affordable??? 😆 🤣 LOL
60 minutes yah your real news . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BECAUSE THEY WONT TAKE THE JAB.  BECAUSE THE GOVERNMENT IS CLOSING BUSINESSES. BECAUSE THE GOV IS PAYING PEOPLE UNREAL UNEMPLOYMENT. BECAUSE THE GOV SAID YOU DONT HAVE TO PAY RENT. I CAN GO ON...
I think people are realizing jobs suck and starting their own stuff etc. I helped one guy get started in realestate that was a store manager at ntb,he made decent money annually but the hours suck he said. When he broke it down hourly he wasn't making much at all,worked so many hours.they were short handed and the corporate office still wouldn't approve overtime for the little workers he had.  Now he makes more in a month than what he was making annually. You work your whole life and lucky to get 1500 per month in social security,you break that down annually that is well below the poverty level. Most won't get 1500 and the having just one stock won't be enough to do much. It is scary for people. Many are to blame cause they choose to do things that won't help with their futures. Watching sports, tv ,Hulu etc, hooking up all the time the usual lol..when I retired from my job at 35 I yelled out yes!. yeah jobs pay crap for the most part. Yeah you work your whole life to fatten up somebody else's pockets.
People are treated poorly or straight up thrown to the side and are sick of it. Not a quitting problem. Awful journalism here team
Man idk, I'm over here trying to look for a job, all I found after 3 months of constant looking was a job for $7.50 an hour.  I make more doing Doordash ffs.
Waiting for someone to comment the real truth about why people are not working smh 🤦🏽‍♀️ Y’all believe them if you wnat
what is to be said..the government is basically paying peeps to stay home....
Because USA, you some trashy people to work for now. Key word of the day greed and lifestyles
Well its this simple fire all management…start from scratch….
I can here The Godfather, I’m a phd!
People are being FORCED to leave because of these ILLEGAL vaccine mandates.  Sad day in history when idiots keep begging for big government.
When your pay check is eaten up by child care, travel cost, and other work related costs, why should you work.  Also you have to pay taxes on those monies you had to pay out to work.  Glad my wife and I had good paying jobs.  Most people don’t have jobs like we had.
Maybe to stop paying taxes to get these corrupt politicians in power get richer on our expense?? After all, our money is not to help us the citizens of this country.  People are waking up to the truth and are getting tired of all these thieves!
People realized they a slaves.
mandatory vaccine BS
Still wondering how all the people who didn't get other jobs are surviving without going to work.
Hospital Chief here in Florida said that it wasn't a shortage of beds problem but a shortage of staff to attend those in beds. Perhaps it wasn't too smart to force Doctors, nurses, and healthcare workers to take the jab.
Because they are LAZY.....and would rather live off the Government!!
No one is talking about the problem and blaming.
Why are we not talking about social media income? That's huge and what's exploded as a new form of income the past few years. Tik tok, Facebook, Instagram, selling second hand poshmark, eBay etc.  People can generate an income and stay home and quit their crappy jobs! And just in time for a pandemic!
Restaurants jobs like so many in the service industry - bring nothing not tried and debt.
All they need is a bus load of mexicans to get the job done. They'll appreciate having a job and living in a better environment to raise their children but with all these racist humans it's hard especially coming from another country where you never experienced it.
Mandates are what we Americans are not for, don't force us to get the shot. Obviously the vaccine is not stopping the spread or is a cure for covid-19
If all these people quit how do they survive?
Americans are so spoiled lol
Quitting tradition W2 and transitioning to 1099 - this seems to be the trend. So while Americans are quitting their jobs in record numbers (American jobs which it has become very apparent - and the pandemic really drove it home - that there never was and never has been a such thing as job security or a workplace in which profit is not the primary driver of decisions and the employee is expendable.) So W2s transitioning to 1099 (some have multiple 1099 "gigs" for backup/contingency). American workers are pivoting en masse.
Biden EEUU OTAN uk Israel bandidos terroristas mundiales
Why would women work if they could just sell pictures and videos of themselves?🤣
Same problem in germany
Whi shoukd we ask about why the people that are quitting the job?.......the employer.  All these damn degrees and nobody has any common sense.
Its called work. I am a 63 year old male and back in the eighties we lived for friday happy hours. that is where you met people and socialized. commuting everyday, traffic, weather and broken down public transit was the way to go. Kids these days have no clue what real work is about.
Crime in the blue cities and covid mandates!!!!!!
Its a management/owner problem, like literally got 2 workers to do a 5-10 workers job. Like eat into those profits a bit and hire some more workers especially on the days they’re gonna make more money and gonna be busier.
It's the market at work. Workers realize that their time and labor is worth more than what employers are offering them, so they're refusing to sell their time/labor to these employers. If employers want to get workers back, they need to up the pay and increase whatever benefits they're offering instead of giving executives bigger bonuses.
All is lost!
Because employers exploit workers
There’s workers but the workers realize there value
60 Minutes really missed the facts on this one. It’s about worker exploitation and wage theft.
It's not about the money all the time!   It's the convenience!
Cost of living , long hours, underpaid.
I remember years ago Republicans crying that baby boomers staying on the jobs to long and not giving them to the younger generation.     Lololol now that it is happening there are not enough young people to fill the positions.     Employers need to offer a living wage  so young people can own a home. The American dream is dying.
I get treated like garbage after working 12 hours a day to make YOU money. nah ill live in my van down by the river
Companies changed since the "Great Recession" of 2008. With all the mass layoffs and job losses at the time, their attitude was: You are just lucky to have a job, so therefore we are going to pay you a lot less money than the job should pay,  give you lousy benefits, make you do the job of 10 people and treat you like garbage. Why? Because you should feel so lucky to work here and have a job. And for years, people put up with it. Now, that time is over...
The rich  BETTER start paying instead of buying bigger boats. PERIOD
Jobs need to pay enough to be able to afford an apartment at least. You have to make 30k a year in Texas to get an apartment and most only get 20k.
My company treats most employees as disposable assets. Who wants to do that? Who puts in 100% under those conditions? Who builds loyalty under those circumstances? No One, that's who!
The truth was rent, gas, food, utilities, and almost everything else were higher, but not salary.  For the last over a year, the average family of four lost $500 dollars each month compared with past years.  If a mother sends her child to the babysitter, buys food, and goes to work with an average income at of today, she better stay home cooking and take care of her child or children rather than pay everything higher then she is enough with nothing left.  In this case, she saves about ten hours each day (eight working hours and two driving hours).  People know how to calculate between working and pleasure, they are not stupid.
Theses morons don’t understand we can’t afford all are bills on $7-$10 per hour before taxes working part time or full time. I can literally ask people on the street for money in make $10 faster and not have to pay taxes or clean a floor or listen a boss.
lmao benefits, pay, and sign on is bs. I just got hired somewhere and they dont have any parking...another place no benefits, place after that no room for advancement while dealing with toxic work environments. Some places say they are willing to teach and no call backs. they refuse to hire employees to compensate for the short staffing and expect their workers to "hang in there" under all these bs conditions. lmaooo f out of here.
When my job said the vaccine mandate is coming. Me an over a hundred people walked out.
A lot of jobs don’t pay us or not flexible we dispenseable in there eyes this is all Hollywood
the wealth inequality in our country is so beyond ridiculous im honestly shocked that more people arent yelling and screaming about it.
Not to mention were ALL coughing up our lungs!! 🤬.
I remember when 60 min was really a worth watching unbiased truthful informative program, not anymore! Too much political crap going on!
Amazing how you have an economist who is not telling you the truth! People are voting with their feet.  Moving to red states where their money buys more and they keep more in their pockets.  What a lack of knowledge this woman had. Why don’t you interview Thomas Sowell  and get an economis 101 explanation
Well, you all hated Trump, so now who are you accusing about this nightmare we are living trough? It’s simple, Biden is paying people not to work! So people are NOT GOING TO WORK! IDIOTS
Its a pay problem duh.. Get in your own kitchen and cook your own food....nobody wants to stroke your ego and work 20 hours a week...or 50 hours a week making $10 an hour...THEY BETTER GET A CLUE because America is shutting down! All of you will loose your business ...because of food shortages and ww3 around the corner and covid. I will be laughing hard at you American Dream\ nightmare folks. The people woke up ...ain't no more dreaming, its just a nightmare
If people are quoting so much how are they able to pay bills for these long stretches of time. It’s 2022 now
Why are people quitting their jobs in record number? That’s easy….  Masks, Vaccine Mandates, total oppression 😷 Who wants to work in a muzzle
Why is this growing epidemic black faced in this news coverage 🤔
Everyone is planning an exit in 22, some people just pretend they are not, even the LinkedIn economist is likely being recruited by another tech company.  How we work and workspaces need to be reimagined and more innovation is needed.  We still work like post-war 1950s America or the 80s.  People with alternatives are not interested in those jobs, this is why America always needed a permanent lower class to fill these jobs.
Ha ha the rich who exploited their workers, are finally getting what they deserve. The greedy pigs are finally being put on the spit. Treat your employees like humans, and not objects.
Everyone can not work from  home like police, firemen, nurses, doctors, beauticians, people who work as plumbers,electricians, carpenters on and on   we deal with stress also and difficult supervisors  some jobs require you to have to leave your home. People that can do that are blessed now as far as the young generation who don’t want to go to work at department store fast food restaurants and the like some of them are use to putting pressure on there parents and loved ones to give them money and pay there bills and let’s not talk about the lazy people who want the government to hand them everything and want to compare themselves to people who started working at a very young age and have never stopped there are so many issues that haven’t been addressed in this segment.
Americans are over worked we should make the work week shorter 4 days of work and 3 days off. If you spend more time at work then you do at home with your family then something is wrong.
the pay super low that why no one want to work.. while the owner, ceo and share holder take milions or billions of dollar for themself.
Karin may have a bird's eye view of the labor force but 60 Minutes should have interviewed real people who quit their abusive jobs. This episode is getting roasted on TikTok on how poorly this segment is researched lololol. You interviewed Karin, a construction company owner... why didn't you talk to more actual workers??? 🤨🧐🧐
I quit at the end of 2020, sold my LA home and moved to a beach in West Africa. I was the youngest administrator for my company, the pay was great but I couldn't enjoy it or spend time with my family. They discourage break time, controlled house you dressed, shortened your vacation days you can take consecutively...In one years time I have a mansion, two rental properties, a farm and have become a paid social media influencer and consultant, all from the comfort of my bedroom.
A lot of companies are going to go out of business, the ones who treat employees well will take over. Rich toxic CEOs deserve whats coming for a long time now.
Blame the government and Fed. Everyone who rents will see up to 25% increase in rent mainly if they move to another rental. Housing is unsustainable at 25% increase in one year while wages went up 4.8% and inflation is 7%.
This is going to turn once the economy crashes and then people will take any job they can get.  People don't remember that the 2008 crash started just like this around 2006.
The customer service has been absolutely terrible since the pandemic started! If you want to quit then quit but don’t take out your anger on the rest of us who are trying to make it too and getting overtly rude service where we are spending our money!
Why aren’t you been honest, people don’t want to take the jab. This is why no one is watching your program…..dis honest media!
When we quitted something, it's because we don't see it's worth and there's something else more value. The problems of the companies they left are still and getting worse, fortunately those problems are not for the people who left them any longer.
They can't even offer you a free meal a day when they throw so much food away at the end of the night.
AI and autonomous  jobs and then you  won't be able to get a job you stupid fool
It’s the unsolvable problem.  The types of jobs that are left Unfilled or the entry level and lower tier skilled labor positions that don’t pay enough for someone to live on. Today’s housing costs in America are sky high as well as fuel cost, grocery costs, car and house insurance and the list goes on. The wages just don’t match the cost of living today
Americans are leaving their jobs,,for lots of reasons,,,if you been with the same company for years and still making 12 dollars per hour,,in 2022, and your boss makes 12 millions,, make you think....I do all the work why I can't start my own business,, next business gets  away for years not paying a living wage...upsf,  ups and more have management talk to employees like garbage,  and when you complain to HR...nothing done,,when you have a emergency with your family..management will tell you that's your personal problem,,,so most people take those time during the lock down to evaluate their family lifestyle and jobs,,,and take some of the stimulus money to start their own business,,,,so most likely that you will see that type of thing going on for years to come,,,,ceo wants to get paid millions but the employees can't afford to feed their children,,,school bus drivers makes 10 dollars per hour,,,,and you have the nerve to say people doesn't want to work,,,you should be lucky to have anyone...
Why y'all act like y'all don't know why people are quitting their jobs? Stop playing.
I did not quit my job. I told the company that I worked at for 21 years, my services are no longer needed here and RETIRED. Yea! GIRL BYE!!
it is lack of respect and pay issues. Also, with pandemic, many online and remote jobs have been open, so you have internet and computer in the house, there you , you can work from home!
Why not feature some white people?
because you retards tried to make us inject poison into our bodies
And how do you remote work on a construction job?
I don’t know anybody who is unemployed right now or maybe that’s just my circle of people.
Minute 1:14 indeed!
We are tired of the same work system some companies lack empathy towards coworkers but we must also (all us workers) maintain high rates of productivity indeed to continue functioning and all amenities of society. More pto perhaps???? family time??
People are sick of woke companies!!!
Please Leslie tell ??? Truth
Pretty sure its cause they dont wanna have to get the jab.....
They should have interviewed more employees vs employers
The grass is rarely greener on the other side.
People say things will get more expensive if wages go up. Everything is already doubling in price and wages haven't changed. How about stop pushing profit motivated laws. Create incentives for companies that have happy healthy employees instead of greedy corporations comiting borderline slavery.
Most any job where you have to be in contact with the public just literally sucks.
it has to do with respecting new employees and paying what we are worth
Can't honestly expect a linkedIn exec to understand the real world.
I own a roofing company and I’m basically begging whoever to come to work and paying them double what I made starting out with zero experience. People need things fixed or installed and well it’s getting very hard for a homeowner to find good help that’s not months out.
Just wait until the economy collapses and everybody will begin begging for jobs
This whole pandemic is a bunch of Political corruption and lies. They’re trying to forcefully bring forth the New World Order.
Welfare, unemployment play a big factor. America is getting lazy
The great resignation makes me so so happy.
What's the point in working if you're still gonna be homeless?
Mandates
i work at a goodwill here in venice fla and there are people leaving at 10 bucks an hour and corp wont hire more people to work there  then there will be folks leaving more will leave
Lower tax states
Maybe free money.....
Why did it take it take 60 minutes a year to report on this Is the REAL QUESTION
Also interesting to add that service and construction are jobs that immigrants have often filled. This trend away from immigration can't possibly help.
And yet, we have a complete bone-head running for Senate in Arizona, Blake Masters, who's CONSTANTLY running an add that we need to seal the border so Americans can get American jobs.  Ask ANY farmer, meat packing plant, construction co., and they'll all tell you they desperately need migrants to fill these positions as Americans overwhelmingly do not want these jobs and won't do them.  Anyone can look at our population demographics and see the U.S. population is declining and birth rates are non-replinishable, just like Europe's, Japan's and many other countries, yet, our economy continues to grow, needing more nurses, retail workers and other jobs filled.  There's just not enough people to fill them.
People are saying the CEO's can't pay their employees more than 10$ a hour when they are making millions a year. These CEOs are making way less than you think just to avoid taxes and Rather get paid with huge stock bonuses so they can avoid taxes with their unrealized gains . Anyone that understands finance will understand this.
Its because we all getting paid the same amount despite having to work 4 times harder since 2020 hit. People retiring early.
Just resigned from my job that I've been at for 5 yrs.  Got sick and tired of being run ragged with crazy overtime hours and for insufficient pay.  Friday will be my last day!
sorry  cooks in so many  of thes restaurants they don't care how they treat people and they expect the owner's to hold their jobs they need to start losing their jobs and get better workers
Comments can tell you why
and works think they worth 20 and 30 a hour when they not worth but 8 a hour
because joe biden is giving away to much money
Forced mandates
Because we’re humans not machines !!!!!
Americans arent quitting any jobs, this is media psychology to justify their open border policies,  because someone needs to serve these elitist..its all horseshit.
Why not they can live off the government  as long  as the rest of us are working to pay for it.
I’m glad this is happening, these jobs that graduates had a hard time getting, and treated employees with disrespect is now paying for their sins. This is the chickens coming home to roost.
Power to the People!
It's called the end time great Exodus!!  Many will l ave fleeing entire system. Soon. Very soon we're waiting on our word to go! 🙏🙏
Austin TX is no longer affordable thnx to all the tech companies moving here it's the new California
Today’s 60 minutes is an embarrassment from what it was at it’s inception. The “woke” culture has permeated all aspects of what once was historically objective and honest.  programming. All one needs to confirm this is review the early years.
I hate when they say "Loss of jobs" there was no loss of jobs. There was a safety issue so the jobs were on hold. Problem is employers don't appreciate employees so nobody stuck around for their un appreciative employers. period.
Bias reporting.. It's because of these stupid mandates.   And no we do not need to bring in 500 thousand illegal workers a quarter into the job market as this administration keeps dumping into the country.
Did anyone ever think that maybe there’s just so many people with poor work ethics and bad review references? Try being a manager before talking about management. I manage about two dozen employees, only one person has ever worked a full week without calling out. Some only work 3-4days per week, this is the schedule they asked for. And guess what? For that one employee, I had ZERO problems giving them a nice raise.
Miami is far from affordable
Im jobless here in Kenya,can someone connect me to these vacancies please
60 min liberal trash
I want to quit my job because they don’t pay enough and at time management can be toxic
It isnt about finding people. Companies are taking advantage of the dwindling workforce to force those left to do as much possible. Nobody wants to pay their people more because of this fake scare of anti-capitalism. We aren't anti-capitalist. We want fair competition which hasnt been part of our system for a long time. They need to pay more and people would stay.
Not enough pay or benefits
We waking up we going to crash y'all system 😭 anunnaki gods are back
Why work in retail or food when anti vaxxers won't do what's necessary to be protected.
Don't worry people. That's why we have Mexicans. Let the country run again.
Management takes everything away from the workers and offer little pay or measly raises. Management are reaping huge bonuses. We're sick of it!!
i mean jezz let me think 🤔? Maybe it has something to do with the Mandates that were threatened to be implemented 😂. These people are so disgusting
Employers have no respect for employees been that way for years people finally pushing back
How do they really measure this stuff? Nobody came to me to ask why I left my job. No one asked me why I’m not returning to work yet.
According to Biden, they've created thousands of jobs though!  Okay Brandon.
it's not that people don't want to work, they don't want to work for next to no pay!!
Does it bother anyone that Linkden is watching what you do so much? Or any other big tech platform for that matter. I know it's hard for anyone under 40 to understand this, but get off big techs radar. through those computers out and use a regular home phone. it's so much easier in the long run and nosey companies won't be following your every move. YES I am doing it. very soon.
BECAUSE THE VACCINE IS THE MARK OF THE BEAST.  We will not sell our souls to the Devil like the Elites have. Those who perpetrated this entire biological warfare.
Nobody wants to be forced to take the jab!
Mandates
It has nothing to do with the Megatron or Cybertron virus. It's the politicians and their lies.
Burned out! Making others rich while you're barely making it! Bad management teams can destroy the work environment too.
DO the data  Or  DOES the data?  Hmmmmmmm
My newly adult son is applying everywhere and hardly ever gets an interview and has yet been hired. A year now of this. It’s a joke. Companies say they are hiring and paying more but they’re more than willing to get by on with fewer employees in order to turn a bigger profit. FYI…he has training and experience.
If this is how 60 minutes is going to report this stuff, so completely tone deaf, then they won't be staying relevant.
Why do health care workers prefer to quit rather than take this shot? What do they know? What have they seen?
So either everyone is a popular
People do not live to work......but work to live......Only big corp exec...Gov making money off the poor peoples backs.   No more!!!
The difference between the top and bottom need to be changed. Having 10% of employees do the work for 100% while bosses, supervisors, and whatever title you want to give them do absolutely nothing and get paid the rate of multiple workers.
In 33 years of  Nursing, I have never met  an  ER tech. I   worked. in large and small hospitals. I have seen  MDs, nurses and  PAs..  Where are  you at?
It is sad that they don't mention even immigrants that had been missing for all this war against them
People must all became rich
Quit giving them free money and they'll go back to work.  Starvation is an excellent motivator.
This is awful reporting.  The woman who quit under the guise of empowerment and she doesn't need a job? She only quit because her husband was employed. Had he not been there she wouldn't be in this interview. Jobs are still necessary.
Bs why? Government is scarring people and making this lazy people stay home because they don't open the country open America quit lying. And most of them they got fired because the government want them to do that they don't believe in.
What's really needed is for everyone one and loved one be okay alive we can share another day of life not see them struggling were not going to live long
I just see the world going to en end I feel bad for are kids back  then ppl use to get paid  a quarter and we're still happy and treated others with kindness I remember my teacher telling me that's what they use to get paid but times change I'm grateful for what I have as long my bills family  is okay ppl don't really  like the truth but I understand single mom your okay but for couples who both get paid okay to live in a okay place with family and not try to have an expensive car or things aren't needed
Independent is the future
Retail has ALWAYS been full of petty tyrants. And ALL tyrants are petty. For example, food handlers who have to clean restrooms. I think some staff turnover is correlated to this. Some retail owners who are too small to hire somebody from outside their business, to come in and do the janitorial work, should be seen by many doing the toilet bowls themselves. They should then make sure that proper equipment to clean toilet bowls and urinals is not skimped on. And don’t skimp on hot water and repairs. Investment in this area, of time, resources and outsourcing would slow the turnover in many of these petty retail outfits. Otherwise, in my opinion, they DESERVE to close. People are too sophisticated and full of options to tolerate petty tyranies for long.
Work hard! there are millions of unemployed people depending on you!
Open doors to foreigners hahaha. We are more skilled. Try me for example 😂
People are soft and privileged. It's the Disease of Prosperity.
The answer is very easy, Why are so many leaving jobs?    BECAUSE THEY WANT TO LIVE!
Why are a lot of people being forced out of their jobs because they don't want to take an experimental drug with a lot of terrible side effects???
This is the big push for socialism and most people don't see it coming. The longer a person stays unemployed the more they do not want to go back in the work force. Then there is more reliance on government handouts, this gives the people in power more power over the people. In the end if people don't work we all lose.
THE AMERICAN DREAM WAS NEVER TRUE....THIS CANT BE LIFE....PEOPLE MAKING MORE THAN 3000$ A MONTH AND STILL FUCKN BROKE....RENT IS TOO HIGH....CABLE IS WAY TOO HIGH AND FOOD PRICES GO UP RAPIDLY....#RIDICULOUS.....
remote is ok, BUT if you cannot afford a 150 dollar headset and a fast PC, no laptop allowed, and expensive high speed internet. so if you were ok financially then you can AFFORD TO WORK REMOTELY.  the second digit for the rest of us.
After working for companies who toed the “we’re all family” line for over 30 years, and ultimately learning IT WAS BS, I said FTS and went into business with my *actual* family. This change has led to us being happier and more fulfilled. Good luck offering us anything that competes with the peace of mind and sense of accomplishment we have.
In 2022 its now common to see elderly people having to work regular jobs because their retirement/ savings can't keep up with the inflation.
They dont need vaccine mandates
I'm about to quit my job today . No cap
It's remote because of government mandates Wake up
Socialism Socialism Call it what it is
Because the labor market is very tight and they know they can find another job.
Because of the government and there foolish mandates they are doing this so allbecome dependant on the government Socialism Tell it like it really is The media does not tell all avenues for discussion
Because we have a bunch of lazy kids who don't want to work and have everything presented to them on a silver platter.   Says me who retired at 44 and has been goofing off for a long time!  But that's different because I'm special.
Mandatory jabs!!
Perhaps the European way of doing things is slowly making its way into the US? Europeans have great work ethics but also get about 5 weeks paid vacation a year, health care, a year of paid leave when having a baby, and unlimited sick days (when you are sick, you're sick). Also, nobody is expected to work 80 hrs/week for $10 an hour. Perhaps Americans have had enough of the "work til you die" mentality?
It’s happening in Law Enforcement also.
Or maybe it’s because the hardworking Mexicans aren’t allowed here anymore🤔
People are worth more !!!
The interviewees are all good looking and have perfect teeth!, actors maybe????
Americans are spoiled and don’t realize how they are slowly destroying their own country.  Hard work built the States.  It breaks my heart.  My 20 year old daughter works two full time jobs and full time college.
As far as construction goes I am a plumber of 4 years I can speak from what I see on my day to day job people wanna work but don’t have the proper training coming in with no experience the US should focus on more job training schools or programs for Americans
Not TRUE!!
Damn , it's America indeed. Give Africans those Jobs. We will work like dogs for peanuts no complaints.
Restaurants are available in the market for pennies on the dollar. For instance a sea food restaurant in CT with 2 million dollars in annual sales is being sold for 150k out of which 80k is inventory. Buy one and make it work.
And the short answer is!! Because the government takes $0.39 out of every dollar every American earns working
I can’t wait until kiosk take over most of the jobs especially in the restaurant Industry. No young bratty children that call in once a week no crappy managers to deal with who whine and cry. Kiosk are the future it’s definitely worth the investment!
"The Great Resignation" NO, how about THE GREAT RESET? For too long we have given our employers the deeds to our lives. We have sold ourselves short. As employees we bought into the idea, we were fortunate to have ANY position at whatever pittance we were offered. At some point, we were programed  to believe we were living to work, rather than working to live.
I kno NYC is kicking people out of a job due to not having a vaccine. So ask NYC why they don't have workers.
Don't settle
Illegal covid mandates and low wages
The REAL problem is sleeping in the White House, GOOD OLE SLEEPY CREEPY PEDOPHILE JOE
If the government will quit paying people to do nothing maybe people will start working again.  America is beyond lazy
Because Biden will pay you too stay home. Dah.
First of all you must have alot of money to quite a job and not work.  No one can live on 6 months of unemployment benefits.    These people must be finding better careers.    Time to give all these emigrants work Visa.  Restaurants. Retail and healthcare need need worker's.
I'll tell you why, well at least for us Australian's, our government sacked anyone who refuses the experiment. Then they complain there are no workers,,duh.
Are white people not allowed on 60 Minutes anymore?
3:45 that dude carrying the ladder OMG! This is why they're letting in all of the illegals.
This report doesn't apply to California lol
I worked many jobs when i was young, every job taught me different things but i seen many supervisors, managers etc. acting arrogant and superior all this led me to be self employed and love being my own boss.
Why work ? Democrats are in power and sleepy Joe will send u $ for free
"we doubled our revenue year after year" "Now it's just a matter of finding the individuals to do the work"  Funny how you don't hear him say that the salary doubled year after year?
The PROBLEM is a we have a SOCIALIST GOVERNMENT in a CAPITALIST COUNTRY. THIS IS WHY THIS IS NOT WORKING. THEY NEED TO STOP TAKING MONEY FROM US FOR LAZY PEOPLE AND GIVING MONEY TO OTHER COUNTRIES 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻. In pure Capitalism it is survival of the fittest and more money in your hands, those who choose to have things for free will die out as deserving as they are. STOP OUR SOCIALIST GOVERNMENT. AMERICA FIRST! 👏🏻
not in laredo still most 7.25 hour
Is time worth time? is Society at a number that doesn't really exist?
The “open” jobs are from terminations related to mandated vax. Spin all you want we will keep our liberty.
@60 minutes you should probably do a segment on the comment section of this video to cover the actual reason 🤣
The problem is the employers only one straight Republican Christian employees And that’s why they don’t have any employees because they can’t find the ones they want
All of the now hiring signs are lies. You cannot fill out 100 Of application and  you getting no jobs
did some Americans  leave their jobs because of vaccine mandates?
Not paying enough, working too hard for no movement up any ladder, absent management, abusive scheduling, high turnover
Ppl don't want to be suffocated all day in a mask or be forced to put something in their body via blackmail in order to keep a job they hate
How about the employers that are putting their staff in danger!  Let employees come to work while sick, no proof of vaccination and workers who are allowed to come to work sick.  The unvaccinated that are not required to take reccuring Covid testing.  I was sick with the flu for 3 weeks.  That keep me just as broke as having a job.  Finally I quit.  This day in age nothing is more important than my health!
this woman truly has no idea...a great deal of degrees  ...lots of knowledge but very little wisdom, or insight.. Much of what is happening IS people finding their OWN way to make money. OTHERS have an attitude of THEY are THE most important and are worth more. OTHERS ,like me, "retired" but I still work , just not as much as i did because I'm collecting MY Social Security. STILL OTHERS ,mostly women ,weighed the "cost" and decided to cut budgets and live  on ONE INCOME  Lot's of reasons INFLATION and deleted savings will change this  within 2 years.
26 years as a Transit driver and I'm ready to quit
I have daily health issues I'm very very sick and I would quit if I could live I don't know how they get by
maybe a giant asteroid is going to hit the earth, why keep working
This is so out of touch. Vacinne mandates cause the resignation of 25% of the upper workforce. This ushered openings in higher paying employers for those that would comply with mandates leaving lower wage employees the opportunity to fill these positions.
People tired of giving energy to these jobs and you cant survive off the pay...
Doubled profits but did you pay your workers a dime more?
60 minutes is "full of it"...People are advertising hiring, but I think it is more like "accepting applications" than it is "now hiring"...What. Americans DONT realize, is that under the "new," code for hiring "foreign nationals" IS: That the minimum wage DOES NOT APPLY...That- foreign nationals pay is "negotiable" Which means, they can hire them for $5- an hour vs the minimum wage! Dont take my word for it. Check it out...
I was a merchandiser for several years, when the pandemic happened, my employer reduced my hours to the point I couldn't pay my bills, so I went to a company paying triple what they were paying and gave me forty hours plus overtime every week. They show no loyalty but receive it abundantly by good workers like me.
Vaccine mandates.... N free money from Biden.   Why work of you keep getting $
AWESOME. LADY THATS ABOUT 2 GET A 4 TH JOB AT HOME...SHE DID THE RIGHT THING LEAVE HER JOB...
VIRUSES ARE STEADY GOING ON ITS NOT GETTING BETTER...
THEY  ARE BURNED OUT FROM WORK A LOT OF THEM...GROCERY STORES, CONSTRUCTION WORKERS,TRUCK DRIVERS,HEALTH CARE WORKERS, DOCTORS, NURSES,CNA'S,PATIENT SITTERS,A LOT OF WORKERS NOT ENOUGH PAY & THE FOOD, GAS & EVERYTHING IS GOING UP 2 HIGH...THEY MUST PAY BETTER...
Good Luck Folks!  As a Sales Manager for a manufacturing plant, I would work six days a week (always went to church on Sunday). The position required that we make the sales to feed the manufacturing plant, which required constant communication with customers, sales department, manufacturing managers, corporate office, etc. It was worth all the time and effort in as much as we spent quality time on our family vacations, (4 minimum a year) Holidays, Thanksgiving and CHRISTMAS! I was able to take early retirement because we invested and spent our money in a wise manner. We now enjoys Thanksgiving and Christmas at our Family Lodge in the Mountains, and weeks in the summer at our Beach House! You've got to start somewhere folks!  It's time to go because the Federal Government will NEVER take care of you!  Those in my generation will make sure that this country stays Socialist free!
Could it be because employers are demanding all workers be vaccinated? Just askin'.
@4:18 So people are moving to Austin and Miami because they are smaller cities and have more affordable housing.  South Carolina being more affordable doesn’t make the other states more affordable so that answer doesn’t exactly work.  Miami is kinda far from being a really affordable city to see a growth in population.  One thing that’s not being brought up is that these are more Republican states.  It’s probably because people are tired of lock downs among other restrictions and they simply want a more normal life!
We Americans should respect each other and a better quality of life for more citizens 🇺🇲👍☺️
❤️
They're not just quitting their job they're quitting America
We live in an era of people that can barely make on time to flip burgers. They have no education, no skills and lack work ethics, but want to get paid like PhD and hard workers.
Don’t look for dollars per hour only look for who’s gunna employ you and benefit you and your hard work!
Hire me
Yes it was like slavery again, no respect for the employees.
What do you need to say and call out Joe Biden for his lies he is trying to tell everyone all these help wanted signs are out because he is creating more jobs can you create more jobs by making them vacant by paying people to stay home?
The cost of living may be more than the jobs wage.
Tell the truth
Logically, I would think that because the government gave out so much financial aid/benefits over the past 2 years, this has essentially made a large percentage of low-wage workers (i.e. fast food, gas stations, janitors, retail, etc.) leave the work force and then not be in a rush to come back.  When they come back (that's "when" not "if, since most of those jobs don't require degrees and/or training certifications, hence why those individuals don't have the requisite things needed for higher-paying jobs, which is why they were in those jobs initially), I would think that would mean those workers would have much more leverage to demand higher wages, increased benefits, etc.  Most people would probably say "Woohoo!  Good for them!  Power to the people!", but if we know anything about capitalism, increased expense cost for a company pretty much always just gets passed onto the consumer in the form of price hikes.  And there you go, the inflation train just keeps on going.
People are tired of being treated like crap at their job and getting paid circus peanuts hopefully seeing this will make employers reflect on their own actions and start treating employees like actual humans and not hired slaves I’m gonna be honest I left my job of five years because I was tired of my boss screaming at me and sexually harassing me so I’m glad to not go back to work thank God. I really wish I would have spit in my bosses face when I had the chance to before they closed us down for Covid. Literally I sit on two college degrees three certifications and still get paid under what I’m supposed to get paid if I’m not forced to go back to work I’m not
Healthcare workers have returned to 3rd world countries to poverty rather than work in corporate american healthcare.
The problem is awful bosses/corporations
Maybe one of the reasons is they don’t want to be forced to breathe in their own Co2 for 8 plus hours when they aren’t in the medical field.
Masking
People are quitting jobs because they're not paying enough. I tried applying for 20 -25 dollar jobs and they never hire me but if I applied for a job paying 7.50 an hour they would call back quick... don't be fooled the good jobs are still hard to get.
It's because of lack of pay and respect for me. The company I work for having raised their pay and they have put more work load on their employees. I work in retail and the stores are truly under staff because of low pays
Employers want employees to work 50-60 hours a week or more if we are salary. Plus work weekends, holidays, ect. It’s not about chasing a paycheck for me. It’s about a work/life balance.
Forgot to mention mandates, a lot of people quit because of mandates, also a lot of employers cannot afford pay rises due to hyperinflation.
Answer: Baby Boomer Management...
Because they're lazy and want working americans to support them through the government.
A lot of individuals are not going back to work because they apparently are following the footsteps of a certain bunch of people. These individuals have not actually had a job for probably 3 to 5 years. The have been living off the Government and hav figured out how to milk the Government and stealing from the actual taxpayers. I have personally talked to a group of people that have had there first child around the age of16 to 17 years old. There are some that aren’t even 19 years old and already have 3 to 4 kids. I have had to have Back surgery do to being hit at work by a forklift operator. I take a friend’s little boy to our pool. There has been 4 to 6 individuals that come to the pool like every other day. They have talked about how they can take there kids father to court to see how they can get more money from the father. They talked to each other on how they have talked to one of there best friends that is having there 5th child and has been living off the government now for 7 years. She goes on to say that she was told how she can get more free things from the government. How she can get help with someone watching her children during the day . They have even said how they can receive more money so they can go out and party on Friday and Saturday. How they think there kids fathers should have to give more money so they are able to get there Hair done or to get another tattoo or to have there Nails done. So people can talk to other groups of people and they find out what this individual is doing to receive this free or that free. One person said she will never get a job because of the wages are so low. She said she is able to receive mor from the Government and if she was to have a job she couldn’t afford to buy some things. Now days it seems that peoples priorities have changed and they realize that if person ( A ) can do this or that and things are practically handed to them they have to try it.
Quality of Life !? People!
What are they offering as pay in Greenville?
Bad pay, bad attitudes, bad reporting.
Just 10 years ago I used to support my entire family on just my income of $10 an hour. I worked hard to get a degree and move up the chain. I more than doubled my income. but now I can't even get approved for a decent apartment because I don't make 3x the rent. I would need to make 6k a month. I was also trying to buy a house. I saved up money and was approved for a 200k loan. Then the market shot up right before me eyes. Now the same houses are over 400k. Once I get close, they move the goal post. Something's got to give.
8% in healthcare? Could it be because they FIRED them!!?? Lol
Why are you asking rhetorical questions?
pay us what you owe!!!
No promise for promotions, racism within the company and not being able to advance because of it, only whites in HR and top management positions. Qualifications are to high instead of on the job training and hands on experience. Cost of living to high, I want to work for my family and enjoy them so we need flexibility! If companies are so eager to higher why don’t they reach out to find workers?
...employers (still) want it all their own way
Doesn’t help handing money out like it’s going out of style or that you require people to have a vaccine even though it doesn’t prevent you from spreading the virus just to go into work. It doesn’t help that thousands and thousands of healthcare workers across the nation received a smack in the face when told they would lose their jobs or take the VAX. After all the BS and having To work and unsafe work conditions due to lack of supplies, the influx in patients, and the already shortage of nurses and now they’re requiring them to get something that’s totally experimental up until now and want to entrap millions of Americans into taking this crap. Everyone is tired of it, they’re tired of the government overreach by none elected bureaucrats thumbing in their nose and every aspect of our lives. Not to mention the fact everyone trading safety for freedom. When are the people gonna learn? We keep repeating the same mistakes over and over you have people in office calling for Socialism and communism when it’s been proven time and time again to be a failure so why not come up with a new system? If were so adamant about changing Americas values and the way we do things, why do we have to resort back to old tactics that end up enslaving the rest of the population when only very few become prosperous? Why do people except this crap? America’s the freest country in the world but yet so many people in this country want us to be under an authoritarian Socialist/communistic rule Waiting for our monthly rations n govt cheese.
They are quitting their jobs because Biden / Harris aka spawns of satan are giving enough unemployment benefits to stay home
Lol. Hospitality. Travel is a problem. Money to vacation. A problem. Restaurants. A problem.   People don’t have money to do these things.   And women are staying home with children who can’t go to school.   Don’t listen to the lies of the media or government. Ask the people quitting for the TRUE answer.   And housing isn’t affordable.
It’s a matter of workload and how management treats and SUPPORTS their employees. If you revert to saying  “you should be lucky to have a job.” Or “You should be appreciative for the job you have”, then you are the problem. That’s the attitude that has failed us as life has become more complex by this endemic and more expensive for the middle class workforce.  It is sacrificing family and quality of life as a whole.
A probably much needed revolutionary phase for Americans
I worked at a company in NYC, where I worked as a freelance designers with 40 hours a week for three years. They never ONCE hired me full time, gave me benefits, or vacation or sick time, even when they knew I had small children. Then one of my old co-workers returned to the job, he worked a three day work week had full benefits and got paid $10 dollars an hour more than me. I felt so unappreciated! Heart breaking!
It would have been EXTREMELY interesting to see how this would have played out if no stimulus checks or moratoriums were given.
Companies are still stuck in paying decades old wages. People are moving to companies who are keeping up with the times.
That's the reality. No office can provide the atmosphere I want
Are YOU sure some of the moving is not because of warmer weather, as in Miami and Austin and away from cooler climates, as Chicago? At least part of it is, "Let´s get a job someplace warmer" as they get older. There is seldom one reason or one solution for anything,
It took a while but I think the border wall is finally doing it's job and keeping willingly and eager to work people out. We're just now starting to feel the effects 😉    I'm joking BTW
There doing exactly what need to be done.  Telling Corp America and the politicians to go fu** themselves.  You can’t provide Medicare for all fu** your, you can’t pay a living wage, fu.  You don’t want to attack woman’s reproductive rights FU!  Our Supreme Court is a pathetic treasonous group of oligarchs making bribery and treason legal.  I am investing in tar and feathers!
It's true about hotel and restaurants. I'm a manager in a catering business and we have have had some staffing problems and getting people hired to work. Admittedly, working in such an industry is very demanding work, especially during the holiday season.
Who wants to do back breaking life risking construction work while this boss is doubling his revenue, not doubling wages, and blaming it on other people. !
No employees??
The quality of employees are hardest to find.
Could it be the disgusting unconstitutional mandates???
High standards for hiring and keeping workers is a big problem. There’s people out there that don’t have near the education for some of these jobs and are better workers but at the same time no one wants to be underpaid, undervalued and unappreciated for the hard work they do while the head reaps all the benefits
Because the jobs that are out there treat you like slaves and don’t pay you what you deserve.
I would agree that maybe the companies should pay more. That said, people trying to make a living at some food or retail place is crazy. They are starting points while an education is received. But when people are too lazy to get an education and want to depend on the  government, they get what they deserve. I think that when rent, power or groceries cant be paid for they will get back to work and that they will ensure the next generation will be better prepared.
“Burnt out” is the correct terminology
A good employer would have begged her to stay, and worked with her on her home life
They’re not giving extra money in unemployment now
How many of those jobless are that way bc of mandates???? Be it vaccine or masks?? Ever think about that 60 minutes? Oh that would mean it’s the governments overreach putting people out of work. Doesn’t take a lot of brain cells to see what’s going on here.....
Because employers have awful management (wrong people in the wrong positions.) They're greedy, they offer minuscule health benefits that are expensive and the hours are way too gotdamn long for the money you make
I'm 48 and unemployed. I have been so since the about 5 months before the pandemic hit. Jobs don't offer livable wages. If you stop working for a week you quickly realize how working hasn't helped you unless you can make more. You can't. I Uber as I can control my hours and pay which is more than any job interested in me would offer. This is why people are quitting. No incentive. Poverty is poverty. The ones working for it are the saddest ones of all.
I can speak and English and Spanish, and never been offered an manager position, nor get a raise even if I ask for it.
I don't see any of those benefits. For one, not every legitimate career operates the same way. An illustrator, for example will always be a legitimate career, but there will never be any benefits to go along with it.  That means they'll have to have their actual career, their government 'sanctioned' career, and now their 'side hustle', one of the most offensive turn of events this country's ever taken. God forbid that person also has a wife or a family. To expect that we all take a 'side hustle' to survive because the system is out of whack, is OFFENSIVE.  I'll tell you why it's happening real quick. People aren't being paid enough, we're having to spend all of our lives away from our families and our passions just to make the gears on this machine of war keep going, that's it. People know, if they didn't before, because the Pandemic showed them the value of their time. If Americans are going to go back to work, they're going to need to feel appreciated for their time with things like guaranteed health care and a liveable wage that matches the price of goods. If that whole thing isn't dialed in, then BYE. The free market doesn't regulate itself, that's a myth, it just creates dysfunction in a system that isn't controlled because it's guided by greed and we suffer the consequences, not the 1%, not the war mongers or elected officials, we do. Jack, Jill, Jose, Tyrone, Richard, EVERYBODY. I wonder if we'll ever get passed what I suspect is the real issue, that Americans have been indoctrinated to LOVE their suffering, and will never vote in their best interest because it's 1) obscured 2) made to seem like a hand out
Nothing but cry babies, learn how to read before you sign when your getting the job. And of course ppl taking advantage of the government daddy giving y’all money....so why work be picky...but when daddy government stops giving y’all money all y’all cry babies will have no choice work or be homeless.
60 minutes....the big dupe
I think the pandemic knocked people off the hamster wheel. People got to see they could survive, also what was important. It’s hard to put people back in the matrix once freed. The best thing jobs can do is allow remote work. Period.
Bull crap! It’s unemployment now these news outlets (owned by the powers to be)  are trying to shift the blame off the government giving thousands of dollars a month to stay home!!!!
Lazy people
Because they are saying no vaxx no job
Wages haven't risen, economic inequality is at its peak. We are over it bruh. I didn't get nearly two degrees just to work 50 hours a week for $36k per year when my bosses make $160k+. Nah.
I've been looking for a job for 11 months. A job that won't suck my soul from my body. It isn't going well.
People tired of being exposed to possibly catch Covid!!!! I know that’s why everyone I know quit!!! People still think they could die!!! Vaccinated or not!!!! I’m telling you!!!
Quit your jobs????? I don't think you can quit paying rent, paying for food, paying for insurance, paying for everyday expenses.  This story is ridiculous.  GET TO WORK, AND IF YOU Don't LIKE YOUR CURRENT JOB, THEN FIND SOMETHING ELSE, BUT KEEP WORKING!!!!!!
Was about the time,  because we had awful times at work in the last 10 years!
everyone live only one be you take care your self .love your self dont  let someone fool you
Any person in the customer service, hospitality, nursing, etc. industry is a thankless job as Covid brought out the worst in people.  Welcome to the ME generation all about themselves and no one cares or has respect for anyone else.
Shallow Americans staring out their skull dumbfounded, unable to even grasp what's happening: when you replace even that little culture your country has with marketing, you get an absurd hype driven economy where price gets more and more detached from value. In the end you get a society spiralling downwards loaded with culture-less and immoral hypeoid people who just keep trying to scam each other to death. Entitled employees wanting star wages for sitting around or doing jobs that could be automated with 2 clicks, even more entitled bosses, high level executives and CEOs extorting astronomical fees even if they run the company to the ground, and millions trying to compensate for all this with tulip-mania level speculation online.
They quit beacuse they see lie in what they are made to look up to and worst what they choose was discovered still in one piece and didnt have any resolve inspight of their prayers and skills of affection... PEOPLE NOT ONLY AMERICA REQUIRES AND URGE JUSTICE IN ANY MEANS NECESSARY ☺️
everyones black now too, yeah idk its wild
Your asking Why you need to pay more and give people more benefits ! Work to hard for pennies !
Employers are offering higher wages  but they too are offering medical policies with higher deductibles  Ugh
U.S. employers offer the worse medical insurance policies!!!
Maybe because we're being mandated to death by a demented election stealing potato.
Let 14 year Olds work! They can take on waitresses and learn how to be an adult instead of vaping with pink hair .
Why go to work if you can be paid to sit at home?
let us outsource our jobs to people with work visas.
I quit my jobs because they tried to pay me minimum wage and made me work too hard. If 2 people called in sick I had to do their work load. Large Corps are greedy just like the Kardashians.
all of interviewees, you have no idea.  your thoughts will cause a storm of unhappiness for so many.  you need citizens in the country you live in to take pride in hard labor.  Of course, unless you want your country to fail. United States is producing weak skin citizens. Physically and mentally week. In life, to find happiness is done easy by the ones who don't get upset about things.  how that is best achieved is by not complaining.
TAXES!!!!!!!!! Vote republican if you want some money!!!!
Simple pay employees better money for example McDonald's instead of charging $7.99 for a burger they'll charge $9.99 for a house in California at $750k it'll go for $825k at the and we are the ones paying.
U.s minimum around $1500 ,monthly wtf is that  child care 1000 rent 1400
Wages and cost of living way off
I keep getting turned down for jobs I know I can do.
It's not about flexibility it's about getting paid fair for how hard you work. The American people work to hard for to little. There was a time when one person can go to work for 2 days out of the week and make enough money to support a family and put money away. The corporation government of America is to blame.
new world order.. well its been in the pipeline for a long time. we all fools
Maybe many women discovered that they loved being at home with their children rather than taking them to daycare and going to work.    Why is it so hard to believe that children are a delight and taking care of a household a joy?  🤔
Been in construction since I was 19. I'm 27 now currently truck driving, and I'm in school for IT to eventually work remotely. I'd love the flexibility to go anywhere in the country or world and still be able to perform my job without reporting to a location.
The quality of services plummeted due to the pandemic folks. It feels like it’s gipsy Spain and not the US anymore.
Because the pandemic made this yet decent country suddenly become the United States of Spain or Mexico or Communist Siesta
They get hired.  Show vax card.  Biz gets 1500 then fire that person and repeat
We are tired, sad and physically and mentally exhausted. But worst of all, it's  the abusive, dangerous, threatening and disrespectful treatment we have to endure.  I came in on to a third 12 hour shift working staffed to help you. . What is going on? Why is this acceptable?
Now what we need is the Unions to get out there and organize like never before.
Let's not talk about high crimes in liberal cities,  they are leaving San Francisco, one of the worst cities to live in. Let's look at Chicago,  don't wanna get shot and killed, where do they go , Texas and Florida.  Why? Low cost of living low crime and plenty of jobs.
The whole "the stimulus checks/unemployment benefits has made people lazy" speech is so gross. That's another great "when the poor lose money its their fault, but when the rich lose money it's poor peoples fault" argument.
It’s not because people ar looking for their dream job. Most people can’t afford to pay their bills with the money they make. So what’s the point in working if you can afford your bills any way. Quit your job and get on housing, food stamps, and cash assistance. Oh and don’t forget unemployment. Our economy is so upside down right now. It unreal!
Maybe they should pay a living wage
Part 2 of this, how about interview the people that quit
Benefits only paid for a few weeks.  Many people are treated like slaves at work and do not have good insurance and retirement.
They are not quitting.. they're being told to take a vaccine and they don't want to
Maids make at least $25 an hour.  Yard men charge $80+ per yard.  I would think most do not pay income taxes.  Manicurists, hair dressers, dog walkers, etc.   I have a master's but make $12 an hour, very part time, and no insurance.
How about wages not meeting up with the cost of living. Greedy as companies. I call it the great protest.
Why it's call government giving out free money!  Too bad too sad if these companies mad they need to go after the government simple
"Go clean the storage room NOW...and if you don't do it I'm going to write you up!!!!"  That's why I quit!!!! The bosses don't know how to talk to the employees!
I have always said anyone who work 40 hours should be paid a decent salary able to pay all their bills and money to save their employers do its inhumane you make money for them but they dont care  they take all theo take all the money while you work like an animal
People were left hanging during the pandemic especially in food services. Some families don’t want the vax. Some people are still homeschooling. People were forced to figure out a new normal now its hurting businesses.
Get back to work and get vaccinated
Nobody wants to work. People are lazy.
All 4 of my younger adult children have difficulty paying the normal monthly bills Americans face. They are all college graduates and employed yet the cost of living has been the problem.
People are moving out of blue states and into red states. Look at the numbers of employment in red states like fla and Texas
Companies need to provide housing for their employees.  There, I said it.
So my Boss can make a choice ..money over employee safety??? He was willing to risk my safety over $4000!!!  It is lack of employee support, respect, pay ... call it what it really is!!!
Please interview Jordan Peterson!
Im poor even with a job.
60 minutes wake up PEOPLE REALLY ARE working ON  internet NOW DAY'S NOT ANY readying JOB'S
I work through out the pandemic and I feel very unappreciated under paid over worked now that the holidays are over hours are cut to 6 hours a week
This generation are gonna be famous for their lack of initiative and ambition to do something worth with their lives… thx government for giving away our money to those that abuse the system
Laziness… plain and simple… rest my case
Only in America where the one that work pay for those who don’t… the rest of the world still work harder than ever
#TentLyfe
Seems like the “free market” working as intended. Increase in pay is undervalued as inflation increases. People are just saying no to being under a boss and underpaid when technology allows you to be your own boss and  still make a living. That is the case for me at least.
oddly they dont hire either.
And boring forth automated work force
A lot of the young women quitting are doing OnlyFns, seeking arrangements, sex work, and sugar babying.
Let me add to my comment below  Rangeley area maine  I was welding, my boss said my welds (7018stick and  gas/flux cored mig) are esthetically pleasing and structurally functional  Here’s 17$ a hour  Ok, I quit  Simple choice
You won’t discuss that our money is useless .  You need to earn at least 25$ a hour to live .  I can only imagine young parents, paying car insurance rent or mortgage. While trying to afford food, and put something away (most can’t put anything away)  The system is rigged ! It’s a big club and you ain’t in it !!! George Carlin
I think the CEO’s are going to have to take a salary cut just to even the playing field for the common man.  Farewell Wolf of Wall Street.
I wonder if this would have happened if people didn’t get Gov. checks? Work ethic is gone in America, entitlement is in.
We found homes were inflated and still we didn't  drop the prices. Nope people found money can be made even if they cheap people.
Women are leaving to take care of their kids in a unsure world and many want less.
If you are a competent person, this is the time to get ahead. Employers used to care about degrees and experience. Now they need competence.
They aren't this is propagand made by the wealthy to divide this country further corporations thr military the intelligence agencies have found their biggest threat it's you and me...we are at war which side are you on son.
Propaganda lies !
Some have senseless reasons why they are quiting their jobs its because they know the government will pay them during this pandemic
I like how none of these companies like to consider even for a second that maybe they are the problem
Greenville is not a work paradise.  SC is a right-to-work state where unions are harshly discouraged, unemployment is usually denied when one needs to apply for it, and racism is just beneath the saran-wrap thin veneer of modernity.  Best skip it and go to a more worker-friendly state.
"generous government stimulus"? If you think the stimulus given to people was generous, in a pandemic, you are more than a little out of touch. People dont want to be treated like slaves anymore.
People have realized life is not worth working for when you die eventually anyway. Why make others rich so we can struggle to try and maybe live a good life if we dont make any mistake along the way.
People are tired of working for scraps making a few billionaires.
What she meant to say not to have more affordable houses we leave to find FREEDOM and money can do that so the cheaper a place the easier it is to CHASE THE AMERICAN DREAM 🇺🇸 🇺🇲 🎆
Just pay more and the workers will come or make the job easier by giving them less work
This is American Lying Flat system!
Low pay and vaccine mandates
They lockdown. Our hours get cut. Things get slow. People leave. Companies require vaccination. Not everyone wants to get vaccinated. People with alternative lifestyles (lgbtq) and alternative political views are being discriminated against in the workplace. It's not rocket science. It's social and economic engineering.
stop lieing saying people are quitting. your covid rules made them lose their jobs and made buisinesses go bankrupt and the ones still in buisiness is not hiring.
Some say they need help but then they act like they are doing YOU a favor by giving someone a job who wants to help. Not wanting to make a million just something to do to help out since I am retired
UNEMPLOYMENT payments is better than weekly paycheck.
Burnt out
wearing a mask that poisons you is also a real problem
Unfortunately, I work in the hospital. Thus for I am in an environment that requires my service in person lol unless I work in a different department which lets you work from home .
Americans and people in general have started believing in  Themselves and taking there life back.  Covid19 has created more entrepreneurs than any other time in history
"We're hiring! .... must be vaxxed".  "Apply today .. work today! ... must be vaxxed"   "Join our team today!   Just fill out an application and show your vaxx card.
So, with that being said, don't be mad when the machines fill jobs.
We found Crypto🤣🤣🤣
Government giving money… stop giving money to people. They will go back to work
because there are plenty of other jobs out there like I've never seen in my lifetime
I don’t know what she’s talking about. She said better pay. Now that’s a lie. The places I’ve been to are still paying early 90’s pay rates. Add in the “Jabs for Jobs” mandate. So it’s easy to see why
People keep saying "no one wants to work anymore" like people just are so lazy and bad. But, its not about us. Its about employers making a fortune while working employees 50-70 hours a week for barely over poverty wages and acting like they are some heros for throwing 25-50 cents a year at people. This has been building for years. people are tired of working their lives away while Mr bossman lays on his boat while we working 50 hours a week 6 days a week forever.
Leave bc it's too threatening to work those public jobs with less pay.
I am finally beginning to understand this. Being a teacher, I was underpaid my whole career. Now, I am getting an extra 25 a day during the COVID stage 5. At the beginning of the pandemic- yep, I was helping out- 85 dollars a day- base pay for subbing now 170 base pay. I think that eyes are being opened- start paying people what they are worth and respect them!
Pennies on the dollar, That’s why!
60 minutes zero cred anyome  I trust tik tok more
B I D E N F L A T I O N
Apply for the post office. You'll make a comfortable living!
I do not believe a single word of anything 60 minutes says,  lie about one story, you lie about them all
A big reason was beause of the stimulus checks and childs credit checks
Our rhythm in the pre-pandemic times were always a rush and in a robot-form we were constantly beating time.  Now, with pandemic situation, we have realized our own values and even taken time to enhance our knowledge, creativity and other traits because pandemic gave us a forced time to pause.  We have enjoyed family a little more.  So life perspectives also changed.  It is amazing how I am witnessing a social change along with the benefits of technology now offered to communicate worldwide.
people are moving from democrat states because of democrat policies not because of jobs.
To not even mention the vaxx mandates by companies as a large reason for huge increase people quitting their jobs at the same time is disingenuous and a misleading farce in journalism.
Have you seen how customers treat these employees? It’s horrible. For 10.00 an hour, nothing is worth these type of treatments by managers and customers!
A win win situation! Finally, employees took back their lives! For decades employees have been unappreciated, underpaid, overworked, and overlooked for promotions. It took a pandemic to create opportunities and flexibility, these two options created flexibility and an  ideal work environment, as well as a great match  which resulted in the ideal work environment for employees! Hopefully, with more work incentives, our economy bounces back!
YEA NO CUZ THOSE BENEFITS R A JOKE
1. Pay sucks 2. No respect from the companies 3. Mandates. There’s 72k NYC Doctors n Nurses who were FIRED.. they didn’t quit.. maybe the felt disrespected.. u think.
People have just gotten tired of, working very hard for nothing. Making the owner's richer and don't even make enough; to take care of themselves and their families. Not to mention no insurance; or either it's crappy. People have finally realized, that business owners need you in order to run their businesses. Pay people like you, would want to be paid.
Here's the issue. Most of the jobs that use to be paid decent have been handed to staffing agencies. Then they can get cheap labor at over half the cost of a real life salary. Then they wonder why they get crap employees and nobody wants to work there. Americans are fed up. More Americans are trying to get into school due to this issue. Also some of these jobs want years of experience for entry level positions. It's absurd. Ppl are tired
bad policies , bad management and bad lifestyle . i see no reason why they shouldn't leave.
I think pay is not the major issue, workers want loyalty, kindness, and flexibility when it's needed.
Lots of anti-vaxxers are quitting because of vaccine mandates also. I personally know someone who went to nursing school and became an RN just a few years ago and she just walked away from her career because she was required to vaccinate. The lower end jobs also simply need to pay more or it just isn't worth peoples personal time.
my parents by the time I was 20 had 3 houses fully paid off, and a large farm out in the county to go to. my mother was a bus driver for the school, and my dad was a used car salesman.  I'm 34 now and work 2 jobs at 75 hours a week, a state job, and security. my wife works in management in retail. still got a 100k mortgage, and I'm eating potted meat, and crackers 5 days a week to keep costs down.  my wife is paid 14.48 an hour for being middle manager,  and my jobs pay 10.00 an hour, and 8.00 an hour.  5 days a week I sleep in the parking lot for 6 hours. between jobs.  my parents never struggled as much as my wife and I have. not mad at them as they deserve everything they worked for, but they had a better opportunity when it came to the buying power of money.
Hows Bidens America working for everyone 🤔!!!!  Don't blame me,  I VOTED FOR TRUMP!
Nobody seems to mention the huge rise in homeless people that can't afford a home ,a car ,insurance on a car ...that the price of homes are rising so much that it's putting people in the streets ...and this is coming from Greenville SC !!!!
We will not be forced into taking a vaccine that no one knows what the long-term affects are because it hasn't been around long enough to know.
And it's going to get worse, statistically every 10 years the shortages of workers will grow. Last 50 years the country neglected families and family lives. Since the baby boomers been a decline generation from generation in birth rate. Now there's multiple stressors on the birth rate. Social pressures from family members, social pressures from workplace, abortion, LGBTQ, government  taxation and or lack of support, most families these days are developing without Father figure. Had a co worker surprised my wife had 3 children and they were all from the both of us.  Instability in the economy is another factor. Housing collapse in 08, close collapse in 2015, some say another market collapse is on the verge. Covid 19, since covid 1.15 million Americans will never exist because drop in birthrate. More instability. More government pressure from covid regulation making of children injection of children. More instability. Now a looming war with Russia more instability.  These are all the reasons good ones too on not to have kids. Department of health has already issued warnings in the birthrate since 2016.  Additionally people without families don't have to put up with bad employers since all they have too is support themselves.
because the govt is trying to control our lives. how about because the govt was paying those who want to be lazy more money then those that are still working. stop trying to make it about the employees...it the govts fault
One could argue Bidens unconstitutional attempt at forcing vaccines through OSHA. The company I work for sent out a survey to all employees shortly after this was announced. It had a few questions with multiple choice answers. One of the questions was, "If this passes will you leave (X company) to find employment elsewhere?" After about 2 weeks the company posted the results. 89% of the overall work force said yes, they would leave. There are a lot of us that are very skilled and can contract the work out (work for ourselves) and not be subjected to such nonsense. Now, I just wonder how other companies in the immediate area panned out if they gave the same survey.
When you think about it it’s crazy you have to ask permission to take a extra day off when it’s YOUR TIME!  We need to shift the mentality of taking time off work. Also clearly when your not feeling well you should stay home, instead of having to show up or get written up. Work places & the mentality of “dedication” are what spread this “flu”. They are to blame
Letting people work from home, letting them work flexible hours so single parents don’t have to pay for daycare, stop the insane application process (applying for a job takes half an hour on some website… it’s stupid and if you apply for several jobs a day that’s hours of filing crap out) let them apply and bring in a resume. Streamline the application process.   I don’t know ANY PLACE that pays min wage. Most retail/restaurants start at 9-10$ so the money wage argument is bs too  If workers want more money, then goods and services will have price increases to pay that… they won’t just pay $15 an hour and lose money on overhead
On the flip side of the coin, now employers can be even more picky about who they hire and what they pay them. With the employee market, for those that want to work anyway, being as vast as it is they'll pick and choose from the pool the one with the most amount of experience for the lowest pay. Most employers "advertise" a high wage, but never have intention of actually making that kind of offer.
If they want to bring people back into the office building they need to offer good incentives for choosing to not work at home.
After 2 shots and still catching these different viruses I'm not going back to work for a while...And notice the types of jobs hospitality jobs...no one wants to keep catching these viruses when the shots don't work
It a good time to be an ilegal immigrant.
Excellent important story  The next big story is the comeuppance ot inflated value of companies. So many major companies don't have customer service, no one is answering the phones and competence doesn't exist. Spending advertising dollars to market companies who have no real infrastructure and no real value to the public  So many companies are willing to get sued, drag things out in court and gamble with people's lives worse case scenario for the company is a small fine, slap on the wrist while they hire new gig workers who will do below minimum work. The fall of the New Rome is inevitable.
I believe it also has to do with refusing to capitulate on their religious beliefs and personal freedoms in regard to the vaccine & mask mandates.
It's a pay shortage not  labour shortage. Places that pay a decent living wage are not short of applicants.
Hiring? The only place I think hires non stop is Amazon cause a lot of employers are receiving resumes but not hiring. They want everything on your resume and want to pay you for one thing while you’re doing 6 other things that isn’t required of the job.
Would it be because lots of Hispanic were sent back to Mexico too?
The vast majority of  people are worthless .
I’m glad this is happening. Organizations need to change their ways and realize that workers keep them moving. Remote working is the future and it’s here to STAY!
The real issue is a Toxic Management/ corporate true American Blues. Hiring people with no real skills. What's the problem Princess? It's just you...
Americas Pluto return is going to turn off this country upside down
In a democracy, narcissism isn't dealt with. Lack of respect from entitled people. People are taught to walk away. Laws protect narcissists cuz people can't punch them in the nose.
America Eats It's Young. New Jerusalem = New Zealand!!!
There is a retirement surge, everything  is over priced, inflation, no employer loyalty and taxes stripping away the payrolls.
People are moving to Republican states!
Looks like covid is serving the managerial class very well. The working class however is tired of wearing masks and covid jab mandates. Take this job and shove it is exactly right. People are moving away from covid mandates.
Better pay?? Bahahaha
The American worker has been getting the short end of the stick for far too long. We don't have a worker shortage but rather a decent employer shortage. The Pandemic made people realize they could do something different and still survive. Being treated like a worthless commodity that's easily traded has done massive damage to countless families for 40 plus years. Especially when we've put in the effort and went into debt going to College. So many of us were led to believe that if we made the investment in education that companies would make an investment in us. We were lied to and cheated. It's absolutely unacceptable for any company to not pay it's employee's a living wage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj7ZHrYL28M Every employee would want to work for a CEO like Haruka Nishimatsu.
More jobs for immigrants then, innit?
Because why not? Most jobs don't even pay enough to be able to afford to live. I lost my job due to the mandate and my wife is the sole provider now and she makes under the poverty level so now we get government subsidies that pay us more than when we had 2 jobs. We will probably only both work part time from here on out as we can only make a certain amount of money to keep the benefits.
You guys gotta be seriously stupid to not interview any workers and only business owners
TL:DR what's the point of getting a job if living off on wellfare is better(as in, pays better).
do the math  people use to have larger families now less children more not having children x amount in the service which we need but not all can join the work force. late 30s into 40s went into tech jobs then you have all the school shootings and other  killings. Every time someone is killed it's  one less person in the work force. the stress of the job and the how management is towards employees.
Our government is collapsing
People's paradigm changed. The governments never predicted that!
YOU don’t have “ openings “ !!!! LIARS!!!!!! YOU have positions mandating LONG HOURS of HARD WORK on MINIMUM WAGE/ WITHOUT BENEFITS and AWFUL WORKING CONDITIONS
Fake news
I worked hard to get a Bachelor Degree because “that’s what the job market required” just to end up in HUGE amount of STUDENT LOANS and NO job
WE are ENSLAVED by a CORRUPT political system
Wow!  During this interview, neither of them are wearing a mask.
They should have a part 2 of this interview, and actually interview people who have resigned
We live in a country  that  punishes working poor and middle class. Many states have minimum  wages from the 60s and 70s. While the number of wealthy and high income  get richer. Yet those at the bottom  live check to check. Why work when they can't  get help from the government  and  stay home. And actually  live better. Since the Regan Era the country  has had a top down attitude.  And that pot was doomed to finally  boil over.
Wages have stagnated for years while the cost of living just keeps on going up and up.    To compound matters, companies try to extract as much work from people as they can while paying them the bare minimum in wages and benefits that they can get away with.    Then you have all the disrespect and rotten managers and bosses everywhere.    People are tired of grinding their lives away for pennies and being treated like crap for the privilege.
Where are the quiters getting money from to live on
People also need to realize if this trend for freedom and choice continues and they leave a void invariably some new non human tech will replace them with better productivity, and then even if they want to get back no employer will be willing to, US has been built on productivity and to remain a leader needs the same..learn and improve skills and productivity…the welfare doles wont work for long…
The mandate
Poor management, low wages, cost of living going up, time for changes like tiny home on some land just living smarter and be happier
People who  deepthroat the 60 minute bs are total sheep
Try vax mandates you fn morons ...60 minutes is repackaged fake news.
It's the jab... duh
Pay me $25 an hour and Ill work any job you give me. I just graduated, have no availabilities in my field or see entry level positions with 5 years of necessary experience. Its not a worker problem. Its a wage and respect problem
You thought you didn’t need us, turns out you did!   Care for a big slice of this humble pie?   Signed,  The American working class
Many employees got fired due to VACCINE Mandates which the media choosed to overlook and say workers quit, Really !
I’m one of these people quitting. I live in Michigan and there’s a bunch of factories around. My reason for leaving my job is management talking down on you and having to work with a bunch of drug addicts and alcoholics. You get made fun of for having a smile on your face and being positive
Where are all the "Strong&Independent" feminist?! Send them to work.
Everyone on earth should quit at the same time
This problem is quite easy to understand. First our government has made it extremely easy for people to literally live on the street homeless. It is too easy for everyone to take shelter where ever they'd like including the side of a freeway. Secondly, people are being rewarded and paid to do nothing. With a tent and money one could literally just get high and have little to no worries. Therefore the job market takes a hit. Jobs are there and people have it to easy to want to work. This has nothing to do with wages being too low. My brother and his girlfriend both work jobs in California that are a little more than minimum wage. They both have cars and a place to live.
Why were employers the only people interviewed? This is terribly biased reporting.
Liberals are the plague of this country
And racist people will make you quit also.
Start interviewing people in person besides their online info.
20 million people!!! That's a very big number.
Nobody wants to be forced to get an experimental jab in order to work. They never talk about that.
And another reason that they didn't mention was that they won't hire people willing to work with bad backgrounds on their record. People that don't have be the criminals steal from the job. Although jobs hire and fire all the time anyway, employers are picky.
People figured out what matters. And it ain't slaving day in and day out.
All the money the companies making and they have them working too many hours that's not worth it when u see your paycheck.
I'm tired of breaking my back to stick STRUGGLE with everything..I'm sick of it. Celebrities make me so jealous they can live a life without having to lift a finger but everyone has to work until they die just to put food in their mouths !!!
I feel more stress when I have a low hour work week. The bills back up.
there is no office that can offer me, what I have in my house, Bang Bang winner winner chicken dinner
Phucka JOBBBB!!!!
Working at home has been the best
Look at the census data. Since 2016 legal immigration has dramatically dropped. These are the people that historically have back stopped the labor markets working the jobs Americans don't want.
You go work flipping burgers. I ain’t
"There is no office that could offer me what I have in my house".  I have been saying this for the last 22 months.
Typical media lies, as always.  You know why people are quitting their jobs.
Good for American People making choices that serve them! I hope that one day I may be able to build a company that puts my employees lifestyles first. Too many companies ignore this as other stakeholders have put them (us) behind the factor of existence in the first place. Without People, we are nothing.
Because they chose that instead of getting vaccinated.
Very nicely done glossed right over the glaring fact that people don't want to put an experimental drug in their body so they quit. Indicative of the main stream narrative.
Have you taught of quitting your job without an extra stream of good income? That's why it's most advisable to start up a long term investment. I can quit my job anytime anyday because I make good income from my investments Which practically pays me more than my job
one big thing for restaurants is the use of "on call" shift schedules  created by programs like kronos to minimize labor cost..... but that shuts you out of making any plans on your supposed days off. No respect for workers
Oh lady, your mind is a trap and your never gonna see truth.
Its because we are paid starvation wages
People realized that 10 12$ hour getting extorted by greedy business owners, are going broke while only  making their employers realize there dreams.
You can not work anywhere  in Southern  New Jersey  without the  double  solution.  Therefore  there  is a huge labor shortage.  McDonalds  even requires  it.
Let's go to job creators instead of job seekers for answers. Yeah, trash reporting. Edit: the places where people are moving aren't cheaper. Austin has one of the highest costs of living in the whole of the US.
People are quitting their jobs because our Planet is shifting into a new dimension, whihc means new energies and more potential to live life the way we are supposed to.
WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP!! The government started paying people expenses.  No reason to work if the government is preventing landlords from evicting deadbeats, and preventing banks from foreclosing.  Many of the "open jobs" are due to people being terminated for not getting the vax. Which get counted as "quitting".   The new generation is LAZY and the Government is subsidizing their laziness. Thats the bottom line.   Its easy to see the lady being interviewed is a marxist.   If you dont want to work, dont worry, Joe Biden is sending us millions of illegal aliens to take your place 🤷‍♂️ And they work for less.
60 minutes really licking company boots on this one. Shouldn't be surprised I guess.
I always said it and always will: Covid 19 is a miracle, not the enemy. Covid 19 will change the world and human race for the better. It will make people happier in the future. People are finally waking up.
Glad people finally are waking up. Working makes only the rich richer. In Europe, the people without jobs, get 800-1000€ (Austria for example). They alone make so much money for the country with taxes. Money for people who don’t work is making a lot taxes. Everytime they buy something, they pay 20% in Austria. The need for work is Bs. It’s that the rich just need work force and you to pay MORE taxes.
13 years same Employer I said I had enough of the 2hr commute looking for new job its alarming how low these employers pay
There is one place to work within 50 miles of my home. I live ruarally but the one place you could work is terrible to thier employees and there is no moment once hired. use to be you worked to work another day now people are realizing that either I will travel farther or work from home before being treated terribly.
All these jobs open but they wont hire someone with a felony
People with families leave to take care of their family
This administration paying people to stay home that is thet radon people aren’t working.  It’s simple supply and demand.
Because we realize we’ll never reach the American dream by working a dam job.
Wow
Automated robots will be taking these jobs soon. Just look up Ameca. She will be walking in about a year.
People can't afford to pay their bills on these wages. You want to be homeless and work like a dog or be homeless with no job and still maintain the same quality of life.  Also these are working class people, many of them have had parents die and don't need to work as hard anymore.
Hate orange man Bad all you want    Even with  all the Russia Hoaxes the do nothing democrats did. Trump called all this chaos biden has created.America was better off. Biden never shut down the virus by the way and they still want more stimulus checks.SMH
Every one became lazy 😅or dont want to have to get vaccinated they threatened people get vaccinated or lose your job 🤪so they quit I know about alot of people quitting because they don't want vaccinated
They didn't have to rush back to work when benefits were stopped b/c they got paid more than they would have made otherwise for more than a year, while having few ways to spend money since many things were closed & many skirted paying rent b/c they know they couldn't be evicted. So they were getting paid more than normal without paying for things, so they built up a war chest to not have to go back to work.
People are finished being treated like retards!  Look how the average person is treated !  We are lied to,  used as Guinea pigs, Murdered,  by Big Pharm. Victims to make Billions for the Big Teck.   We are slaves !  We work, our tax money does not benefit us but Illegal Allians!  Our Southern Border is nonexistent!  Our kids are being poisoned by Fentanyl from China!   Out legal system is used against us!   We are under GOD’s Judgement and deserve to go the way of the 🦤 dodo !
Soooo, how do these "picky" people pay their bills without going to work. It still doesn't grow on trees
What a media gaslight. Same with the shill discussion crafting a misdirection narrative. Everyone knows why, because we're protesting it... Even though this point is immediately removed from platform discussion.
Little deceptive on the facts, Health care jobs always have had  high percentage openings b/c they have qualifications that many don't have.There has been a nursing shortage for 40+ years,same with doctors, that's why there are so many foreign doctors in the US
Why work when you can’t buy anything anyway?
Legize weed federally
The title should be "Why are Americans choosing to leave the prison planet matrix". Because we've finally woken up! eat that MSM
Underpaid
Look @ thise beautiful black woman...wow...gorgeous...love the hair...
Of course people are quitting. Why would anybody work when they can just quit, act like they're trying to get a job and just get free money from the government?
The customers are burning the employees out! Customers are expecting so much from them and with little to no education, in service or orientation. Too many cookie cutter companies that expect employees to work for them and not be flexible, cookie cutter employees.
Wow! I can’t believe how tone deaf this video is! But can’t say I’m surprised that the silver spoon fed big wigs at 60 minutes can’t sympathize with the average worker.
60minutes has always been funny to me. Black women are the faces of what's going on in America but are the minority. This is so interesting i could write about this observation for my sociology class.
Is it possible that employers are coercing their employees to keep their jobs only if they are vaccinated?! Could that be the reason many individuals are leaving their jobs and not applying for other employment!!!
To all those MAGA people, to all those Trump supporters crying because immigrants were stealing your jobs,problem solved!! Take your jobs back!! They are all yours again! ... Make America Great again?  Your country needs you, go roll up your sleeves and take those jobs. Don't forget to wear your Trump hat 😉
The Vaccine Mandate put on Americans...had an Enormous impact as to them saying  No!
That's why our Govmt allowed  1.2  Milion Illegals  Into America..they're going to do these vacated jobs
I quit my job working at a Psychiatric Hospital after attempting to work with HR and my management team for over a year. I was getting mistreated and provided evidence of this mistreatment to HR. HR just continued to do the same. I had to leave. I reflected on myself and if I could have done anything differently before I quit. It was the best thing to do after discussing it with my husband. I had no regrets. I had been working since I was 16 years old. I'm very grateful that I have a husband that is fully employed and is able to care for our home. I genuinely wish that anyone who wanted a life like this would be able to get it.
Well first off none of this is true where I am I get paid 7,25 which is the minimum legal rate fast food joint pays more than that
Employees are tired of being undervalued and underpaid while their bosses get rich. Period.
is not a worker problem. its companies paying dirt for jobs
The quality and work ethic of people 60 and under is not great. When I think about the people when I was a youth that were 60 years and older they were far different than the characters today.
This story is in part BS. I been applying to get a job as a network engineer for 6 months and so far I have only received no call backs. Companies are sending jobs overseas. This story is misleading everyone. I will not work in retail or in a restaurant because that is not what I studied in the first place. I am an IT professional and America is shipping jobs to other countries and automating processes.
Pay is too low, Americans will not work for crap
We are all Tired of working day and night just to pay hefty rents, bills and government taxes..
"Most people quitting are gen z" then in the next breath "people are just burnt out" hahahahah they haven't worked long enough to be burnt out? They're spoiled! That brings me to the big mystery that wasn't addressed, how are these quitters surviving? With so many people quitting work how are they paying bills?
Because: Biden.
I quit 3 jobs in December. I quit my security job at a department store the same day I started. They made me sign a confidentiality agreement and I quickly figured out why. On day one I noticed that there were more people stealing than buying. Worst part was that they allowed the cashiers to keep thousands of dollars in the registers. I felt like we were ALL sitting ducks and it was gonna be a bad situation soon. They said I couldn't carry a weapon, not even my own personal registered weapon. I quit at the end of my first shift.  Being surrounded by thieves was not a position I would put myself in.  I was robbed at gunpoint at my 2nd delivery job and my 3rd job my supervisor coughed up a lung on me and I clocked out. She tested positive for the virus 2 days later.  I now have my own business and couldn't be more content. Working for myself was my best bet.
If you work really hard, dedicate your time and much of your free time to your job,.. your employer can get another new car! I saw that statement somewhere recently and it struck a chord!
60 minutes, helping push the propaganda !!
How on earth is there no mention of these mandates as part of why people are quitting?  Censorship.
I agree with everything that's being said however there are many brothers and sisters from the continent that would love to come over here and work are they giving them the opportunity no so United States really don't want anybody to come into their country and work but yet you looking for workers and these people are very strong driven intelligent people but America do not want to let the melanated people to come in as easy as they let other people from other countries
Due to the FORCED vax mandates of many companies and employers. They would rather QUIT that have to undergo that.
My mother always say, Never quit your job until you've found a new one.
Please find me one of those jobs.
While I'm at home in NY and can't find a job, no matter the amount of application I put out. Sad😭I'm ready to move.
I don't know but it was definitely a better time for the world when Trump was in office plain and simple  democrats should only be tasked with talking about ice cream 🍨🍦
Fake news.  60 minutes libtraded bosses are the cause. Free money = lazy people.
When you have help wanted signs say $15 an hour Master’s Degree required. It’s time to evaluate how our system is.
I quit my job and I've been independent since 2020. Double my pay and never went back. Let's go Brandon 🤡
Bc they don’t want that clotshot, tell the truth. You demons
Umm no one's really  hiring its incentive to hire that get it in the window long as they interview they get payed
if only nobody had to work if they didnt want to
4:11 it's not worker problem. It's pay and respect problems
It’s because they MANDATED/closed all the restaurants and hotels and small businesses and people couldn’t go to work. When they could back they didn’t want to, they found new jobs, new careers or worked for themselves.
ask the top 1% making over average $1.697 million of annual income. a lot of them paying less tax than most family making $100K
Terrible low employment under Biden ...... Record High employment for eVery race under TRUMP.  FACT
You misspelled getting fired at record numbers
None of this is new. It didn’t take a pandemic for me to live by the “Take This Job & Shove It” credo. Each and every resignation while employed as a general laborer (18 years) and as a college-degreed professional (20 years) were always pleasurable and always led to much better employment until the final greatest resignation of all when I finally started my own little company and discovered the hairy scary joys of being my own boss.
Oh I’m willing to relocate to Georgia if I be making more money then here in. New York
LOL I can't believe that they're going around the problem as opposed to ADDRESSING DIRECTLY WHY they are leaving and quitting!!! IT'S THE MANDATES PERIOD!!!  These governments along with the private companies want to FORCE people to put something in their body and take regular tests that have chemicals!!! STOP ASKING DUMB QUESTIONS AND AVOIDING THE FACTS! THAT'S the answer!!!
china sweatshop slaves: even with the minimum wage it’s still heaven compare to how were treated.
It’s funny how the tables have turned… right?
I can explain why no one wants work its because the jobs are trash
Does everyone all of sudden has money to retire? I can barely pay the bills if I don't work...hummmm?
I think this is extremely late. remote jobs have been in existence for a long time. I know people and personally have done this long ago. I guess Florida is far in the future thane would guess.
The great reset and agenda 21 is full swing. Close down businesses, brainwash the future generations.  Result ....dependence compliance control.
Also you can make Bank with YouTube channels just doing stupid crap.
They're quitting because of the vaccine mandates, they're literally saying take your vaccine and shove it.
We need these conversations! I too don’t see myself ever going back to an office and will be investigating in creating a permanent office space in my home. Working from my kitchen counter now and loving it!
If I was governor Abbott I would let all the immigrants in that need to be let in before the Democrats play the race card again they're already here and more coming we have to be like Hestia in order to win.. Compassion  with listening 🎶  there should be no politics when it comes to the innocent
Ya even i am not able to join jobs and i am in india. Because the truth is the employers think since they are paying for a employee. They put all the their accusations on the employee without their knowledge and give them to covid deaths.
I'm not clocking in no more I'm not working for them LOW wages they given an the F up attitude cause they are a Manager
It's because no one wants the Dollar anymore .
Quit their jobs?  Um how do you pay your bills?   Must be nice.
Reasons: vaccine mandates, lack of desire to work for a living.  Two separate groups with different motivations.
They are not going to be forced to take the 💉. Period. No job is worth it
I'm really happy for the executive assistant who now works full-time from home. May I offer just one suggestion? That she invest in an ergonomic office chair, because using the living room armchair isn't good for her back.
In New Zealand where i live most jobs have mum an dad hours, So you can drop kids off to school then go to work an finish work before you need to pick them up from school, nice 5hr work day
Most understand now this plandemic was a final straw in of that we live in a diabolical corporate takeover that has been suppressing our growth as humanitarians. How humane have we grown? We haven't and we know it, and the system is the culprit. It's broken 💔
Simple it's called found better paying jobs. These companies know what they are doing and instead of paying those already there they offer fake signing bonuses that you don't get because they cut you loose right before that 90 day mark just to fake offer to others.
I think one problem contributing to this is drug testing. In particular testing for marijuana. More and more states are legalizing marijuana and it is becoming more socially acceptable. People don't want to be told by a employer that they can't smoke a joint when they are off work relaxing at home anymore than someone who goes home and drinks a glass of wine or beer. Even people that don't use marijuana don't like being drug tested. It is a incredible invasion of privacy because the employer is in your house at this point. Uninvited. It just makes people feel like a company is trying to own you. I have also heard cases where a employee fails a drug test for marijuana and the company is supposed to fire the person but there is one problem. The person who failed the test is one of their best employee's.
Why should any American. Work.when those that are here eligally.get everything handed too them.from the taxes that the workers of America. Are tired of supporting
I maybe one of the few people that is looking for these better paying jobs but I have been ghosted by more jobs than I can count they will say they love me and want to hire me and will get back with me by a certain day and won’t hear back even after I write them back about an up date. I live in the nashville area. Also because I have kid and can’t afford day care I need a job that will kind of work with the hours I need but instead of working with me because they need workers they say no I either work the hours or they can’t hire me so I feel like these places that are complaining about needing help don’t need it that bad.
You do not need a freaking PhD do determine the problem and solution.
But wait America has lowest unemployment rate in history...opps another big lie...hahaha see ypu in Moscow
Let them quit,  more work for me...I. not even scared of corona virus.   More scared if vaccine.   Need to learn Russian as second language...hahaha poor biden.he will beg Trump back before this is over
well come try to find a job in taylor kentucky ...took me a month to find a job so i could leave my last job ... it must not be happening here
The cost of living goes up and our pay stays the same people can’t afford to live.
You let me work for starvation wages, just enough money to get gas to make it back and forth to work. No thanks.
The 'better pay' is still not enough... 15 bucks an hour when rent is avg 1200 bucks a month, costs of vehicles are up 30%, groceries... do the math.
Time: 03:53 He failed to say we Pay Low Wages & You Work Long Hours
The internet opened the eyes of society. Now, we can se clearly the gap between us, the workers, and the boss. We work to have the shortest amount of money of companies gains.
One of three things have to happen. 1. Pay more 2. Value the dollar higher (deflation) 3. Lower the cost of living All of a sudden people could wait tables, be a laborer, etc ... and still live and not worry if they need to work 80 hours a week to just pay rent - and another 20 hours to eat... When they are not working.
All these long videos y'all talked long enough when are y'all going to do something
Something that I rarely see brought up is job requirements. You know how many jobs require you to have a degree, where you absolutely don’t need one? Degrees aren’t equal to job experience, or work ethic.
Dude Harvard, Stanford and Oxford that’s a CV no wonder LinkedIn hired her
The cost of living is the problem employers wanna pay wages that have been around for decades , as always big corporations benefit from this and it leaves the working class struggling to survive ,i sujest raise the minimum wage to $50 per hour that would fill out positions quickly and guess what if you are single and make to much they get it all back at the end of the year anyway
You call it the great resignation,  I call it the great freedom from modern day slavery.
They are just being lazy. They want better job? I thought you have to work your way up? So what, they want a doctors salary without finishing high school?😂
Some of us and Klaus Schwab are calling it The Great Reset.
You can live better on Welfare,free healthcare ,free housing,no taxes,free food,why work and struggle.
Ppl are quiting because they don't want to be vaccinated
All FAKE,there are people appling for 60 plus jobs and only getting 1 call back.
This keeps up human jobs will cease to exist. AI WILL TAKE OVER IF THIS ISNT STOPPED
Im an immigrant living in the States. To me, one of the best things that the United State had was a cheap country and a great economy around the 60's. Those days are all but gone, more than 40 years of economic decline, some of you keep saying that is the best country to live on the planet. I just looked at the per capita by country, U.S.A was number 13. Around 48 percent of people living pay check to pay check, that sounds to me a country in trouble.
I quit my job when covid started
The thing is when I was unemployed for 2 years I was applying for any available jobs I could find but I was always rejected because they said 'I had a lack of relevent work experience' but there was no way for me to get work experience if no company would even give me a chance.
Applaud people for leaving. Constructive termination?! 👏🙌🤝👏🙌🤝👏🙌🤝👏🙌🤝☝🏾 🙏🙏👩‍👧‍👦👩‍👧‍👧👩‍👧‍👦👩‍👧‍👧👩‍👧‍👦👩‍👧‍👧👩‍👧‍👦🙏🙏pray kids aren't being trafficked & exploited--by their parents, et al.
damn i just quit too
I completely agree! Office cannot offer what wfh set up can.
I wish I could walk away, but supporting a family and mortgage has me trapped like a prison sentence
PAY US A LIVING WAGE, you want Starbucks and McDonald at your finger tips? then pay those works a wage that allows them to even live in the same city they work. Maybe a wage that lets them even afford the food at the place they work at?!!?
Corporate America sucks
Their moving because it dangerous in the Democratic cities the mandates are impossible their schools are closed. They want freedom. This is a propaganda show.
If a man will not work, neither let him eat. 2 Thessalonians 3:10.
We the people are smarter people, we will no longer except lower pay that wont help with todays living expenses. We are not with it!
They doubled the revenue but not paying proper revenue to the employees. He said it I didn’t.
Most people in America made 600 per week without leaving the house and now I pay about that in gas to get to and from my job coupled with taxes and childcare. Jobs aren’t paying enough.
Elitists: why you no want our jobz?  Government: supply chain constraints and high inflation on staples.  Worker: Pay me more than 15 dollars an hour and increase my pay at minimum with the rate of inflation.
Bosses suck Big businesses suck Corporate policies suck
Yet another reason to open up the immigration process. Millions around the world would love to work these vacated jobs. And this is also a good time for employers to treat workers better. Time to change
Working from the office is expensive, annoying and not even efficient - WFH 🥇
That's because of the obsolete and exploitative culture.
Get ready for more outsourcing of jobs, and more frustrations for someone to understand what you're talking about. When you need customer service.
First of all, the minimum wage needs to desperately be raised. Nobody is braking the backs for $7.25 & no job security or benefits.
Excuse me!   The vaccine mandate played a major role.  They are deliberately avoiding speaking on this issue!
She/they should have just said that the greatest savings time is in the commute. As a guy who's worked from home in his underwear for 17 years for a big international company, I can say I definitely miss going in and being around people and getting to dress up and rev up the car once in awhile and take a drive or meet co-workers after or have that fun Flintstone 5 o'clock attitude. When you mix your home life with your work life it gets pretty bogged down and depressing after a while. The only thing that makes it worthwhile is the 10 second commute to the bedroom and the kitchen and the bathroom and the porch and getting to work throughout the day whenever you want. If they make offices like home they could bring many more people in, let people lounge sleep eat shower relax Play talk whatever they want at work and you could stop this trend.  I just couldn't take it anymore so a few years ago I started subcontracting with a handyman buddy, and now I'm a full-time painter who does anything else customers ask. I guess it helps to be in a no-nonsense Republican farm state with a good governor who protects civil and human rights, common sense and logic.  We never bought those weird mask things or seen any of them so called covid people.  Doctors surgeons pharmacists CEOs young families businesses etc all let me into their home. If you've seen one of these covid people raise your hand, or better yet, talk to them and ask them if it's true!  I'm so glad to be out of the house traveling all over the country helping people hands on instead of chained to my bed, and it has nothing to do with this weird covid thing you read in the news sometimes.
Corporations are  getting richer and richer,  people are tired of it. Living in poverty , making millionaires richer.
you don't have enough people to get these homes built , how fast do you think i could tear the crap down ? then where will you be ?
Why do I work for someone to help them make so much more money and being treated as staff not as partners?
National Media in the USA “Virginia = the whole US” (just saying an observation I’ve made)
They’ve aborted the future! It was just a matter of time. Also they don’t care about workers are their families, workers are just numbers to the system.
All the corporate big wigs need to know who really has the power it’s been a employer market to long
extortion is the big why point blank
The affordable places that attract workers and the companies will gradually become not attractive and not affordable.  So what is the answer?
I'm working toward the goal of quitting because of horrible new bosses. Ms. Kimbrough is spot on.
When we have unregulated Algorhythms deployed by BigTech & Corporate Wall Street that seeks to continously upgrade to squeeze profits in the name of efficiency & productivity, what else would happen
How about we didn't quit... We were quarantined at home, told our hard work, dedication and long hours invested at the expense of our families all the sudden was non-essential.  Told our lives were non-essential. They said, cover your face, shut up and take this shot a couple 10 times. We don't  care if you  have side effects... you germ infested non-essential mouth breathers. Why aren't you coming back to work? Mask up and come back to work. We need somebody to check the Gestapo papers on our patrons. Make sure everyone has complied or they can't enter ....well I don't think so!
Crap pay crap benefits crap hours crap vacation  no respect  favoritism   the government   making  all these bs rules
Cheaper housing? Smaller cities? Safer places? Miami? Austin? Really???
We want more time at home...but we still want enough income to pay our bills... I Just Walked Away Also...we are tierd we need our lives back and we will go bck to work. Fix the salary and hour problem
Everything poeple need to live is always going up ,but wages ,benefits, vacation time ,health care . Have been suppressed  . So employers go up after making billons in profits and then they give a employee $1 raise, they go up $2 to $10 on a product, service, etc . Employers  should not  be able to raise there  prices for goods and services, that they already  have and are still making billions of $$$ to much greed in America, when you give or made to pay more wages, after years of not doing so ,the everyday things  we need to live should not cost us more .when companies charge more for these commoditys it puts the right back in the same spot in life where we never can get ahead or have a better life .
For One we are Tierd of working for Pennies and being unappreciated and disrespected by employers...Period
they are quitting as the low pay, in Florida around Cocoa Beach, Cape Canaveral and Disney as the low pay and working conditions, I worked for Disney for a few weeks I drove 1 hour from Merritt island Florida to Disney to work at the Floridian, I had to clean 17 guest suits the size of a one bedroom apartment in just 7 hours and if I had not finished they made staff stay or get fired and because I would not stay they fired me as well I had a hours drive in and an hours drive out so on top of the 8 hour day I had to add on 2hours for travel and as I would not leave My dog for 14 hours a day I was not suitable, but laods of hospotalty workers. hotels. fastfood, restaraunts the pay is $10 an hour its time these Billion dollar companys need to start paying their staff a decent wage. even Cape Canevaral overnight security for just $11 an hour yet the cost of Living does not match the wages. I am struggling to save to move back to Las Vegas after loosing My husband in 2020 from Pancreatic Cancer as we was not Married for 10 years I am not entitled to his Benefits I work 7 days a week in Merritt island Florida and I am drowning in debt I can not afford to move back to Vegas I can not even afford the moving costs to Texas and Oklahoma as I have looked there as cheaper rentals for me and My dog ( Yorkie)  I do doordash as well 7 days a week no one tips in Cocoa, Cocoa beach,Cape Canaberal, Merritt Island, Rockledge & Titusville but with the price of gas sometimes I earn around $40 for 8 hours as doordash send you jobs through for $2.25 and if you do not accept you get less work another Billion Dollar company whos workers get awful wages and no one tips in this area, I have even set up a GoFundMe to try and raise the money to move me and My dog and furniture back to Vegas or Texas or Oklahoma as I struggle to payt My bills in Florida as the wages are so low and cost of living too high.
They never mention the mandates . They are definitely a factor. No jab, no job.
interesting how they don't mention low paying jobs as part of  the problem
Be careful working for your own people, "They'll treat and pay you like you live in the same house as them.
Work like a dog just to stay even....
But how do people exist ? How do you pay bills if you don't work?  How are they productive? Who do they live off of? I'm at a loss. EAT, WORK, SLEEP is my lifestyle.
Jabb is killing, people are mamed, and  disabled, that'll keep ppl from working.
jobs do not amount to the cost of living,,, have u seen the price of chicken wings lately!!!!
DEFUND THE ELITE CORPORATIONS DEFUND GREEDY RENTERS
😲😲People are either too sick, not paid enough, and the truth is automations is replacing many workers and people are tired of toxic work environments. Workers should be in the driver's seat and stay their when it comes to employment outside the home.🤔🤔
That's a lie remote jobs are for lazy people. It's only a matter of time the super rich will go broke.
This wicked generation is extremely lazy because they rather smoke weed, drink alcohol, and on their phones. Plus the twenty year olds don't have respect for the workers. The Millennials want a workerless world. Part of agenda 35 from the illuminati.
You owe the Chinese now: They ended the 9to5-keep-me-in-debt-and-poor lie.
lmao keep ignoring the racial aspect
retail/hospitality losses no big surprise: this is low pay PT work with lousy benefits. Add that many are exiting the work force altogether (retirement), and the scenario is not that surprising.
What everyone should be concerned about, we are short Dr's, and Nurse's. And then ppl have to wait hours, if not days now for they're prescriptions from pharmacies
service workers have been at the bottom of the barrel in terms of treatment for decades. Just because there is a help wanted sign doesnt mean its a livable wage;
its a employer problem  noone has no morals  who the fu$k wants to work for someone thats a sh$t head
THIS VIDEO right here is a good example how people (workers) truly hold the power. So much so that companies, Private owners and work policies have to bend a knee to our demands ;-)
So they’re not going to address that people are quitting/losing their job due to the vaccine mandate?
Did they mention vaccine mandates that Biden is requiring?
I am not infected with COVID because I don't work with those infected
A living wage is nessacary in order to live
In reality people have become lazy and entitled.
We are tired of working for not. This entire society is a human imposing  Trap. When the pandemic was a vacation for most you would think they would get it.
As a former Austin resident, Austin is not affordable.
Maybe if they stopped firing people and actually hired people.
big shock to the elite media, to get a better one, or to take a risk and start a business. Funny how the little thing that we everyday people do shock then so.
People moving to Austin Texas for more affordable housing sounds crazy to native Texans. Then you see the majority of these folks are coming from California and New York and it makes sense. We hope they leave their politics with the economies they came from.
F the flu fascist that’s why imo
People need to stop acting like there aren't already answers to everything. Look into the latest tech for every part of life. You'll see like I did.
All my comments will probably get erased again, because the government knows I'm right about using the latest tech everywhere.
Have super security everywhere all the time via law enforcement drones and robots. The latest farm tech to have the most and healthiest foods without degrading the soil or using chemicals. Why aren't we using what we already have?
A 3d printer construction robot can build an entire decent home in about a day. Just one robot and one tech.
People could relax, upgrade themselves and help take humanity further in every way all the time. It's not like we'd drop out of existence. Quite the opposite actually.
And now that we are going out into space ALOT more. We could take humanity further in every way and not worry about the same issues we face.
We have the tech to make everyone's lives amazing. But we aren't using it everywhere all the time. We need to use the latest tech in every part of life. Including upgrading people themselves.
Give all legal people a base income each month. Whether you work or not. But have the option to get more if you choose to become more and do more.
We need to switch everything over to being fully autonomous. And we can.  There are many companies that don't use robots, just so people can have jobs. We don't need to have people doing minneal jobs.
More of the younger generation today are very independent and are innovators to go into business for themselves rather to be enslaved to a system that really doesn't help them.
People quit their job due to NFTs and Crypto that's wazup. 👍
Women realized what their kids are learning in school and decided to stay home to protect them from being brainwashed!! Adding to that the government mandates and the crime spread in our cities, staying home is the best solution!!!  https://youtu.be/eWOU2vR46-I
How do the idiot leftists elites not get it? Mask mandates, vaccine mandates! It isn’t freaking rocket science! So out of touch with Americans! You elites live in a damn bubble! The democrat party, the leftist elites, the corrupted government! You have all played a part in America’s demise! Terrible teachers and the union mafia ran schools! None of the elites ever admit wrong doing, you don’t care about the consequences of government overreach and giving preferential treatment to criminal illegal invaders! Treating patriotic American citizens like criminals! Selling out Americans to foreign countries! Look at the crap lies that are spewed to Americans daily by the DNC propaganda media! The damage the social media giants have done to America’s youth, what they allow them to see, choosing winners and losers, working with a corrupt government, destroying their reputations if they dare speak the wrong pronouns! It will have consequences for years to come! Even this program, we all know you manipulate the information. None of you are honest people! No doubt 60 minutes is sponsored by Pfizer!
These fake employers keep making it like they're HURTING for workers, but I still have to face discrimination!
Employers need to read this comment section and maybe they will start changing their ways even though I seriously doubt it..
More are getting fired than quitting to do something else.  No personal freedom of choice.  That seems to be ok, as long as your narrative is THE controlling narrative! Wow, did that lady just say, 'it's MY choice'???
Who the heck thinks the government gives us soooo much money that we can just chill at home. Thats mental
This is the Roman Empire in the later years.
Bottom line is that people are quitting their jobs because of awful employers.  3 people in my family (STEM - Math. and Science) honor college graduates continue to quit their jobs from well-known corporate American companies.  The only way for 2 of them to get a salary increase (despite a tremendous workload) has been to move from company to company. They will keep moving. 1 of them quit a company because after one month the pay continued to be incorrect, management did not had the employee complete new employee paperwork (W-4 for taxes, benefit selection, etc., no one reviewed documents for the I-9 form to determine citizenship, manager unavailable, lack of communication, etc.)  Workload has been tremendous with no procedures in place. My family plans to start their own business.
I prefer to sell tacos in the corner I make more money like that
Life is to expensive people is tired of working for others and live always poor the USA is over  is messed up I'm not going to work for nothing I prefer to be poor and don't work  than work and still be poor I'm not making the millioner more money  I can not even afford a home that's not right.
It's because a certain community made it unsafe. Yet no one wants to address the ELEPHANT in the room.
Back to work tax slaves. Government loves you.
Long hours of work, office politics, huge disparity of income between employees, higher ups getting ridiculous salaries with hardly any work, HR department turning a blind eye, shutting your mouth and tying your hands with " Confidentiality Documents" instead of being the bridge between management and employees...too many unresolved problems
And..  commuting to and from work is dangerous, expensive, tedious and time consuming.
I left my job in education in 2021. Working in education has always been stressful due to having to please so many parents, working under a microscope, and teaching what the state requires then adding in covid it was too much. I decided to leave when a parent threatened me because I didn't correctly discipline another student for calling his child a baby. I thought I'm done, I don't get paid enough for this.
In America “We live to work” and in other countries such as France “Work to live”.
Your HOME is your new JAIL CELL.
They forgot to mention that people quit cause Employers are trying to make them put a life taking drug so that's the main reason people are leaving .. slowness!!
It all starts from first you scare the crap out of people with the covid situation then you give the child tax credit checks as one employee that I know of once put it he said I'd take the job but with child tax credit checks I can make 20 dollars an hour sitting at home. And of course he left and didn't take the job. Then on top of everything else it's mandate this because of covid or mandate that because of covid. I don't know about everyone else but remember how Sleepy Joe promised he would stop the virus as if he had some magic wand that could just make it disappear well everyone thought ok vaccine will stop it but no it didn't then everyone thought ok boosters  will stop it but no it didn't. We have shipping containers stuck at sea and truckers being fired or leaving because of vaccine mandates. So how long will it take democratic voters to realize they voted for doomsday.
I don't know that that's necessarily true because I'm in Pasco County Florida trying to find work and it's not easy and I'm struggling so I'm not just sitting here doing nothing and being picky about what I want to do.  So I don't know if that's necessarily accurate. In all fairness my wife suddenly passed away after 13 years in November. I do see the comments about employers taking advantage of employees in a time like this and I think something has to change. Possibly profit margin expectations. The benefits and unemployment in Florida is BS we get $225 a week. And rent for the average apartment is $1000 per Mo. for 1 Br 1 Ba.
School is expensive living check by check is hard and tiring ☹️
Why? Seriously?? I don’t get how this is even a question.  People 👏 are 👏 sick 👏 and 👏 tired 👏 of 👏 being 👏  treated 👏  like 👏 dirt.  Employers have ruled our lives for FAR too long. We’ve had NO say, and it’s time we take back control over our own lives.  Most employers, and management, have little or no respect. We. don’t. matter. They are bullies. They threaten. They find things to hold over you. Nothing is ever good enough. There is zero appreciation.  Wages are far too low for most people to even survive on - yet companies demand more than is humanly possible. It doesn’t matter if you’re killing yourself, they always demand more.  They will find excuses not to give raises…  “because you clocked in at 7:02 that one time.. oh, and by the way, we need you to stay for an extra 2 hours today, tomorrow, and the next day.. and we need you to work over the weekend too - so no days off..”  No control over schedules - workers are treated like property. They change the rules after you’re hired to suit their agenda. We. don’t. matter.  So-called benefits are dangled in front of workers but hold little value.  Obviously, the elephant in the room: lack of worker safety regarding the pandemic.  👉 Take this job and shove it.
It’s going to have to be that way jobs are going to get eliminated because of technology advancement
Sounds like a trick they want everyone living on government assistance. This is how they get inside your head threw the media. Lady said she quit her job not knowing her next move, who does that
I've always done what I wanted to do when I want to do it never needed a corporation's approval.
Was recruited for my current job of 4 months. Been a mechanic for 20 years. I got a 7k bonus and the taxes were paid. The pay was the same. But they pay for your kids college. That sold me on it. Also I drive 15 mins to work. My wife now works from home. We don’t have to drop the kids off and her parents anymore in general. If I have a appointment. I can go to it. 20 years ago. Baby boomers were in charge. We were treated like crap and you were expected not to take lunches etc. You had to call off or take a day off for any appointments. The only downside of this Covid economy Is major overtime. I still have the weekends off. I am glad Covid Happened. It changed the workplace. My wife and I knew family is more important then work and taking your kids to a million sports etc. a lot of our friends white collar realize they were way to busy. They cut their activities by half. My wife and I already knew this. My job was vacant for 9 months. Covid made them realize they had to keep skilled workers and pay for their kids college and employees. They raised the pay and became lenient on appointments etc. My last job of 9 years. I was at max pay and only received cost of living. For years I was loyal to my jobs. I would show up early and get dressed and never was late. I got so tired of the lies about promotions and the games employers play. I still work hard. But I now show up last min at work.Clock in and then get ready…..
A worker problem, huh? Just like that.  It's the workers,.   Pay more.  Be nicer.  Set realistic  expectations.
Hahahah when he said it's not from the benefits. People make more money by slinging or resale and the amount they gave out was plenty for most people to get above and save. Imagine  600 plus unemployment.  600 is 2x the average  low class wage at 40hrs then unemployment. Free school plus assisted cash. For the low class on government  programs that pay 8.00$ (eight dollars) a month for their rent and utilities  covered.   A woman  with 3 kids can work a day a week. Claim the kids then come back tax season  and bring home 12000. That's half the yearly wage.   Yes it's the assistance that the government  gives that kills the employed.
Unemployment just paid better…
You mean the you don't know that many Americans are being made to choose the jab or either lose their jobs or be targeted for abuse if they are allowed to stay.... And also... What else is happening is ppl are realizing they have power now.. it's not employers asking what I have to offer them but now it's me asking employers what do they have to offer me!!!!!! We have the upper hand for once and we are demanding what we are worth for once!!!!!!
Factories shut down ...but many claim it is benefits that keep people out of work. Many rather get less pay for less stress. Jobs are there and many are kids that rather not have to work as 5 people for minimum wage at minimum wage jobs so they often quit going job to job.
Why? Doordash & uber eats makes you your own boss the people have the power not the 9-5...also lyft and uber your the boss and $7.75 does not cut it  #SMFH
Continental cowardice without enforcing blanket vaccination legislations. Passing that problem onto employers instead of dealing with it in a parliamentary proceeding  Let the unvaccinated assaults begin
Governments to pathetic to enforce a blanket vaccination - take Australia for example,  No vaccination mandate , but if you want to blah blah blah blah blah gotta be vaxxed.  To cowardly and spineless to put out a law and instead leave it to employers wanting to stay in business. Complete cowardice on a continental level.  Let the unvaccinated assaulting begin.
Give money to someone and this is what happens
Well the jab mandates didn't help either so....
I sympathize with all these employees especially those who have a remote job. But what I am wondering is what you might miss in the long-term for example having those in-between small-talks with your colleagues. I experienced that with my team. It is mostly just focusing on work if you work only remote,, but I guess that's the sacrifice for better benefits in the end. I'm just worried how social interaction is leading to not only with remote  jobs but with the whole digital development (permanent use of cellphones, social media etc.).  We have similar problems here in Europe.
With the added stresses people have been put under, worldwide, being treated badly at work is no longer tolerated by workers. Many people who are hired, feeling optimistic, are then treated unfairly or badly by supervisors. The workers are unwilling to accept poor treatment for low pay, seeing quitting their job as being more appealing than the constant stress.
Now people are full time scammers...instead of working for a check legally🤔😟🤭
SO PLEASE PLEASE GIVE GOD YOUR TIME PUT GOD FIRST IN YOUR LIFE REPENT OF ALL UR SINS . WE ALL SIN N NONE IF US ARE PERFECT NOT ONE . IF THE DEVIL CAN TEMPT JESUS HOW MUCH MORE WILL HE TEMPT US . BUT JESUS GIVES US A WAY OUT OF ALL OUR SINS . THANK U JESUS CHRIST OF NAZARETH.
MANY PEOPLE HAVE FORGOTTEN GOD N MANY HAVE LEFT THE CHURCH. BUT GOD WILL NEVER CHANGE HIS WAYS FOR HE IS THE SAME GOD FROM THE BEGINNING N HE IS THE SAME GOD TIL THIS VERY DAY . THANK YOU JESUS AMEN N AMEN 🙏
NOTHING CAN STOP THE POWER OF GOD BECAUSE HE RULES N GOD SUPER RULES FOR EVER N EVER . SO REPENT OF ALL YOUR SINS N PICK UP UR CROSS N FOLLOW THE WORD OF GOD IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST OF NAZARETH. HE WHO GIVES HIS LIFE TO CHRIST SHALL HAVE A LIFE FOR ETERNITY WITH THE LORD JESUS  CHRIST OF NAZARETH .
ARIUND 2007 OR 2008 PRESIDENT PUTIN STATED THAT , PRESIDENT OBAMA WAS INTERRUPTING THE NEW WORLD ORDER . THE QUESTION IS HE MAY HAVE MADE A MISTAKE BY REALIZING WILL THE ONE WORKD CURRENCY HAVE TO TAKE OLACE FIRST ?
HERE’S WHY , THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT WANTS TO CAUSE MILLIONS OF SMALL BUSINESS TO SHUT THERE DOORS FOR GOOD . TO LEAVE ALL THE LARGE COMPANIES IN OPERATION SO THAT THEY CAN START WORKING SLOWLY ON THIS ONE WORLD 🌎 CURRENCY . FOLLOWING UP OR LEADING UP TO THE NEW WORLD ORDER . BUT THIS HAVE TO ALSO TAKE PLACE IN OTHER COUNTRIES . SO THAT IT CAN BE DONE IN ORDER .
This is being done for a few reasons . One is because of E-COMMERCE IS A BILLION DOLLAR INDUSTRY . ALSO BECAUSE A PERCENTAGE OF PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF THIS PANDEMIC . BUT IS THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT BEHIND ALL THIS TO A POINT .
House prices are too high. It is completely pointless to work. You will never own anything.
👆🏼....firing your work 😀ty have a nice day
People are tired by working day and night and getting yelled or overworking the problem is to Respect and Pay good
The working class or poorer is what runs these businesses we use everyday ....look around you when you leave your house ,wether it's to dine out,to pump gas, to shop for clothes,food,etc . These jobs have regulations and mandates , most wanna hire part time , no benifets, low unlivible waged pays etc. Who wants to work and not be able to pay their rents or mortgages for employers who get and maintain wealth. I know plenty of Friends who own businesses and are wealthy complain about nobody wants to work , when I ask them what their paying I look at them like their sick. Most of these jobs wanna pay 1980s pay roll for all these ridiculous requirements . Modern day slavery getting worse by these Greedy narcissist. I worked in construction for over 25 yrs and the pay rate is about half of what they use to pay. I get paid a lot less than when I was 20 ,I'm 43 now avg pay was 25 - 30 an HR.  Now 12 -17 an HR , most work is part time to cut cost and no benefits. The cost of living , let's see my first apt. 500 a month. 20 yrs old. Now 43 a box if you wanna call it an apt. 1600.00 with almost half less the pay . People don't wanna work or employers want slavery because working and being homeless is slavery especially when your working for wealthy sickos.
Maybe we are finally starting to see Karl Max's theories come to life. Capitalism is imploding and the workforce is taking back control.  The pandemic woke people up. They realized 1-2-3 jobs is not living. Life is to short. We became zombies. No more.
Most employers only hire part time so therefore no benifts but will work you 38 to 39 hrs a week😡 And do not keep up with the inflation for wages.
Necessity is the mother of all invention...in this case innovation.  This could get interesting.  The statistics people are going to seek out demographics for plethora of new things.  Looks like competition will win out.  Hail the innovators!
We gonna act like the vaccine mandates haven’t played a role in this lol
I have already told my boss that if we go back to work we will lose at least a third of productivity.  Chatting in the hallways, going for coffee.  Exhausted and stressed from driving home in traffic I will refuse off hours work even though I am Salaried.  They can replace me, that's fine.  It took 10 months to replace the last open position on my team.  Good luck to whomever get my job that it took 25 years to master.
retail worth atleast $200/hour
Maybe we can retire and not pay the Democrats BS agenda has anyone thought of that.
Sounds like we need some immigrants.
So, we are not going to talk about the interviewer looks like Billy Dee Williams.
I am so frustrated by this. Ive been looking for work for over a year. About 80% of the jobs im applying for are remote positions. I have excellent administrative, data entry, and customer service skills and those are the jobs im applying for.... but I either get no response (90%) or thanks but no thanks emails. Ive had a few interviews. Ive redone my resume a thousand times..... I cant help but think that my age (55) plays a huge factor... im also overweight and wonder how that impacts my job hunt. This segment makes it look like jobs are falling out of the sky... Am I missing something
No job training, overworked, no job training, giving out bonuses/higher pay raises to employees who don't want to work.
Amazing!!!!
Mandates.
Because they are tired of being robbed from government thiefs of working class slaves,
since obama's days all companies were required by the government to post "hiring" signs. they have been posted for 6 or 7 years now. NOTHING NEW on that
wow that's what I'm talking about #Action
The whole unemployment checks concept is backwards. People should be able to get government assistance even if they have jobs because the wages aren't high enough. Stop telling people they *need* to be unemployed for government assistance. That is the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life.
COVID IS THE REASON. TOO SICK TO WORK.
So, what are Americans doing with their time off? And are they sick of being home alone?
i can see why the new people working are no longer loyal   to the company . they got rid of pensions healthcare when you retire . these were things i looked at 32 years ago with my company . i feel sorry for the new kids coming up with only a 401k . the last few years i saw a shift in company's  on how they treat people . if you did a good job they let you know . last few years they could care less. guess they better change that.
Bunch of lazy people that’s all
I’m about to quit my job. The reasons are low pay also tried of dealing with Karen’s and kens
https://youtu.be/31qONhoJcZA  For the wages of sin is death;
It's not moving it's mandates
Because we don't want to get sick!!
They suffer from long hauled covid side effect, their sleep time flip, so feel unfit to work, they just need more time to recover.
Obviously people don’t want the experimental shot. Hello.
Business owner usually think about there own wallet not the people who put it in there for them
UK Ireland mandate scrapped, even admitted it's not a bad varient and the clown show keeps going over a flu
Is that a trick question ? The answer is the government is paying their rent it's called rent relief! Smh
Omicron is another HOAX. WTF are you talking about lady???😂😂😂
Treat your workers with respect! Offer incentives, bonuses, promotions, benefits, flexible hours, etc. People are tired of not being appreciated & taken advantage of. And, many are scared for their health with potential Covid exposure. The lack of child care also impacts the work force too!
I hope all the greedy companies loose more employees.
Restaurants need to pay their employees in addition to the tips they make not a combined income
They are quite USPS.. soon people will stop receiving their mail as well..
Americans are not quitting good jobs.  They are quitting jobs that pay less than they can get by laying at home receiving gov handouts. Good jobs are few and far between and the salaries have not gone up in 25 years.  If anything, salaries are lower with more educational requirements / experience. For every decent paying job offered, there are hundreds of applicants fighting for it. This is all political / news nonsense.  We are in a  major depression and it's getting worse every day.
People are tired of the rat race. Why do we have to work so hard to make a living. There's alot more to life than just working to make others rich.
A lot of these people have died as well I would think that would be a pretty obvious conclusion as well as people quitting for better pay and better employment
Because true real hard working tax paying patriotic Americans are tired fed up and done with the government the corporate world the ruling class high cost of living high taxes working 40+. a week and getting nowhere while the rich keep getting more and we're fed up with paying taxes and getting little to nothing in return ultimately we're just burnt out tired of the polititions lying to us making promises to make things better but never do and using the people.to fund their life styles not to mention Americans are tired of working for b******* wages while CEOs with multi-million dollar lifestyles when we can barely afford to pay bills no matter how hard we work we can't get ahead so what's the point most of us would rather work for ourselves and never pay taxes the American people and the people of the world have the ability if we're willing to do so to put the wealthy in the poor house just stopped working you stop paying taxes eventually they'll go broke sure we'll suffer but we can put them out of  business and in the poor house just like we are.. they can't arrest an in prison billions of people for refusal to pay taxes and work...
Because the government is giving them more money to stay home than they would make going to work.
Because all the free benefits and money people are getting makes them lazy and not want to earn their money
I mean maybe Americans are getting better at math and we've all realized that no matter how many hours you try and work in one day 15 dollars an hour doesn't ever equal 350 000 dollars for a starter home no matter how you slice it dice it or fry it. respect to those who have stopped propping those ceos up
Nobody wants to work and it's going to crash the economy. But couldn't that be another plan to undermine our way of life? And those stimulus payments did not help. Where I live people who quit their jobs didn't go to other jobs they're just not working. And then you see like in California people have taken to mass robbing of stores and robbing of trains and robbing a packages, and these gangs have leaders and these robberies are planned. It's modern piracy on the rise.  It's really frightening for our society
How about not dealing with annoying co workers and inept management… that alone would make me quit an office job.
I will say this its the pay. Nursing homes are not paying much money here in nc.
"Baby boomers retiring earlier"? 🤣🤣🤣 Baby boomers are at retirement age hello???
From europe, we think us americans are "!#¤.. u need to pay good salaryes, and its important whit organizations
Because we do not want anything to do with the corporate satanic pigs who want to rule and change our world you fuxking clowns are done....you nasty freaks who hate humans and children..we know what your satanic financial control.....you have no idea what is happening everywhere because we are done....
TAKE YOUR 30 MIN LUNCH AND SHOVE IT.  I AM NOT WORTH AN HOUR LUNCH AND TWO 15 MIN BREAKS!!!!!    😌
Why. The corporate world destroyed the family to the point where family members find scapegoats within their own families to ensure their own success. Justified or not its resulted in growing addiction and homelessness to the point of societal collapse. Who benefits.
The employers don't care  about the employees, the employees quit giving a crap about them. Bring the companies to their knees.
The American system of no maternity leave would be enough for me never to want to live there?
Reasons would be that alot of employers don't offer both growth and benefits, pay does not match the work load, and also now with the vaccine mandates.
I’ll take your job if you don’t want it ! A hairdresser ( I’ve done that over 30 years) . But if you shut down hair salons what can I do ?!
Praise God ! Time to go HOME !!
Mandatory vax requirement threats caused many to quit. I don't think u guys realize that many in the work ethic generation will not have their medical decision forced on them.
Stay home, I will pay you. Signed sleepy joe.
Surprise surprise China has got it right. The standard of living is extremely high. Don't believe the propaganda coming from America!
Between employers treating their employees badly, recruiters and management skipping over great prospects to hire their unqualified friends and family, the lack of human respect and treating workers like slaves, I’m glad this is happening.
Yeap ima go ahead and pack up! The world is ending
Mandates and stress.
Why?...why?.... because you make more money showing stupid stuff on tictok...
I am proud of us for taking a stance... We are tire of being over worked and under paid!!!!!!!!
No one ☝️ wants to work poor.   Our kids are psychologically isolated and predated upon by marketing.   We Break our bodies through our careers.  Often injured or disabled.   Inflation Rises so fast that by the time we retire we will be poor shortly after.  The economy is out of balance (top heavy)  Time for it to tip over and lay flat for The People.   We are stronger when families are Independent and capable of enjoying freedom together.    Go to work or starve!
because of Loser Biden and Hiding Harris
Nonsense
Working at home does have benefits but focusing on getting work done with young children at home is more mentally challenging. I would rather not be working at home.
Corperate means cartelism my word for the systems or elitist that rule over us and control us. We are greater then them! We all see a higher perspective after the past 2 yrs to the meaning of life and work is not it! The universe will provide and is allowing us to focus on our passions and my faith sustains me.
Talk about lies !! How can you talk about labor without mentioning the largest exit of labor due to the baby boomers retiring at a rate of 4 million a year. That’s it. The rest of the piece is propaganda.
Employers are not ready to let go of micromanagement and microabuse.....during a pandemic. Employees eyes are opening for the first time.
A jab for a job is a big factor. We don't want covid vaccines or to wear masks!
They're quitting because they're tired of working and still not being able to provide a decent life for their family.
I quit my job. Evil boss was power hungry I had to go and told them suck it
Some employers though are picky about who they hire. If they're going to be that way then they're never going to find any workers.
So if this woman has worked for the federal reserve? She should be quite knowledgeable of systemic banking fraud orchestrated by the federal government since the War of 1812💄on a 🐷🎪🏴‍☠️💰🏴‍☠️💰
Not everyone likes working from home to be honest after couple of month but real issue here if companies start outsourcing that could be a disaster. I know companies that already did that during the pandemic (small business) 😷 coz they could not find employees that fit them and they had to look elsewhere
Because they don’t want to wear a mask, get a jab, for a non living wage. Others aren’t working because of fear of being sick, others are depressed from the narrative and play being broadcast. The list goes in. People are sick of the rat race and waking up . Follow your passion, start a business, thrive.
She's got it all wrong, there leaving democrat run cities. Who wants to pay most of there pay to high taxes and being told what to do by politicians.
Karin is an IDIOT. IMAGINE A WORLD WHERE Sanitation workers all decide to FOLLW THEIR SINGING HEARTS? Even this Black privileged woman doesn’t see real life. We saw what happened in LA when the trash mountains created by homeless became breeding grounds for BUBONIC PLAGUE & rat population exploded. Sanitation workers deserve our utmost respect & should be paid proportionately. Politicians SHOVEL BS & sanitation workers clean it up. We can live WITHOUT POLITICIANS, but sanitation workers are INDISPENSABLE!,! They deserve our respect & cooperation. Imagine what YOUR STREET WOULD LOOK LIKE WITHOUT THEM!
FACT: Young People ages 21 to 50 are EXITING the economy because there are no livable wages of $30/Hour and up for all jobs to keep up with insane cost of living! Americans also going off grid due to HOA's and expensive residential properties and property taxes are theft! F U crony capitalism! PAY $30/Hour and up for all jobs, OR let society burn and decay! NO to vaccines, no to strain on the body which leads to health problems and no to abuse at work ❇❇❇
We ...NEED.. tiny homes that poor Americans can buy working $20/Hour or less!  Tiny house structure [[plumbing and electric ]] should be affordable and durable for under $30,000, 1 year of work or less to pay off ♻️♻️♻️
Millionaires and billionaires are parasites destroying America and humanity!
BBB Plan should be: 1. Livable wage permanent laws of $27/Hour and up for all Americans  2. UBI of $3,000/Month for life for the first $36,000/Per Year ( tax free ) 3. Locked Down $400/Month per person price! No gouging or gentrification! Developing mostly single unit apartments since privacy is a human right! 4. All three of these points to eradicate poverty,  homelessness,  suffrage of Americans 📛📛📛
Capitalism = Financial Fascism = parasite criminal system that screws over the poor!
FACT: Young People ages 21 to 50 are EXITING the economy because there are no livable wages of $30/Hour and up for all jobs to keep up with insane cost of living! Americans also going off grid due to HOA's and expensive residential properties and property taxes are theft! F U crony capitalism! PAY $30/Hour and up for all jobs, OR let society burn and decay! NO to vaccines, no to strain on the body which leads to health problems and no to abuse at work ❇❇❇
Great post, Maybe you were overlooked because it was a set up for greatness in you. I think that push you to open your own business. This  made you a better leader not management only… congratulations 🎊🎈🍾
People are not given any choice now
Because they don’t offer protection from Covid and don’t pay enough to take on a doubled risk. Especially when the employer doesn’t offer affordable health care or child care. If this doesn’t sum it up I don’t know.
Many people I talk too leaving their jobs, because of Joe Biden vaccine mandate.
Today's generation Z, I applaud them they have no loyalty to corporate... BaBy!!!!!
Maybe Mandates  have something to do with it. I’m not risking my health to get something in my arm for low pay. No data on long term health effects. If it was so easy ti change from carrier I would be applying for a CEO position.
The sad part is immigrants will take all these jobs. Then you realize you can’t go back , then you’ll start all over again. Congratulations 🍾🎉🎈
Thankfully Corrupted Organisation that don't bother of Thier employees should CLOSE
Because people are realizing their worth and we're not getting enough
What the scandemic, plandemic has made some people realize is what is valuable in life.  Yes.  Other people are not seeing it.  They believe that the government handouts are the answer.  It never has been, nor it ever will be, in a country whose citizens value personal freedom.   Another concept is people overvaluing their contributions to the work place.  And people believing that workin for themselves is more profitable while not having a clue about that financial reality.  Meaning paying double social security (the company that pays the other half is now you), the high cost of healthcare premiums if you are not in a group (the more in the company the lower the cost to it's members), paying estimated taxes (you have to pay at least as much as the year before despite any decrease in earnings or get whacked with a big bill), and on and on.
So all this happened during the time of the supposed best president ever? Yeah let's make America great again alright. Let the people of America make the change not the elected officials/president. Proof of who's really the boss.
Quit your job and you do not get unemployment.  If they only tracked this for two decades you cannot say 'ever'.  That is skewing facts.
LinkedIn is controlled by Google.  That says it all.
Stop with the variance malarkey.  It is a scandemic.
we’ve only had 3 stimulus checks with all three you couldn’t live off them for 2 months
Worksby? How is it spelled?
Lies. Employers are not giving livable wages. Because they continue to raise the cost of living. And most employees are over working employees because they don't want to hire new people
We need more diversity in these interviews. 90% blacks were interviewed. How about Mexicans or Indians or Asians?
Lucky that her husband has a job? She’s lucky to have a husband.
Truth be told its the health people getting free money from the government makes people not want to work especially if they have no medical health problems
Bs nobody is hiring 😒
Several places near here have been bought out by bigger companies. They can't keep workers though because they rip them off of their hours and treat them like cr@p.
ANGRY BIDEN DID THIS TOO ONG WITH HIGH INFLATION, SURGING CRIMES
Did you hear those last words? There’s nothing any office can offer me to go back there. Now government created a job space where folks can stay in their homes 24/7. It’s a different type of lockdown and made it much easier for them
I've gotten 3 raises in less than a year. I started at $13 per hour just to deliver food trays in  hospital.  I'm now making over $19 per hour. I'm at the bottom I do not expect to make this much. Where is this money coming from. Many people above me are making a lot more I know.    There is no doubt there are plans to bankrupt this country. Giving money away the will soon be worthless.
Not surprised that many of those who chose to leave their jobs are young…they don’t have to stay in their house with their wife…
Working 9 to 5, Mon to Fri is too much. It could be: 9 to 5, Mon to Thurs; and 9 to 1pm, Fri
I have applied for 40 jobs no has got back to me yet no one is hiring a big lie
Because most companies treat employees like an orange.  They squeeze what they can out of you then throw you away or let you quit.
Mandates are killing the labor market
I wonder if this is because of a "mandatory vaccination" issue
It is an employer problem.
Well when you work and don’t make enough to live off of , it’s kind of like why bother.
I’m glad workers are finally taking a stand !!!
Legalize weed
I have some unemployment jokes but, they don't work.😄
Are you hiring ? Is not for me it's for my brother who stayed home sleeping.
As we can be CHOOSY!!!
Nooooo we are not ma’am SHHESH !
NO ONE CARES ABOUT THE PAY ANYMORE
We aren’t BURNT OUT EMPLOYERS ESPECIALLY IN EDUCATION DO NOT APPRECIATE US!
Businesses DO NOT RESPECT US
It’s called WE FOUND OUR WORTH !
ITS CALLED MANDATE
Because I am NOT getting vaccinated THATS WHY! So now I am going to step out on faith and BUILD MY parent coaching business !
Our response to the pandemic is worse than the pandemic period.
We can stop this ba at 1:30! Nobody quit their jobs to pursue so imaginary dreams. Folks quit their jobs because of the mandatory vaccination. Now they may bring that up later, but just due to the fact that this started off with that bs you get a thumbs down and I’m nit wasting my precious life watching anymore of it. You all really tried it!
Fuq you 60 minutes. This entire piece is the equivalent of asking white peoples what they think of not being segregated. Ask the WORKERS. They are who are QUITTING, the bosses and owners have no fugging clue
If Jamaicans get to  visit/work in America  this is solved....... We juice the clock in America lol
too many ways to get money and jobs dont appreciate the work you do and they under pay you
Yes the new normal!
Hiding the dislikes YouTube? Use this as the dislike button.
"Hiring for entry level job today!" "Must have 10-15 years experience and 5 certifications from 5 different countries" "$10.00/hour with future growth to $12.00 if you prove yourself in 5 years!" "Must be able to stand for 12 hours straight and any vacation or sick request will be half an occurrence"  No one applies  "OH MAN, these unemployed lazy people just DON'T want to work anymore!"
Because they don’t want to take experimental pharmaceuticals over a virus with a 99.8+ percent survival and recovery rate?
Youngbo love and music..
Lack of respect, overworked, underpaid, stressed. Employees finally realize they are worth more than what corporations think they are worth. Employees finally see that their employer doesn’t care about them, it’s all about more money every year for corporations.
Say what is really is Biden giving free money, vaccine mandates.
Pay a living wage. You’ll find workers.
I got plenty!
Nice job making small local restaurants and businesses closed because you decided to quit.  Selfish, self-centered, because you are getting paid by our government without working.  Go jump off the bridge.
Because they don’t want to be controlled by Biden the government or anyone else they are tired of being told what they can and can’t do but wait you have to take the shot or you can’t work
Opt out of Slavery!
This is happening because we are “humans” not robots!
lololol almost 15 mins of “journalism” avoiding that the national minimum wage hasn’t been raised in decades despite record profits, good job 60 minutes lmaoooo
Onlyfans is to blame🤣🤣
How do people afford this?
When the government pays better to stay home, why would you work?  Get ready for the great depression 2.0
Because people are realizing there worth more than $9.25 an hour or $10.00 an hour minimum wage hasn't been raised in over 20 years business can afford to raise there pay but they don't there greedy good ridden to greedy business
Quit? More like forced to quit, resign, or be fired for not being vaxxed.
I hate how they're saying it's the employees fault, when in reality people don't want to work because of the disrespect, low pay, and almost no good benefits that these employers claim don't do
No one talked about how fulfilling it felt walking out on that last day lol
another words no one wants to work with the public..says alot about our culture.....CODING!!!!!!!!! IS GOLD
capitalism!
A great man named Cartman said a very long time, “They took our jobs!”
Maybe the vaccine mandates have something to do with it.
Very simple Borders are closed The vacancies used to be filled by  Foreign students  South american immigrants And others from other countries such as india , african nations and Europe
Because there's a lack of basic human rights?  LOL.
Vaccine mandates. That's why. Involuntary slavery is illegal.
Just noticed that most of the successful blacks on this video don't seem very oppressed to me. I think its hard work and effort that got them where they are today. I love this country.
WHY DID YOU SHOW TRUMP when BIDEN has been President for a year!
WORKERS MOVING TO RED STATES?
The workers have been getting paid by the GOVERNMENT so why work?
Sign your life away bonus.
Biden scares us to death!
AMERICA is going down the drain!
Hiring for $13-15 an hr F off!
Must be nice to just stop going into work to live off husband's salary
Notice they're all leaving terribly run liberal cities where the homeless are worshipped and crimes are not punished
I recently worked at Ralph Lauren. Store 464 grapevine Texas. I was let go due to the fact that managers Jonathan and Kylie at store 464 grapevine Texas do not know how to use a person and they don't care. There were people coworkers who did not want to work the cash wrap, there were people who didn't want to work kids or the women's or the man and I was one of those people who did not want to work in the man. Jonathan and Kylie at store 464 grapevine Texas don't see a person as a person and who they are on the inside. They think that this is the matrix and we're not living in The matrix. I applied at other places where I want to work and do what I want to do because it's about me. I have an interview at a luxury department store and I was hired immediately on the spot and was told that I will be working in the men's department and I said no. I do not want to work in the man's. My new manager said well where would you like to work and I said I want to work in the women's department. I understand women more than I do another man and she said you got it. When can you start. Ralph Lauren celebrates pride month but when it comes to celebrating who a person is and where they fit in and where they can do the most good Jonathan and Kylie at store 464 grapevine Texas have no clue. They don't even know Ralph's middle name or his last name for that matter. They know nothing about the brand or the business. No one a person is a key. If you're only looking to hire a body then why do you interview them? Are we just a name and the social security number with availability?
Stop moving to South Florida ! We are packed already !
Tired of the BS . I'm tired of doing everybody else job while they lolly gag,get away with it. My body doesn't hurt any more
Florida is getting crazy. Renting a room is becoming the norm with all these prices smh
Because the 400 years is over.
Where we used to work people started quitting when the company started mandating the shot.
I'm confused why people here are shocked that people are quitting their jobs all around the same time,,, it's because the president is Forcing a mandate to get a vaccine against your will or you loose your job as a hard working American. Very simple... If you dont realize what's going on then look around.  I'm just wondering how All of these people are paying their bills? How do all of these people have the luxury to just not work
The worker has always held the pen.. they just forgot how power they really are!!
Communists have been in charge for a year. Time for them to go to GITMO. Along with the MSM!!!
Jab or job which do you choose
The pay too low and make workers work twice or three times of the pay..
People don’t want to get juices to keep their jobs.
Upside down Christmas tree pay scales , and payed time off aka PTO is another scam , instead of vacation time - sick time and holiday pay
If im going to work this hard and still be broke .... i might as well work for myself!! And I do and I will never work for a company again!
I am happy you voted for demokrats now you getting the punisment !!!
Because they have sings out doest mean they are actually happening.  60 minutes  are crooks with ties to Soros.  All those empty jobs are for all the illegal immigrants that are not required the jab. Think about it.
Quitting or been sacked?
Maybe it's because their forced to take the jab?
Have a spouse or children & this take this job and is not even in the realm possibilities,,,,  government handouts will end and people will be hungry,, need shelter, fuel, lights, gas, etc... living for the moment is not living to raise a family ,, own a home!!!   it used to be called being responsible...  now most pushing for entitlements  ....  life doesn't work that way nothing is free  some where some someone is footing the bill!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The problem is that the. Workers.are tired. Of making investors. More in a weak .than they do in a year
Eventually we can all quit our jobs and walk around naked homeless and and starve to death …. because nobody will  be producing anything. If everyone keeps getting inspired to work from home or not go to their job who are going to make the products that we need the food that we eat The houses that we live in the cars that we drive etc. etc.
I am curious... They said that 'The revenue went up... the job is there... we cannot find people'. They did not say anything about Salaries or pay for those people going up, only 'revenue'. This is possibly the answer - pay people more if you want to keep them.
Don't forget - immigrant and foreign worker numbers are way down as well.  For H-1B visas, there has been a 9% drop between 2020 and 2021, and 17% since 2019.  That is a huge number of people not taking seasonal farm and service work, and other work like high-tech .
Because you get paid more to sit around then work maybe
Thanks to Covid I’m permanently remote. Love working from home. Could have been doing this for the past decade.
Employers need to give better benefits cuz with out them they would not be making money for profit. This needed to happen
the rich are investing in technology to ensure that the middle class and poor won't have jobs. So the whole system is rigged the only way to live is on credit and credit keeps you poor so why does it matter if you try to work hard or try to seek more education you're going to be more in debt. What is the point what are we chasing. Might as well have some camping gear and go out into the woods and disappear...
Lol Now I know where not to move too  I wanna stay away from where there’s most ppl
Why be loyal to ANY employer? They do not care about you. They care about profit, that's all. If you have an opportunity to start your own business do it and make your own money.
Linked in is a piece of crap algorithm that reduces options for anyone over 40.   And the scams are insane
Cost of living is so high that low income positions aren't an option anymore
3-2-1….que the foreign undocumented worker surge coming soon.  Not long after companies will be slashing wages to floor.  Just watch!
Social media is one that cause people quit their job it is so easy now to make money using social media ✌️
Democrats have built a society/Generations of people that feel like they should just be given everything
Why would I keep working if I can’t pay my bills and keep falling deeper and deeper into debt? Even working 60+ hrs a week.
How long do they think that $1400 lasted??? 2 years? Do people really believe people can live on $300 a week and be living so high on the hog that they don't go back to work? Come on...that is utter BS.
"Bla bla bla bla" That's what I heard watching the interviews. A bunch of corporates who probably weren't used to work hard irl and now they blame eveything and everyone else instead of themselves. The real workers have reached the burnout like way before the virus kicked in. I'm writing it after having worked a 36 hours-long shift with some sleep inbetween.  I recently watched an anime called "Sunny Boy" and there's an episode where there're people building a tower that lead to nowhere, actually they're working in the opposite direction since 1000+ years and still they do that, they don't ask themselves what's wrong or right. That's what the job market is right now, that's what companies pretend and request from their workers, that's what most of interviews are all about. It's sick. I've been saving money over the last years and my goal is to retire at 40-45 maybe, meanwhile working gradually part-time, less and till I'll reach my minimal goal as savings. I don't want to waste my life for someone who see me only as a number.
If your not happy at your job, then open your own business. Stop blaming others if your not happy where your at in life.
Here is why people quit. They are sick and tired of CEO's earning 3000 and 5000 times more than they workers, yet they do nothing just owning the title CEO. Take a look at a CEO's life for one week then you see they just slacking off. NO work. Easy money. The only reason they have those titles because of who they know. People do the work for them. If a CEO would have to work an honest day they would die.  Reason: Greedy Wall Street fat cats and investors. CEO's make  $20 -$30- $80, million / year, and the irony is it is not enough for them. They say no Truck drivers? In the 1980's a Trucker could make $80-100K a year now in 2022 it is $48K/year. Yet prices are a lot higher than in the 1980's.  Go figure. Working Americans finally waking up and tired of the exploitation by the top 1%. Americans living standard fell off the cliff in the last 40 years. While in other nations working class people living the good life and appreciated, America is becoming a third world nation. Thank to the corrupted politicians who allowed Corporations to sell out America to cheap Chinese labor.  Greedy  Corporations  like Nike, Apple, Microsoft, and too many to list CEO's  laughing all the way to the bank while Americans suffer.
Wages, wages, wages.  And a regular schedule. Hard to budget and plan when you are making 15.00 per hour with an erratic schedule. Morale is low. Hard to work for a company that does not value you enough to pay decent and treat you with respect. Yes, we are burnt. And tired. And fed up.
They are fake benefits, we want a living age , companies do not live without people. Give us a living WAGE!
As a parent of 2 little kids I can say pandemic has got us the most.
Don't be daft, the only reason for this problem is the mandate. GG on the propaganda though.
Because America is a failed nation. The people in power have failed their own citizens for their own personal wealth gain.   We the people have failed to make that more perfect UNION. Union, means for all to benefit not just a few.
It has always required grassroots action to bring the capitalist class to heel. For decades people have convinced themselves they can just vote their way out of rampant class inequality in the next election. Now, we're realizing we can discipline corporations the same way corporations can discipline workers- and that they need us more than we need them. This is what happens when you let the system get so out of balance people are fed up.
Plus, most people came to a realization that they’re worth more then a paycheck, while some of these dumb politicians have 0 education and 0 degrees.
Probably because they didn’t get a masters degree in information technology, education & legal studies to work in a restaurant for $2.45 an hour.
Always gotta push that BS single mother drama.... poor women.
As the meme goes...  2000: "Go to college or you'll be flipping burgers."  2008: "What do you mean you can't find a job? Is flipping burgers too good for you?" 2016: "You want $15/hr for flipping burgers? Millennials are so entitled!" 2021: "Why does no-one want to flip burgers anymore?"
Because joke Biden and the communist left are paying them not to work.
If there is a vaccine mandate as a requirement for a “job”, then depending on your sensibilities or belief systems, you will leave that job alone. As far as the govt benefits goes, the whole point of this pandemic was to introduce a socialistic mindset. Everyone is in this together etc… the mother’s of young children had the privilege of having a man to take care of the fiscal responsibilities, so they can possibly stay out of the workforce indefinitely. Remote jobs also fulfill the agenda of keeping you inside. It’s all an agenda, led by people with whom, will remain anonymous.
Wow!  "'absolutely no office can offer me what I have in my house" amazing
Got a yearly raise months ago 1% … I’m currently making less than I was before when I first got hired getting paid commission and salary.. some of my clients had a bump in their service so I. Supposed to be getting paid more through a percentage doing residential and commercial pest control working from 7am-5pm till I get home still not making ends meet sometimes my clients tip me well. mind you I just had a newborn, barely scraping by when the cost of living has gone up including my rent. Currently fingers crossed I get a new job one of my clients referred me too.
Actually the higher the pay the more toxic bosses will abuse and mistreat you.. People are ok with abuse as long as the pay is good.. The management knows you ain’t goin nowhere..
Good thing YouTube hid dislikes for “small creators” and not to protect wildly out of touch media, politicians, and corporations.  I’m sure that’s why they did it.  (Obligatory sarcasm disclaimer)
My last permanent employer the company leaders were bullies and I had not ever seen that in my life I left no time for that craziness and it was a DME company.  I had never heard of them but after 3 months I was done.
And healthcare workers being treated so horrible
The reason why is because we refuse to one drink the kool-aid and we don’t want to put that poison in our bodies
It's happening in China too. This is a good thing. It's forcing companies to progress or fall behind.
not rocket science ..the lazy ...mentally underpowered ..feckless and those destined for prison and lives of predation and violent reverie are being enabled coddled and euphemized as angelic  put upon apparitions by those equally endowed ...duh.
No job can offer her what she has....I feel that! Good segment. I'm next.
Good job 60 minutes, by only interviewing people who own businesses and neglecting to interview an actual independent person who decided to leave their job.  Point blank, people no longer feel the need to put up with toxic companies that belittles them, pay low wages, and expect employees to show loyalty to a company that would at a drop of a hat fire them if it meant making more money.
Americans aren't just burned out. They're underpaid and undervalued. A "pay raise" is NOTHING, PEANUTS, compared to execs who don't even deserve half of what they make. They ride on our backs and take all the credit. And that's coming from someone working 26 years in a business and IT role. We do all the work, make all the milestones and deliver. But we get paid 5-10% what the "execs" make! It's BS!!!!!
I wasn’t  going to comment on this, but I have to say I LOVE the fact that people of color are the interviewees. 😁
When employers treat their employees like crap they quit! It's that simple! Believe me if someone is getting paid 18 dollars an hour for a job that was only paying 10 dollars an hour a couple of years ago that person is doing the job of 3 people!
Because all Big mouth media
Sounds like an entitled woman at 9 mins. Reminds me of Kamala worthless woman
I am SURE that you will get the TRUTH from 60 min
Watching this job shyt go down the drain
Teachers are quitting. People are leaving education and young people are not going into education.
There is no benefits. Until you work & put money in the Capitalists pocket Capitalist deducts from your pay check for benefits which doesn’t pay your medical needs
D-i-s-l-ike - Great Resignation.
People have realized they work @ jobs they hate with low wages. People have put family 1st. Also the only 1s getting rich r companies.  People work their whole lives & have very little or struggling  while ceo's get richer.
Companies ? Own by evil Capitalist looking  for slaves
They are quitting because Capitalist abusing them.
5:29 what’s bad about getting paid to exist? why do people need to work endless shifts just to be able to afford basic necessities that are ESSENTIAL to living?? why should people give away their free time, health, etc. to have access to things without which it’s IMPOSSIBLE to live??? the us is a weird and vile country.
This is corporate propaganda and doesn’t address a single element to the socio-economic inequalities that the pandemic highlighted. People are not leaving for fulfillment, they’re barely able to afford their basic needs!!
america’s capitalism is modern day slavery. i’m glad more people are realizing this
Great job missing the entire point and being grossly disconnected from the actual people doing the living working and dieing in this country.  This video is frustrating don't bother watching it I will sum it up. You don't matter, get back to work.
Wow... people from poor countries can come and fill them
Based on this video, you could assume that 90% of the people in this country are African American  (whereas the real figure is 10%). This is how insanely woke mainstream media have become.
Maybe it's bc of you people inflating covid not the people who don't want the jab
i tried to get out into the working world  i have been a housewife for more than ten plus years and i thought that a double income would help out my family and mean more income especially when the cost of everything was going up. and i thought that if i worked there would be double income for my family. here is what i found out: many coworkers will NOT help you learn the work or the tasks, you've got to rack your brain and learn it on your own, they set you up to fail, they won't include you to go to lunch with them( i didn't really care for this one because i am a vegetarian) anyways, they talk behind your back when you don't include them in a conversation, if you are lucky, you might be able to find one coworker who is a little bit friendly to you, but be very careful with this one, if it is the opposite gender, then they might start rumors and gossip that you are having a "thing" with the person, especially if you don't have a wedding band on your finger. or, if it is a person of the same gender, then they might start rumors and gossip that you might not be a straight person, (all of this, is of course none of their business, but they like to stir up trouble)... i did three contract positions and i found it to be cut throat like this. people making up stories about each other, people back stabbing each other, people trampling on each other... i actually was so glad and relieved when each of my contracts ended. i did make some money, but in the end, i felt that it was not at all worth all this.
You should believe in a ruling class. You should rent and not buy.
She worked for the federal reserve...  no credibility
Lol generous benefits 😂😂😂 what are you talking about. Y’all barely gave money to Americans
This is not going to end well for employees. You just wait. AI , is coming. Don’t be surprised when you cannot work!!!!😎😎😎😎😎😎
The reason people are quitting their jobs is. The Democrats love giving bums free money. Would you work
I maybe missing out. My life has only changed by getting busier since covid. We never stopped and now are trying to produce more with less people. We are the highest paid company with the best best benefit package in our county. We still struggle to get enough employees. We were over 800 pre covid. Dropped to mid 600 during the peak and have struggled our way back to being over 700. Luckily we are drawing people from surrounding county's with our pay and benefits package but still have trouble getting what we need to provide relief for the crew we have. Running a lot of OT to meet customer demand. The money is great but it would be nice if we had more people to divide the workload. It's been a learning experience for sure.
No workers? No problem ..Biden will save the day by ALLOWING millions of low paid illegal immigrants into the USA to take advantage of. It's coming..I'm calling it. No documentation needed for them to take these jobs...more income tax revenue and purchased votes for the leftist man...FJB
Do the data tell you why? Or does it? Great he got a job foo!
Sometimes I think the reason there's so many homeless is because people would literally rather live on the street and beg than work for these companies and worry about bills traffic stress cramped apartments etc humans just aren't designed to live that way really
BECAUSE THESE COMPANIES ARE ONLY HIRING PART-TIME INSTEAD OF FULL. AND THEY COMPLAIN HOW NOBODY WANNA WORK FOR THEM. ALSO, THERE HAS BEEN LOTS OF CRIMINALS KILLING FRONT OF THE HOUSE WORKERS. WHO WOULD WANT TO RISK THEIR LIFE ON MINIMUM WAGE???? DONT EVEN GET ME STARTED WITH THE RUDE CUSTOMERS
Why 20M people quit??? Duh..forced vaccines and idiot mandates that infringe on our constitutional liberties maybe?? Don't need a 1 hour video to answer that one Einstein..
I think this is how it always should be. This is what Marx dreamt of.
I applied to four different jobs in the fall while I was completing my clinical teaching. None of those companies wanted to hire me solely because I couldn’t commit to 10-12 hour shifts. Talk about how companies want their employees to sell your soul to them rather than people quitting..
"We doubled our revenue. It's a worker problem." 🤔
Well G couldnt be that ppl were being paid to stay home or the forcing of the  illegal experimental needle to keep a job
I am not working unless I am hired to be the CEO.  I have the credentials and will accept a modest salary.
Better pay more you pay for food the price are going up so what is she talking about
I got my hospitality degree from sjsu with a minor in business. It takes a lot of skill and tolerance that people do not understand to specialize on how to handle grievances and other situations. Many “customers” feel entitled to harsh treatment of employees that are there to try to provide the best experience and yet are the same ones that get hit the hardest. Imagine if people on the job said you know what,Your right! I’m tired of this, rather quit and not have to deal with drama and get unemployment while I find a less “personable” job. Hope you all have fun dealing with sub par customer service with your entitled Karen attitudes.
People understand their value now. The gig is up. All matters of slavery is over. A beautiful day on earth is fastly approaching.
Corporations have killed the labor unions! And the work environment has deteriorated. So this is what you get! Low wages and crappy work/life balance. Something has to give!
As if the current economic & job COLLAPSE isn't enuf, now ppl are being ENCOURAGED to complain?
Could it be FORCED LIABLEFREE XPRMNTS❓🤔
lol they really missed the actual problem. It's the lack of pay, being overworked, toxic work environments. Some real shitheads out there are actively trying to avoid the issue. We'll see how long they last.
gawd...instead of finding out how horrendous most jobs, especially retail and hospitality, are they went to linkedin...lol. These people are so far removed from reality.
LOL.  You want to go for a walk.  Sure I don't have anything else to do. Too funny.
Very good.
This popped up on autoplay while.i was in the shower.  I listened to five minutes and heard information that was skewed to spread disinformation.  This is why nobody believes mainstream media anymore, especially this program.
It looks like people during lockdowns had the opportunity to rethink their goals and put themselves in the track they desired instead of leaving so call rat life- non stop on the run.
Me and my friends have had a really hard time looking for a job, so when I hear there are so many jobs available—where??? None want to hire us!
The "trend" is not just the resignation, but also women reassuming the traditional gender roles that they have been fighting against for years, Interesting to see how changes in working reality mold women's roles back and forth while the careers of men always remain.
Its lies.
This story is missing 2 important points: many quit their job due to medical mandates.  Also, how are so many people affording to live without jobs?  I wish these 2 obvious points would have been addressed.
Most people that I know who quit are those position which required vaccines .
*every business its a corporate treat their employees like trash, business run by owner get a little better treatment*
They also dont talk about taxes. In California, working as an engineer, you make 90k, but after taxes, you have only 50k. In Texas, for the same job, you'll make 85k, but you'll still have about 72k after taxes. The cost of living is lower, there is more space, etc. People are not fools.
I love the guy who said: "It's a WORKER problem." This people don't realize It's their way of treating employees. You see dedicated people working for years who when they thought they got work security were fired for trivial reasons. People realizing they have talents. 🤧 kinda payback time.
Hospitality especially Hotels and Retail why you might ask, because when covid came these industry these business just dumped their employees showing their employees whats their worth to them was, which was nothing. So why would you return to these companies who treated their employee  as instant cost savings
Im a truck driver…and i think this is one of the most disrespected industries….you risk your life everyday and the life of others every time you drive that truck!!….and now your freedom when they handing out 10 year sentences for and accident!….your always away from home!…..and the pay is really disrespectful!!!….when you get to a shipper or receiver after driving for hours they treat you like SHI&!!!!!!….like we dont have enough stress already!!!!…..and even though they keep announcing…..there is a truck shortage!!…….the pay is still the same!!!!!……they have not increase!!!!!…..the trucking industry is a JOKE!!!…..but i also put some of thar blame on truckers for not shutting the trucking industry down and not going on a countrywide STrIKE!!!….i feel like most of them are MASOKiST!!…with not guts!!!
Glad this is happening…. Employers don’t care about us…. I have worked this whole pandemic I never got unemployment…. Got one bonus and they taxed the crap out of it…. I don’t get mad at long waits when I go out… it is what it is 💯
Everything is relative. In Japan, they work 6 days a week - sometimes 7 - and 12-14 hours each day. Japanese would consider America's work schedule a breeze.
No mention that workers aren’t willing to return to jobs that don’t pay living wages. Also, enhanced unemployment benefits ran out over a year ago and they made a point to cite this talking point. Why not a report on why jobs won’t raise workers wages?
No one is getting extra Covid unemployment benefits anymore. Also, is anyone gonna talk about Covid and how people in the industries most exposed to it don't want those jobs anymore?
Wildly irresponsible reporting. How did you not talk to more people who actually resigned. No one wants to hear from frustrated business owners.
As a business owner, there is no doubt that labor, workers, are by far the most valuable asset I have ever had.  Women?  Not a right attacker, am I right? Yes.  But do I need my wife and women? Yes.  Without them you are foolish.  Togetherness.  Go figure
The management treats people poorly, and the customers come in and give the workers trouble. Why should people take this?
American employees  are overworked  like robots compared to other parts of the world.
Moronic variant, perhaps? 😂
Because social programs pay you to stay at home. A woman with kids can make more money staying at home than working.
Go to work now and excel now. Leave the slackers behind.
People are leaving blue states for Republican states!!!
With 1500 a day dieing from the virus , what good is money when your in the 🪦 grave
This is what happens when you preach victomhood and not personal responsibility.
Because they are tired of struggling to make ends meet while these big corporations are making record profits.
Most of the people I know quitting in the last two years did it so they could apply for more government benefits.
What do all the people who quit their jobs do about having health insurance? Could this lease to millions of Americans having no health insurance?
Sad
Because govt gives them money to stay home !!!! No need to look deeper into it
One: we are not being paid living wages. Two: we are often overworked and constantly expected to do the job of 2-3 people while only being compensated (typically underpaid) for one job. Three: we don’t have good benefits. My deductible on my so called health insurance is $2,000 and I barely make $2k a month. All the while having a master degree and owing $48k + in student loan debt! My job only pays $40k a year which after taxes it’s $31.5k a year … Uncle Sam is taking 20% to 25% of your income! And what do you get in return?!
I’m not racist but it seems like this show was all about black ppl.  Other than the lady with the mustache introducing the show, everyone else was black.  That’s the new American TV standard. SMH.   Making whites a minority
Your lucky I even worked for you corporate hoes. You make merchandise of fools, pimping them out on YouTube now.
What about companies forcing vacks on people to keep a job or for them to find a new one!?
You apply for the jobs and then they over look you by telling you they moved on to the next candidate.. but they are actively hiring xD
People found other job.
Feels great to control your own destiny. Making pennies on a dollar, now its dollar for dollar.
Anyone want to hire me?
"There is no office that can offer me what I have in my house"  She was totally right in that statement!
People have had to work since the dawn of time. Your heart sing? Thats just ridiculous.
Robots going to soon replace a lot of jobs anyway
You really cant be this ignorant,  cognitive dissonance is bigger than covid
Lies. 60 minutes is fake news people and if you listen to them your a fool
It’s a worker problem, so let’s not speak to workers
Old 20th century models of business are dying.
I would love to go there to do some of those works
Quiting a job is an easier choice for married women.
Oh it's not just the benefits? Duh. The unions are shot, this is the outcome. Workers want things in the states which are basic in Europe like healthcare and a months vacation
Because America is a scam
american dream died 70 yrs ago, whats horrible is that on a global scale america is still the best crap hole to be in on this planet
Poor pay;
Fake news
Stop hurting American people. God is watching. And he are going to get u.
God is going to get you whitehouse.
To the government do right by the American people now. Now send those checks out now.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!’Liars
There’s no more benefits as of now. So stop lithe lies. Y’all crooks took back the people money . And Americans have been scared straight!!!!!!
COVID that’s why. Y’all already know. Liars God is going to get you.
Yeah after you put an epedemic   On the earth what do u expect. Liars
The Government are liars
It’s the shot , if u don’t get it you get fired. The Government is Evil & God is going to get you!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't be surprised you turds.....ppl are NOT quitting cause of viruses. They're quitting bc of these mandates. They're quitting for being mistreated for so long. You really think Florida is more affordable?? Ha! Its bc of freedom ppl are moving.  Its not affordable any where cause of biden.  Tell the truth
I'm going to be 60 this coming July 2022 and I plan to work until 75-80.  A man needs to work as long as possible.
choosing? really? what about no vaccine no work?
Because we are exhausted and it’s not Covid-19…….
BESIDES VACCINE  THE LIES THE LEFT ARE RESPONSIBLE TRAITORS
After 25 yrs as a customer service agent for different companies! Last pay was $33 an hr with full benefits, 401k and pension with att after 10 yrs! I let it go in 2009! You all barely waking up now with pandemic! I woke up back then! Now I’m involved in a health and wellness global business from Osaka Japan 🇯🇵, and I earn anywhere from $285 a day to $2000+ per day 7 days! Been doing this since 2009 to now 2022! Life is great! Zero debt zero vaccines zero bosses zero traffic zero dress code
It’s to late! Nobody wants to work for others anymore! You all should have thought about all this before 😂😂😂
We have no disposable income, can't afford housing. Pay people more! Do something to lower housing prices. Get money out of politics that stops regulation of these corporate monsters.
At my first job they upped hour hours to 12 hours per day and 8 on Saturdays and they had also upped hour hourly quota. I wouldn’t get promoted to supervisor because I was responsible for 1/3 of the floors production yet I had to train all the new guys on all the machines and even the new coming and going supervisors that never did anything but play on their phone at the office with AC all confortable while I ran the people of the floor.   I started taking whole weeks off at a time going well beyond the 8 points towards getting fired. The supervisors had to actually work and started getting yelled at by the higher ups because they kept screwing up. Did that for about a year and never got fired. One day after taking a week off I realized that I could do better and finally quit.   I walked in and was immediately ordered to get to work but I just went straight to HR to present my resignation and all of the head honchos, big and small, got called in. I got offered a raise and more flexible hours but I was done.  Took a 2 month vacation in Mexico because I was seriously burnt out. Bye bye 1/3 of all production plus 3 members of my team also quit shortly after because the stressed bosses had to actually work and got all pissy on everyone. I also heard that some time after they raised the salary and cut the hours to just 53 hours per week which is still a lot in my opinion.
I can make more in a month trading options and crypto in this Clown Market than I could've ever make working for some Boomer who's completely disconnected from the realities of 2022. This isn't just quitting, this is a generational declaration of war. The old must go now, it's ashes will fertilize the new.
I mean she can't be that that naive really I mean come on it's obvious isn't it
Yeah we're hiring help wanted get vaccinated wait two weeks get sick get tested weekly or you're fired that's why people ain't working
Only paper-pushing busybody solipsistic fools think everyone can simply work in the virtual world.
I’m sure they wouldn’t have as many issues if they gave proper pay to workers.
Why is no one discussing the elephant in the room?? For many of these workers, they were given no choice. Vax or lose your job.
I started working from home 2 years ago and I'll never go back to bedside nursing. Best decision I made in my life.
Not all employers are offering better pay, especially in rural America.
About time ,the americans get very poor remuneration for huge effort, hardly any sick leave or hollidays, its actually a disgrace, I dont blame them.
13:06 with my company what offered in usual occies but not from your own home, your home away from in office guaranteed by whatever ethical means necessary, even as fun as working for google or apple,etc even my company will have both online and in workplace jobs, thus more employee and more payments for the people and more business opportunities fir everyone( Espically as my research and products made from will give more then enough pay to me but to all employees most of all!!
Vax related??
Because they're all Spoiled, Rotten brats.   That's why.
There's no "Worker" shortage.  There's "Good Wage" shortage and "Healthy Work Environment" shortage and "Respectful Employer" shortage.
Eat $hit 60 min, It's called The Great Resignation not the big quit. How about highlighting WHY people are leaving not how is affecting employers. Maybe if they had better wages, benefits, and WAGES no one would leave
How many Linked in Employees Quit . That's the ❓⁉️
Where they going 😂😂 I’m confused on how bills are going to get paid
I was let go by a company who liked to say "were family".. 3 months later.. another firm aggressively marketed to me.  I work way less hours, they always give me time off to do events with my kids (school events always seem to be middle of the day) and I'm making 58.75% more.  Accounting background.. yeah, I did the math.  Lol
This is false news. there are thousands of people who have submitted hundreds of resumes to companies...and zero call backs. These employers are forcing staff to work triple time with no increase of wage. It's a game to increase prices while keeping wages low. Don't be fooled.
https://youtu.be/NmJx0YxYSgg
I guess they didn't want to deal with the big elephant 🐘 in room why people left their jobs... 💉. Carry on though....
People are quitting because of force vaccination
It's free money That's Y..
People are tired of being slaves!
What about respect
LinkedIn has no idea as they are locking out accounts for republicans and freedom lovers and right to not vax.
Employees are like "im going to make a run for it" if you know what .
$. Simple and plain. You know how many waitresses transitioned to only fans? Not bc they like doing adult entertainment. It pays more. If fast food paid $30 an hr so many people would jump on it. Construction pays $9-12 where i lived. The work to wage ratio is way off.  Until they mandate wages coincide with inflation people are going to continue monkey branching, especially with stupid 'at will' laws.
Wow, reading these comments, I never knew why.  Ive had my job for 15 years with no problems. So this is really about Americans having enough is enough?
We need better or more Unions. Corporate is getting ridiculous.
I’m a musician. I can’t get a job.
What happened to blaming Mexicans for job shortages?? Now people dont want to work?
Its wall street shutting down our economy
Wall street is buying up homes in these areas. People will move. They need money. You need us to survive. You drive up the price on everything you will lose
Because dems are paying them to do nothing.
Even with a job, they still fall into poverty. Too much money concentrated in the hands of too few.
Given minimum wage will be just 4 dollars below what someone working an entry level IT job made just a few years ago it makes sense. No one likes their skill sets being devalued while having their jobs hybridized to include functions of eliminated positions not in their field of study.  Best way perhaps is to provide a piece of the business. Stock options for instance.
All done by design! Be not deceived
I live in Greenville, SC!  Everyone please stop moving here! Thank you! Lol
That's  not the real answer ,   In USA  the younger generation is shrinking and new  generation is  looking   jobs in the highest paying sector. Most of the  blue collar workers retiring  and covid was  an excuse .  Besides that it is the neglected community the blue collar workers who just working for paying tax and mortgage , they need a break, they want to get out from expensive cities to cheapest cities . Also years of stupid  politicians did  little like tax break  or other incentives for parents who have children..... for example Germany giving lot of incentives to parents who have children..... now they realized  the danger of not having children.
Lets do this!!! The new Generation of Americans are starting to take charge - Boomers old ways are out!!
No daycare!!! 👋
Older people are retiring
That why some people are running ads in local groups that they hire inligals and pay then up to 24 dollars an hour when my wife work for 30 years and still make 18 dollars an hour
Profits are up 400% this year!!! But its not in the budget for a .10 an hour raise and your health care is going up.  Seriously, a lot of jobs are just not worth your time. They expect your soul for next to nothing.
Generous? No, these stimulus checks are just a drop in the  🪣 over the past 2 years!
My statement here is closer to correct than this ^ video. I'm glad people stopped working. •Keep being the LIARS that all of you are. *"God" clearly states that "" YOU - WICKED PEOPLE WILL RUN THE EARTH "". •••••Now it's over❕ _______ I stopped working a decade ago, took my life savings, downsized.  And I encourage others to stop if they can.  ....And stop being good "servants" for the wicked-evil-devils.....whom ROB you of almost half of your salary " for taxes ". Then... Send a nice amount of YOUR tax money ( BILLIONS ) to the wicked occupants "next door to palestine". ETC...ETC..
US decided to invest in corporations & Wall Street (eg. tax breaks; bailouts) and not into the American worker (eg. dismantling workers unions, less benefits) or Students & Teachers. Then had the audacity to think the Immigrant population would just pick up the slack as usual & take abuse, low wages, and more hours..all while telling them to stay out. Priorities are out of wack..and it shows
People know the end is nih ...
CBS is funded by Pfizer they know why this is happening
Because you can survive on welfare but not survive on minimum wages !
Put trades back in school's starting at age 9 & at 14-16 payed wages , stop playing with minimum wage, stop mistreating employees, stop over pricing housing, stop paying ppl to stay home, stop over charging for child care, stop over paying government workers who do nothing all day, too much red tape and paper work, over taxing, fair playing field people are tired of being used by the elite and the blood suckers
Eager to hire? Offer better pay and working conditions. Thats the reason people leaving hospitality and other sectors, which are traditionally low payment jobs. People might think, I dont need this hassle anymore.
Because Biden pay welfare so they will vote for him...
Hire me :)
That’s what happens when you have mandates on vaccines or lose your job
All these evil employers should just shut their businesses down so the workers can have a better life.  (Sarcasm)  Most business owners work way more than 40 hours a week, have all the risk of running the business, and saved and scrounged, and worked long hours in order to be able to start that business.  Yet, many seem to think anyone should be able to walk into that business, get a job, and make as much money as the person taking all the risks and working 80+ hours a week to keep the place going and everyone in a job.  Politicians (both sides) pretend to be for low and middle class, yet all laws regarding businesses they pass seem to support big business and strangle out small businesses, keeping low and middle class citizens from improving their economic situation while large businesses, and their politician investors, increase their wealth.
Most employers want to think that they can be able to treat their employees any kind of way just becasue they have been getting away with it for so long and employees are tired. It's going to be an employee market for a long time.
They are quitting because they were forced to work their when their original jobs stoped allowing them to work when the pandemic started…
Her degrees are just a piece of paper and don't guarantee anything it was her dedication and hard work is what paid off.
Hire from india
Business is too focused on profit they rarely look after good workers And good Customer service suffers and creates stress for those left on the floor.
The Greatest Depression in World History will soon be on us and then people will be killing each other for a job washing dishes.. and all those illegals flooding into the country?  They will be running out faster than they ran in.. for their lives..
Answer is easy they refuse to be injected with a bioweapon i guess you could say they value there life more than the job
Why don't you insist the employer to speak the truth behind all the quitting problems rather than creating another false illusion about the whole matter? Paideia
The 'pandemic' word did not appear til after the 8 minute mark.  To fix this, end all mandates, they are no longer needed, and they will come back to work.  Mess with them and the economy again, they will be gone again; they are more resilient now.
Doubled their revenue, huh?  Go figure.
Working mans a sucka watch the Bronx Tale lol
They are waiting for another hand out
For me I believe it's most of it is cause customer service has gotten worse. I worked in the hospitality and tourism industry and when I was let go during the start of the pandemic I realized I don't need to live in stressed from clients and customers. Now I have a temporary job where I'm working with a small team, pay is lower, but I don't have to talk to customers at all. Loving it.
People want a roof over their heads, and food in their bellies. People are not quitting their jobs on a whim. I don't believe a word that is being said in this video. Every thinking person knows why people, with no money, and no savings are quitting their jobs in droves. Don't look to the news for truth.
Liberals. That’s why.
Because it isn't worth the money to risk our lives. Why work to never get ahead and just scrape by from paycheck to paycheck?
"Doubled our Revenue"  with a grin. Bet he gave the employees a pizza Friday and is clueless why they are leaving. Employees aren't stupid, give  a pay bump where earned.
THE GREAT RESIGNATION LOL. Pay well or no work. Kroger 11.60 hour, eight billion in profits last year, Walmart 15 billion in profits last year and 13 bucks an hour, forget it! And if it's so bad why is she smiling?? Brain error or robot
Comments are more based than I expected. Love the worker solidarity here.
it's really hard. we can't find people to do all the work for little in return.
The great flip off ! 😁
This is great! This is AWESOME!
OH PLEASE!!!   That stimulus was just a little drop in the Pan. A drop in the ocean! Everyone in Canada got $2000 a month from the beginning of the pandemic they also had a choice of getting that amount in a lump sum or in monthly payments. The United States is not the greatest country in the world. They also have universal healthcare in Canada.
The problem is employers and a violent public...
WHY? GIVE THEM A "LIVING WAGE" $20.00 an hour.   Literally everything around us has gone up. Every single thing. Either the price is gone up or the product has shrunk for the same price  the same price.  Even so, people are continuing to pay only $10 an hour or 14.00 an hour.   So you're asking me to work Is one whole hour of hard labor just to buy a burrito in a drink.. Are you serious???  WE ARE ONE OF the worst countries in the world as far as taking care of our workers.   Now God forbid I have a medical expense. If I get a cough come up cough cough syrup is 16 to $18 a bottle. If I'm making $10 an hour, can't even afford cough syrup to go to work the next day.  YOU PEOPLE ARE IMPOSSIBLE!!!  And all the well paying jobs go to the white people and the Asians. Walk into any business anywhere and this anywhere and the management staff will be either white or Asian or Asian. The lower staff will be any other color.  PRIVILEGE.   So stop scratching your head and pay us what we EARN!
Do I have to point to the obvious. Maybe it was the vaccine mandates. Lol
Employers are not loyal. They’ll terminate you on the spot when they dont need you or to cut cost to increase profit margins. Yet we have to give them a two weeks notice before leaving but they don’t give us a two weeks notice before firing employees.   It’s about time they start realizing regular employees are the ones who earns them their 6 to 7 figure salary.   The average American can’t finance a house, pay the bills, living pay check to pay check. Long gone is the American DREAM. Why work for peanuts. Of course I’ll leave and not come back.
Not at all shocked
Got Covid, lost my job.  Now really just dont want to pay taxes anymore. Ya know?
Had a Chance to  Transfer, But Turned it Down,  When I Found What a Evil Dictator the Manager Was. I Told Him my Mother 👩Was Dying in the Hospital 🏥 But he Said he Didn't Care About My Mother, and there Would Be NO Time Off to See Her in Hospital.
None wants to pay taxes when they are clearly misused under this administration.is that what we call it?
Maybe. Big business 👩‍💼 big money for them but they. Don’t take care there employees what except when teach people like garbage
I turned down a job today because I could not have a mental health day to simply relax in the middle of the week.
VIRUS
ONE BIG REASON IS MOST EMPLOYERS ARE NOW REQUIRING A VACCINATION IN ORDER TO BE HIRED. CAN SOMEONE TELL ME LOGICALLY THE DIFFERENCE IT MAKES WHETHER YOU ARE VACCINATED OR NOT IF YOU YOU CATCH AND SPREAD IT REGARDLESS? IM HAPPY TO SEE PEOPLE FED UP WITH THE BS.
Is it at all possible that many big companies are downsizing and just push many employees to resign ( perhaps by scaring them with the prospect of being fired, which would look worse on their record) so they don't have to pay them unemployment?  Or is that just riduculous?
Didn’t even interview people who resigned because of what? Terrible pay and work conditions. Nice job catering to the corporate overlords 60 minutes.
Because people want safe workplaces away from unvaccinated a-holes.
Ask your self’s,how many people you know that quits their job,I don’t know anyone.
They need to lift immigration restrictions so people would be willing to come from areas that have high unemployments to work. The silly immigration laws are ridiculous….look at dreamers even here, no one would help them.
No it's your problem
Corporate Restaurant chains and privately owned restaurants are going to be feeling the brunt of this "Great resignation" Very soon.   Servers are overwhelmed because other servers are quiting because there is no incentive to stay. Texas is still paying servers 2.13 an hour and people are not tipping like they used to because of inflation and because more people are now saying they don't believe in tipping. People are very rude and disrespectful.Why would anyone want to take that with a smile and hope you leave a tip?
I believe the we are hiring is a big lie . They have we are hiring signs everywhere yet people apply they will not be hired either qualified or unqualified . These businesses are not hiring period.
Unpredictable school closings, limited daycare positions, employers not taking sanitary precautions to keep employees safe. More people are door dashing and driving Uber due to flexibility. It’s a different world than it used to be people have other options to make money 🤷🏽‍♀️
I think good loyal workers are hard to find. The danger is when the employers fails to recognize who is valuable and who isn't. I left a job of 26 yrs. It took 6 months & more pay to fill the position. That tells me my boss had his head under a rock. I love my new job and I should've left years ago.
The problem is this administration! President Biden and his team have not done a good job!  They have handled The pandemic poorly! It’s all a disaster it almost feels like they’re literally doing it on purpose! Inflation is higher than it’s ever been other countries think we’re weak because we have a week administration that does nothing.
Mainly due to Wanting their employees to run their entire business for petty cash why they make bank and sit the house day.. When you can't even live off 15 bucks an hour now!
Because of the Great Reset
Why is every single person in this segment black?  The workforce is made up of more than blacks.  And you wonder why ratings r dropping in record numbers.
Because the governments have robbed peoples life and savings through QE and inflation and then the proposed transfer to digital currency. So sod with it all..
When you work production job and then get hurt,  you are no longer one hundred percent.  The company treat you like trash . Production work will break you down. Production work is hard work .Where you are many times over work, and under payed. You can never compensate an individual, after a on the job injury, and really the companies don't care. In small rural areas there are not  enough good paying job for to support the communities and that's another issue that needs to be addressed.
“We’ve doubled our revenue”…no mention of doubling people’s wages….Gee i wonder whats happening here…
I dont understand, so this people working low paying jobs werent doing it cause they needed to survive? Suddenly they quit and magically survived?
If you think people are not going back to work because they can get free money and don't have to pay their landlord or Mortgage. Then you a correct.  This is a fun spin on it. And I'm glad it's being spun this way. Hopefully this will cause Employers to actually take care of people. Especially at the large Corp lvl.
1. Toxic work environments. 2. Supervisors and managers with mental health issues and personality disorders. 3. Co-workers with mental health issues and personality disorders. 4. Abusive customer's & clients with mental health issues and personality disorders.  5. Managers, Supervisors & owners who don't protect their employees from abusive customers with mental health issues and personality disorders.
It’s a competitive market. Pay more. Cost of living is sky rocketing and wages are still stagnant.
I was the head of office services on my job for 23yrs. The pandemic hit and everyone worked remotely but I was asked to go in twice a week throughout the pandemic. the company actually grew during this time. The office reopened in September with an average of 6-8 employees showing up per day out of 300+. I wanted at the very least to continue going into the office once or twice a week and I was turned down by management. Why must I go in 5 days a week for 8 people? So I'm leaving the job and now we're relocating to Virginia and feeling very happy about doing so.
I have been looking for work now for the past 7 months I have 24 years experience in my related field and no one will hire me...no gaps in job history, plenty of references, so some just aren't hiring..
People realize they can make those salaries and more working for themselves.
IT'S BECAUSE YOU KEEP FORCING MANDATES... YOU PEOPLE DO NOT REPRESENT FREEDOM
Cooperate greed profits at all time highs. Employee wages at all time lows. USA IS GARBAGE BRUH.
Most Americans are lazy and dont wand to lift a muscle
I have an inkling, Force Vaccination or get Fired. Some say I'm a genius. I say I'm just grounded.
And people wonder why actual Lefties call for a Workers General Strike in the U.S. Just read all the comments. SMH #SOSUSA
The 'American Dream' has turned into a nightmare. No one wants to chase a nightmare.
The end of Capitalism
They didn't say much about the inflation elephant in the room.  I feel like people are finding more efficient ways to make more money because it's absolutely necessary after government stole Trillions of dollars from Americans through inflation.  That wasn't a one time theft like taxation,  it's perminant.  Prices of goods and services will never go down again.
Things were good when Trump was president. He got people hipped to work and love our country.
Only one reason, the Joe Rogan podcast.
Last year I worked three jobs at once no days off it wasn’t until I had to beg my main employer to put me on salary that I actually got enough to quit a job but it wasn’t enough my wife had to take on a job and we’re still getting by hopefully this year will be a lil more productive
"Why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs?"  Becuase these jobs exploit their workers for profit and the workers are fed up.  Next question.
Well if I get sick and have to stay at home my job will not pay me , my daughter works for Starbucks they pay there employees when they get sick for there mist schedule time while sick , that’s how it should be
Wait , didn’t Biden say that it’s unemployed numbers are the lowest? 😂
Wow I would do the same if I could
Working less for better pay and actually taking the holidays you are supposed to will help with a better mind set and work production. It seems to be that business had all the power, they could and would exploit it for their own gain, now the power is shifting for the workers and I hope they keep it that way. Out of everything that the pandemic did I think was make people realise what is actually precious to them. I think people are realising that you have the right to and are allowed have time off and enjoy family life.  I'm a solo trader that was working 7 days a week for 3 years, after we came out of our first lockdown I decided that I was only going to have the shop open 5 days, what really annoys me is that I'm doing better now and my sales have gone up, I should have done it sooner, I'm producing more and are happier.
Ppl are sick of working 60 -70 hrs a week just to get by. While the owners get rich and richer
Why are Americans getting fired in record numbers?  They won't allow the medical procedure.
not willing to participate in such a horrid bunch of people in office
They sold their positions in the stock market, and or bitcoin and are flush. No need to take employers b.s.
It’s hilarious because I’ve applied to 300 jobs since I graduated and have gotten a total of 6 interviews. I’ve held a couple positions but was let go from my last job. Now I’m looking once more but only hear back from less than 5% of all applications. I’d love to get in there and work but no one is offering me anything. B.S. in engineering!
Actually I'm looking for a job every day going on my soon to be third year  ..They say they're hiring but they're not .I look every day applying online going in person I'd say in the last six months I had one call back after applying to over 500 different places..  A friend of mine is having the same luck I'm actually living homeless now trying to stretch every penny I have with no government help of any kind Sub me
Well my wife was forced out of her job over the vaccine mandate. I vowed to pay as little in taxes as possible until I have a government that respects my values and beliefs, so I technically quit. Many people I spoke to are retiring early over the vaccine mandates.
because the gov is paying them more to stay home.   the more to rely on government the more Rights you lose.
Underpaid overworked made excuses by management quote due to the pandemic. Have wash management have my company purchase sports cars while they give us nickels and dimes for raises
We r forced to quit if we don't comply with mandates.  It's not voluntary.
HOW ARE PEOPLE PAYING THERE BILLS IF THEY QUITING THERE JOBS????
Healthcare is 8.2 %? Well, healthcare workers who fought the good fight on the first and second wave of the Cooth are being shown the door for not accepting a questionable shot. Then some of us wonder why as hospitals, who “shot” themselves in the foot, pun intended, are scrambling for healthcare workers? LMAO!🤔
Nihilism and pessimism.
How about asking actual people who quit and reasons why they quit? Workers problem? Not its a capitalism problem.
. The covid lockdowns and the battle over the vax mandates have perhaps distracted Americans from an even larger danger of financial instability. That fight is important and must continue, but stopping the mandates does not mean the overarching threat of economic chaos goes away, and both serve the interest of central bankers and globalists. Some of the key policies within the literature for the “Great Reset” and what the World Economic Forum calls “The 4th Industrial Revolution” includes Universal Basic Income (UBI), the “Sharing Economy” and eventually a global digital currency system using the IMF’s Special Drawing Rights basket as a foundation. Essentially, it would be a form of global technocratic communism, and if you enjoy individual freedom, being forced into total reliance on the government for your very survival does not sound appealing. To obtain such a system would require a catastrophe of epic proportions. The Covid pandemic gets the globalists part of the way there, but it’s obviously not enough. Covid has not convinced many hundreds of millions of people around the world to give up their freedoms for the sake of security. But maybe a stagflationary collapse will accomplish what Covid has not?
It's because people refuse to take the vaccine that they are fired they didn't quit , don't miss the elephant in the room
Look, it's really this simple. Until business owners, small or large, are willing to accept more moderate returns in their investment this trend will continue. Pay your people well. Provide benefits. Treat them well. Owners have been shafting us for hundreds of years because they want it all and right now. Well guess what, we ain't taking it anymore! Pay up or do it yourself! It's that simple. The gravy train is over.
I know one thing, especially in the state of the world as it is, they need to stop treating us like numbers and percentages and start treating us like quality human beings that we are and also start appreciating us for the work, Time, Blood, Sweat, tears, and time away from our families, that we all give. Regardless of how little some of us get paid. But still the appreciation lacks and we are treated as numbers and percentages. Like Solace robots that they wish we were. It truly sickens me every single day that I actually have to go to my job. I am employed but I don't necessarily like my job. I do what I have to, because I have to. If anything the great quit should be happening now, with all these crazy regulations that jobs are putting in place, and infringing on our personal rights. It literally says in the OSHA handbook that they are not allowed to implement any type of medical procedures including tests and whatnot, or to require them for employment. It goes against OSHA regulation. But yet they're quick to fire one of us who does something that goes against OSHA regulation. Or at the very least some type of punishment will occur. Double standards everywhere.
Because your employers are ripping off your employees at every opportunity. I wouldn't want to work in America either, the pay over there is crap, living conditions are crap, working conditions are crap. Our starting wage is about $21.50 plus we have what is called a living wage which is more and is optional for a business to pay. Shorter hours and longer weekends is also being discussed as a law in my country because it has shown to produce better results in the work place.
Well that's because we live in America not china, and nobody will force anyone to stick poison in their body..
Because the pandemic has helped people realize how short and fragile life is
Why is this VIDEO only displaying one ETHNIC GROUP ???!
Please loosen the visa Filipinos can filled it all up . I promise you (All of that vacant sectors )
I’m sorry but I’m not going to watch if I already know why...V laxines
People aren’t going back because employers are requiring people to get the jab and inflation!
I quit in July of last year best thing ever did my reality has changed for the better
These jobs never appreciated their employees
This is all the Democrats fault
doordash for life
How much is related to the high amounts of death from covid
So for your segment on workers, you interview 4 business owners and 1 worker that is employed by one of those business owners? This is like having a piece on teenagers and only interviewing their parents. This was straight up trash, lazy journalism with a clear bias towards corporations.
Vaccine mandates?
Yea 🖕that job😑😃
That’s my town! Everyone can afford a house except for the locals.
Why should any business person pay an American to work if they can go offshore for production or services and pay a less fortunate global citizen who actually has some real problems in life not some crybaby American.
As an overworked RN working with Covid patients I understand this, just left a big hospital chain in Indianapolis due to putting quantity over quality.  I’m overworked but won’t leave my patients too long.  Going back for a Practitioners license for more autonomy, to provide patient focused care and, more paid time off.
Because we tired of working
How many have died from Covid?  They won't be going back to work.
“You will own nothing, and be happy” 2030
They finally are waking up that’s why lmao
In simple, “no pay, me no stay.”
This is nothing but propaganda.  Not one word about being forced to wear facemasks & get toxic jabs?  Corporations can't wait to replace ALL their workers w/ AI robotics, so they can pocket those workers' salaries.  They just want to make sure the hapless workers get blamed.
Do you want to go out for a walk?  YES!!
People have found that The pandemic  have open their eyes  “work hard only for the rich employers
The pandemic virtually shut the economy down.  Employees didn't do it. When the health system shut down millions of jobs, re-employing them is like trying to turn the pandemic around. "Employees are in the drivers seat" is a misnomer and misassignment of blame. Get real. Service and menial workers are not looking for a livable wage job on LinkedIn, but they are looking in an employment system that has failed them.
Taxes too high no benefit company don’t pay enougf
It really is fun,working paycheck to paycheck and being perfect,without making mistakes while obeying the system.While expenses rise for ordinary expense.The upperclass are leaving behind the middle and lower class,working class.And theirs no stopping this.If a person works 50 hours a week at any job,they,shouldn't have to worry about any expense.Yet they do and that is the problem.No matter what ethnicity.Period!
The sad part is is that these people that want to be picky, work from home, etc.. is why we're in inflation. Our tax money pays for them to find somewhere that is "the right fit" for however long until they do.
That’s the thing. A shift of power. Saudi Arabia right now is offering incredibly well paid jobs right now because they need the workforce. They pay children’s tuition, relocation costs, great healthcare, benefits. Because they need the skilled worker. The problem is when we as employees take whatever crap they give us and don’t demand more. Hopefully this shift of power continues. Large corporations shouldn’t be able to give away billions in bonuses to their top level executives but give nothing back to the majority of their lower level workers.
Im Done working for any other human and going to college on my gi bill because Im lucky enough to have earned it, after 13 years of hard work after the army and seeing the same things at every job I've had in mainly the welding and metal fabrication industry racking up over 2 million welds im done. Every job the people who take 30 minute bathroom breaks to sit on their phones, 10 cigarette breaks a day, piling into vehicles to go smoke or do whatever drugs they do on lunch or break times, and other time wasting things they do and they still make more money, along with just not caring about the quality of their work, never keeping work areas clean, constantly saying someone else will deal with it or it's not their job to do certain things they should, along with employers themselves using such things like my title and not my work ethic or quality of work or how much work I get done for them as a reason to not give me a raise. There too much to explain all the reasons Im not going back to work for the lazy, drugged out, exploitive businesses in this country ever again and I'll find clients to do freelance it work over the next 2 years I have left to get my degree in computer science.
Pure capitalism same as pure communism are bad things. Democratic socialism I think is the best option of the bunch. We shouldn’t live to work nor should we all be treated exactly the same across set functions. Huge corporations getting billions in revenues but they still pay theirs employees crap salaries and are not regulated well.
Lololol
It's because of Covid
Interesting. I figured people were quitting cuz the government pays good for being unemployed
And come on let's be real here it's also about these mandates!...
Yes and also a lot of people don’t feel comfortable taking the vax, especially by force so they quit.
Mrs Karin is right, people are burn out cause we work all year. I think the people that are quiting have no debts. In Sweden and in other european countries they work 6 month earn some money and rest 6 month.
The big city Liberal experiment has failed....and that is not a bad thing!  America,  by design, is the "laboratory of democracy".  We should have places like CA who want to try a more centralized control, loads of social welfare, loose drug policies, etc.  Conversely,  we need Texas with all their traditional values; LET THE BEST IDEAS WIN!! And, how do we know who won?   Just watch where people go!  They are voting with their feet (and Uhauls).  Now, we need to return to a smaller federal government and allow States to be more agile and try knew things. It will reduce the hate and division  and be better for the country. 🇺🇸
Making the blacks rights mine, this report was racist! You didn't interview any whites, browns or asians. It seemed like you were on the planet of the blacks.
News flash: unemployment benefits don’t pay forever. Are all these people who refuse to work just ok with being homeless?? Any job is better than no job.
People are still  poor, stress, and hungry after sale there time to corporate companys so  its better to  go in country side  farm and grow wages, rice and eat
The remote jobs are attractive for two reasons.  1) For the convenience of being with and near family at home.  2) Non-managers can get more work done if they are not constantly inundated with various executives that need underlings present to adore them and their positions of power.
This is thanks to Donald Trump, is America great now?
04:37 This is the way it was 60 years ago. And the Left shamed women for this arrangement.
The United States is the worst place to be an employee in the whole western world. No paid vacation, no maternity leave, no sick pay and a lot don't offer any kind of health benefits. Why would you work there?
06:22 There are millions of unfulfilled job openings.
I think people have stayed at their job because of their health insurance. But it's just so expensive, the job is no longer worth it.
Omicron variant could be a good thing.
Oh the employees are there…. But the PAY is NOT there. People can’t afford the daily cost of living anymore
They are not offering good pay and flexible hours. Plus, they want you to lose sleep for their company. Working from home is the best thing ever
I remember working for a retail company for over 10 years . Which was my fault because I made the mistake of just being comfortable.  But I finally quit because I found another job . And they looked at me like OK go . I was like wow not even a thank you . For missing out key moments of your life just to work for us
They realized it just isn’t worth it anymore.
We found better ways to make money then to continue being enslaved by a broken monetary system and corrupt overall government. Decentralization is the way out of the grip of evil.
I'd quit but my bills need payed
Everybody is hiring because America is lazy it's a simple fact.
You know why i dont work.  Cause stupid biden gave me so.much money hahahaha
Eliminate taxes on labor. End of Story.
40+ years of flat wages.  Duh.
Companies are eager to hire?? I’m confused..I’m hearing about this great resignation but I also saw this news clip from a Florida news station that people are applying for jobs and companies are not calling them back for interviews. I remembering hearing it is because these companies don’t want to hire more employees because of the PPP loans they took out or something like that. It’s not making sense.
I admire how unbiased and unpolitical this video was. You guys earned a subscriber for telling the 100% truth, without slander and with respect for all positions involved. Really well-done job! This video was refreshing to say the least haha.
BIDEN is President.
Most employers  are NOT offering any type of benefit  packages...are you crazy
People are quitting to avoid mandates.  And some are retiring early in a hurry to enjoy life before America becomes a communist country .
I'm an Independent Latino from Chicago, 5:29 Hahaha.....of course they are sitting at home and enjoying been at home, come to Chicago..... 7:29 Love it!!
Pay them more money 💰
Seems like people who have the luxury to take an early break..
And people in other countries would love a job
its not just covid but these employers treat people like slaves and expect them to stay and be loyal with low pay while the executives make all the money and get the big bonus,  guess what?  those days are over, people can work for themselves thanks to uber, lyft, doordash, upwork, fiverr, etc.  oh lets not forget the poor dishwasher or waiters that's not good enough to get promoted to manager.  I can go on and on but you know what I'm saying.
The US better change no one wants to waste away working 40hrs for whats not yours example in 🇩🇴 the whole country goes on break about 2hrs and grave yard shift is only for thieves.
I know two couples who had enough of the rat race and they became "van lifers" and hit the road. They work here and there but aren't in any hurry to go back to the daily grind. I also know one couple who retired early and moved to Mexico, another couple moved to Panama and another couple who moved to the Philippines-Thailand. All places where they live very well on their retirement (Social Security). They just had enough of the insane "progressive politics', higher taxes and rising inflation here in the USA. My best friend and his wife are looking to retire and go "snow-birding" and possibly living part time in the Azores (where he's from). I am at retirement age and have no debt but the wife and I see the writing on the wall for this country and are looking to wrap it up, down-size and just "Go Galt" and live self-sufficiently off grid as much as possible. We figure that the rat race just isn't worth it and if there's anything that the Pandemic taught us is that life's short and why spend it all making money for someone else with little time left to spend with family and friends.
I have 2 words. Joe Biden.
Double the revenue but not willing to pay for the work to be perform.
Ive been job hopping since i left highschool in 2013. Each time its for a job that pays more than the other. Lol
Thousands and thousands of jobs will still be available until employers realize it's about not being able to just work. It's about a liveable wage.
Business owners are fooling themselves thinking its just that people don't want to work.
They need to help those trying to help themselves and get off drugs! In Cincinnati ohio not one treatment center has a work program so they don't lose their job, when the programs give no warning so you can notify your employer! You are literally told choose between your job or being sick and not being able to work anyway! THEY know they have you just like a dope man! BUT THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO HELP YOU!??! THEN WHY NO HELP TO KEEP MY JOB? THEY DON'T HESITATE TO GET ME FIRED!
FORCED.  There I fixed it for you.  Great Reset right?
Be honest nobody wants to get the Jab no job is worth your life
I'm a blue collar worker. I put my body on the line with no afordable health care to speak of and you wonder why I'm fed up. 🎶 let's go Brandon!
Is this Worst than 9 /11  or COVID law what hit  our American more
all planed but not from humans
keep your eyes up sooner than you all think
They are quitting because they are either no more or disabled to the point to where they are unable to continue to work the invisible enemy is getting them up out of here while you Liars continue to lie and we see the numbers the shortage of workers labor there is a shortage of people your kind of people and you still refuse to give the most High's chosen at least the respect that is due to them pretty soon is going to get so bad until you won't be able to continue your lies for the masses for the most part with your bottomless pit of Lies
Funny thing, employers are actually people too.
60 minutes of fakery. Hahahaha!
If we can work from home and make money in legal way, why work with people that seriously not care about us.
Anyone been to a Walmart lately and waited in one line to cash out?
Overworked, work place mobbing, wage slaves.
Ppl are tired of working for tips, pay a decent salary. Tips should be reserved for good service.
Boomers have saved and sacrificed are retiring. I see it everyday in my corporate job. As a Gen X, my husband and I are considering second careers. We have saved enough for our children’s education, minimum mortgage. We have to work but not how we are currently. Healthcare is the only thing keeping us at current positions.
People are tired of making other people rich and receive crumbs in exchange!!
This economy is going to crash soon 💤😴
The big jab?! Its cuz i wont get a shot!! I want to work but they wont let me soo
B.S. ITS THE DEMOCRATS FREE MONEY AND THE SHOT. Tell the truth!
My wife found that contrary to the narrative that women are more full filled if they are in the work force, she has found herself to be happier than she’s been in years staying home with our kids.  We have made a few sacrifices and dont buy as much cheap plastic crap but we’re doing  fantastic and have no intention or her returning to work any time soon.
Vax mandates for an experimental jab?
I’m glad this is happening. People are not respected in these huge corporations. They wanna fire people for no reason we’ll we have the right to not work for that company.
employers can get bent
I can be poor without you Mr Employer. Is what I believe is happening.
No one wants to put up with government mandates
Are people really quitting or are they being forced to quit because they didn't get the jab??? That's the real question..only people I know that aren't working right now are the ones that quit or got fired because they didn't get the jab too me that's getting forced out not quitting smh
Well America  should have  thought about this before toting the idea of automation,and now you need the a worker force to get you  through  the last phase in order  to  fully  implement your A.I  strategy 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣.  This is an  unexpected  bottle neck in your plans so you  can't fully go through with it. This going  to be a stand off for quite some time.
We getting a paid for noting.
Suck it up butter cup.its called work.
Nobody wants to talk about paying and how companies treat employees
Maybe affordable housing for food industry workers can help. Or better paid.
Better pay up with money, flexibility, sign on bonus, weekly paychecks, benefits, remote work, convenient, benefits, and respect: The tables have turned. All of this is for the “time” that we won’t get back by making the company profitable.Employees hold the interviews now.
Now companies who operated so long of fire and move on are now feeling the effects of their bad practices
The trance like state that Americans were in has been broken, the freedom to enjoy life and make money is a thing
The guy who owns several restaurants is talking about flexibility lmao. Ask his employees if they can get weekends off or holidays 😂😂😂
Mandates lol
It's called unemployment and the great reset.
They must be earning a living somehow? How about some proper investigative journalism? So many are bloody lazy and bad.
It's because of the dog eat dog mentality at most companies. There's no true appreciation for employees. You get paid the crumbs, meanwhile the fat cats get all the DOE. The people are sick and tired!
Watch out, the uneducated trumpanzees will call you fake news for this.... They only believe what they want, if it's not their right answer, they call you fake. Dopes want to believe crazy crap
I have been working remotely for 5+ years. I am all for it BUT many newbies at this gig of remote work DO NOT work.  They have theirs kids home screaming, many a meeting cancelled because of child care not available and the kids interrupting the meeting. Dogs barking or howling. Having appraisers come in for something to be done on the house. You are in company time. Use it wisely and respectfully.
I retired from the Army in 2020 after also being in since I was 17 as well. I'm NEVER working again- qe build an ENORMOUS home for our family for HALF the price in SC. I recommend it to all my battle buddies who want to slow down after retirement.
My experience has been that businesses fired and early retired many at the lockdown.  Now, they say they just need bodies and the result is an unsafe, toxic, chaotic environment. Health departments are backlogged so you risk stepping into deadly situations. Anybody who can with half a brain resigns.
We all soon going to go back to Hunting if don't go back to work !!
Lot of the companies are not hiring, they’re denying employment for tax cuts. However, people are becoming business owners who are tired of minimal pay.
Women quitting the most.
“Generous stimulus”? “Unemployment ‘benefits’”? Just because you call it a job doesn’t mean it accommodates a life. You can say you’re hiring but without reevaluating the job description/ salary/benefits (offer them!)/see employees as humans… no one will avail themselves. Our culture no longer has a relationship between employees and employers. Employers get to write the narrative; salary range, rules, policies, laws, etc. Even now- we’ve switched to decreasing covid isolation times and care to get bodies back to working.
NO ONE WANTS SATAN'S JAB.
The linkedin economist didn’t reflect on one perspective that is economics related
I disagree , i personally do not get any government assistance
ok
Hahahaha I love how they say nothing about the 90% that quit because their employer mandated them to get injected with an experimental drug that can not be proven safe until atleast 10 years after the first roll-out and 50% un-injected control group comparison.... But hey, why let the truth get in the way of a good yarn...!?!
The mandates are pissing people off. Let's not ignore that factor.
My daughter @ age of 27 years wants to quit, says no more fun in these jobs.
Wow...more WOMEN than men have quit...but they wanna cry about "pay wage gap". 😏 Don't hear feminist talking about these numbers in the media...why is that ? 🤔
“I don’t need this job, my man got TWO jobs!!” Lol. Okay, sis.
Democrats NEED people to quit and then  be dependent on the Govt …very simple
Libs like HER are the cause .. that’s the answer
Company owners need to realize that employees are not owners! Give proper pay and benefits so employees can at least feel like a step child.
Americans are treated like a Piggy Bank for the rich. No salary raises for 40 years. People working but cannot afford a $400. Emergency. Wealthy refuse to pay taxes, Government allows monopolies, thousands are homeless, 18 -25 yr olds have crushing debt trying to educate themselves while most Western Nations offer free or low cost education and retraining to their citizens. Malcom Nance said it best, "America is isolated and bigoted."  *Americans need a Guaranteed Basic  Income. Corporations should pay to use our Data. Each person should receive $2,000 per month as a basic income. Because GBI is payment for a product, companies would handle it as a expense line item. American would use the $24K to springboard into the middle class.  This was Martin Luther King's idea.
Bunch of lazy beotches
Sick of the crap schedules sick of crap pay … working towards quitting myself… Give up your whole life to just get by for what? Yep it’s not worth it anymore .. Missed out on family and friends living life because of a crap schedule. Gotta work crap schedule to make a little bit more money with benefits. Rotating shifts shouldn’t be allowed
I'll never give a job or employer dat much power in my life again...new world we all can provide and bring suim to da table I don't need an employer who don't care or appreciate me
Restaurant industry is notoriously underpaying workers! They are paid pennies and expect the rest of the wage to come from tips. It’s an absurd system that puts the burden on customers who are often in the same pay scale as the workers. Pay people a living wage with benefits and  treat people well!
I think people also realise that if they stay home more and buy less crap they don’t need, they can actually live on a very frugal budget. It gives them more time to figure out what to do.
Get Pinoy🇵🇭  worker  solved your problem .. Filipinos are reliable trustworthy.. hard working people.🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭
What? Better pay, benefits? No! Workplaces have become even more toxic. Companies unwilling to address workplace safety, moral, & burnout. They’d rather fire or run out seasoned employees in the hopes of hiring for lower wages. I don’t know where you got your info for this but it definitely didn’t come from actual employees doing their jobs!! Business have taken millions of dollars in Covid money & invested in projects not PEOPLE!!
Hey!! people has $$$ in their pockets! why work!! wait till homeless hits reality!
Employers making good, loyal employees do the job of 4 people with zero increase in pay.  Also, employers allowing employees to be treated poorly by customers.  Enough is enough!
Was this originally broadcast on BET before 60 Minutes picked it up?  Not much diversity in this video. Very ethnocentric.  Are the 60 Minutes producers racist?
Simple, government intervention.
They can get free money  peoples doing fraud out here. That's why they don't  want to work
You are so out of it, you wouldn't know it if you tripped over it
Well at least I know I'm not struggling with depression alone! 😅 I was in customer service until I got attacked at work by a customer 3 days before my birthday in the middle of a pandemic. My boss did nothing, besides making excuses for the customer.  If I'm not safe at work why would I work there?
Lol when they raise taxes on us what’s the point on working burnt us out! Gives a good raise so we can live good!!! I stated my own job
Republicans: if you don't like flipping burgers or working for minimum wage get another job!   Every worker: ok, I quit. Flip your own damn burgers!  Republicans: No one wants to work!
Everyone is quitting because of vaccine mandate. This story is inaccurate.
See https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Mn24vDuPgU&t=274s about an outstanding student who quit graduate school because of CCP infiltration and vaccine mandate!
Employers have been treating employees like they are numbers for many years. Oh how the tables turn lol
Price of rent will still go up so long as Biden continues to federal assistance.  People will continue to not work so long as the Federal Government will pay you more to stay home, rent will still go up.
My question still is how they manage to live without jobs ?
I bet when the government checks stop, they'll get off their butts and start working again. Or will break into your house to take what's yours, that you worked hard to gain...
Too many hours, too little pay, too much stress, too much overload, too little benefits....is that rocket science?
Luckys  ⚽️&⛓
This is the result of workers being sick and tired of being treated like crap by their employers and often also their customers. Enjoy it while it lasts people. The lack of available workers will put pressure on companies to invest in other options such as automation and when companies like Uber and Amazon replace all their workers with robots then unemployment rates will rise again which will force many workers back to working for less than they expected.
You work 5 days a week ,40 hours , some jobs don’t pay for lunch , after you get paid and after taxes , your check reflects only 3 days of work pay . So basically ur working five days but like ur getting paid for 3
Notice how they ensure to point out they believe it’s not at all the govt handouts. Never the govt fault when dems are in office. You think they’d say that if trump was in office?
The Big Awakening.
People are moving out of democratic cities because they are falling apart and they're dangerous it's not just because of jobs it's because the democrats can't keep their cities safe so that people have no option but to move
One word Vaccine Mandates!
Those stimulus checks aren't enough.
I quit my job 2 weeks ago! So far best decision ever. Wasn't even a bad job, but just would rather figure out how to make my own money vs make money for some company
Because inflation sucks and made everyone take a nominal 20% pay cut from 2020-2022
This is a change in culture and values. The pandemic was a wake up call for the working class who want to spend their lives living, not just working. Those employers who embrace this shift will flourish; those who do not will fail.
This is so fake. I'm well qualified for many positions. My old employer offered to rehire me at the end of last year after being let go as part of a mass layoff months ago. Well, it was a fake position and it seems like they only wanted me to reapply to get a tax credit (fyi, this employer is part of a huge company!). From there, I had similar outcomes when applying for other jobs in December, even retail jobs. It seems like most places are operating irregularly and with skeleton crews.
I feel "employees" WILL BE in the Drivers seat for years to come if not DECADES . . . . and I Love It ! !
Vax mandates
Government handout, why work when you make the same from unemployment checks.
People are burnt out by companies that focus on performance, and do not reward their employees enough. So they move on for the next higher hourly or salary pay with additional financial benefits.
Stop escaping vaccination... you need CVS needle
We live in a society that’s too demanding. ESPECIALLY if you have children. People are exhausted and burnt out.
Report the real news, we all know why the “Big Quit” is happening, Vaccine & Mask mandates.  It’s more like a Big Shift to jobs that give people freedom a choice instead of forcing them to comply.
Low pay.
I applied for a phlebotmoy posititions and never get the job
but how are they paying rent , bills and a car ?
*It's my right not to work.* 😡😡😡
this is good feel story. but what about those that tried to get a better job and failed. i believe the bad outcomes out weigh the good ones
You Fired Half The Workers For Not Taking Your Shot!
LOCK AND LOAD PATRIOTS YOU HAVE A COUNTRY TO TAKE BACK....DESTROY THE DEEP STATE SATANIC MARXISTS AND THEIR PRO CCP-19 TROJAN HORSE AGENDA WORLD WIDE! GOD BLESS
People are finally tired of the hustle! Earn a marginal check. Pay everyone that you owe. Repeat. People realize that they spend more time at work then at home. People know their co workers better then their own family. Wtf? This trend is a blessing.
Shame on you 60 minutes
The false mandate for the jab is what cause people being FIRED not QUITTING The media NEVER tells the Truth!
A bad supervisor and poor salary maybe the answer? After this pandemic tines is more important to be happy than be under rated. Talking from experience.
I hear you guys are only paid eight dollars an hour.  20 years ago, I worked in a door factory and I was paid 10 dollars an hour.
Ha!! I just read at least 30 comments,  only one stated the mandates because of covid.... Many are not going to get a experimental  jab to work. It's un American.  We have an out of control administration that is ruining the United States.  People are sick of the swamp and all the tyranny the Biden Harris duo has brought.  60 minutes is so blaise
They can't sit at home forever and get a paycheck it does STOP!
Well.  I didn't even know most restaurant workers don't get a living wage and they're suppose to earn a living on tips.  They work the job.  They're there up to 8 hours.  Pay them for their time . It's not their fault if you have a lousy restaurant or cook.  Pay them.
Horrible housing hospital not only that they're not mandating vaccination so yes people are moving because they're moving they don't want to be mandated for vaccinations and weary mask people are just sick of it
This is why you just don’t quit your job, especially without justification: Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people. Colossians 3:23 -NLT
This is BS ! Its still because of government entitlements. If worker are quitting, where are they getting their money ? The government. Thats the truth. Dont believe the hype.
JOKE!   Faux posted jobs.   This is a BS news story.
Sweat shops…nothing else.
*BUY ADA, MATIC, SOLANA and you won't need to work*
4:12 it's an employer problem stupid.
💎💥⛏..💎💥⛏💯💯...
3:32 maybe if you treat them better they wouldn't mind working for you stupid.
They claim they're hiring but employers aren't contacting employees.
People are sick of company rules, high expectations,  low pay, long hours, high taxes, nasty company management. In other words the workforce have become slaves to employers. I myself have lived to work for over 40 years now. I'm now 59 and I'm considering quitting because I want to live now instead of working.
Interesting no mention of forced mandates, politics and lib-cities...and she is educated; on what.
The American people are fighting for a democracy we are fighting for the constitution of this country it is way beyond employment
There is also a big shortage of police officers and state troopers also a fbi shortage in Chicago and Kansas City
Yet this companies are doing sign in business. When they should be giving those bonuses to people who stayed while the pandemic was going on. This companies are a joke.
Nobody is quitting ya huckfead. Judas Priest MSM is a joke
This video was created to dupe you into thinking that if you're unemployed,  then you're the problem!! No it's the potentially life threatening pandemic, and the need for continuing federal help to carry people through it.
Why don't they just say, no one wants to work anywhere in the private sector and corporate section as long as a pandemic won't quit.
Big business can keep their own vaccines and mandates .
America is waking up to all the lies. Let the politicians and big business work for themselves we will live fine without big money big taxes. We will cut them out, including big lie MSM.
Joe Biden is taking his toll not a coldvid 666 on our jobs.
We tired, we overworked, under paid, underappreciated, no family time, you can be loyal to a company but soon as you get sick or unable to work they kick you to the curb, to much politics, favoritism, unfair work practices, burnout,  we found other ways to make money like online sales...selling merch....starting our own independent  businesses, we saved our unemployment money to invest in ourselves like stock and property.
As a gen z entering the workforce my first job that was suppose to be in office is now working at home. I have never experienced working in an office before but I never plan to work in an office. working remote is here to stay for my generation WE NEVER WANNA STEP FOOT IN AN OFFICE !!
No stupit we dont want the vaccines
Good Luck Still Got To Pay Rent And Eat
💰 money 💰 money 💰 money!   Imma quit mine too if I don't get a daym raise,  like right now! Last one, 5 yrs ago! Work load increased tho. 🙄
Hire Filipinos. We can do jobs most foreigners will not do.
Hmm..I would replace “choosing” to “forced”!
This shows what happens when the immigration hose gets shut down.
I'm not working for a nonliveable wage. Anything less than 18/hr in any state should never be applied to. Base wages. No experience. No degrees. Everyone deserves to live. Even at liveable wages you are just skating by.
Sometimes it's not worth it long hours, have to work holidays can't spend time with your family, frowned upon if you call out sick despite the fact that you have perfect attendance it's just best to stay home who needs it, low pay a few pennies in a raise you have to be there for like a year or more no real vacation time.
Why depend on a employer when you can become an employer your self or  self employed. Big people want us to depend on them
Why work for someone when you can work for yourself??!!!!! We want assets not liabilities!!!!
I wonder how many people have lost their jobs from not getting the vaccine
Getting laid-off during Covid was a blessing in disguise as I landed a new, much better position (after many interviews and sheer persistence I might add) just as my unemployment benefits ran out. I am now in a position where I am treated with respect and work alongside a dedicated team.
Because we want to be free and the job is only making the bosses richer and they don't care about the ppl if we all quit we can start a and better world for us
These jobs so picky so i don’t feel bad for them. Some of their applications so long it’s ridiculous.!
Vaccine mandates :) no help
As a concrete worker I need to figure out how to work from home?
Because you keep scaring everyone with COVID!
It's a FAT LIE!!!  they may be interviewing, but they're NOT hiring!
🏃🏿‍♀️🏃🏿‍♀️🏃🏿‍♀️💨💨💨💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉that's why
You also have people like me that are single parents that have to rely on small gigs to even work outside of child care. We can't afford it to pay for child care, 600 month just isn't practical. Can't forget to mention once you are approved for daycare assistance it takes an 6months to a yeat for daycares slots to open. Struggling single parents only get relief once elementary starts, then they have to explain that gap to hiring employers why there's such a large gap in your work history.  Gig work is isn't easy either. You have to market yourself, and bring your image up to your community so your targeted market finds you. It's a not easy what people see is just the tip of the iceberg in the whole process.
NO CLOSED CAPTIONS = TWO THUMBS DOWN!!!
I think a crucial distinction should be made, that the pandemic did not shut the economy down, governors  and politicians did.
I always thought that the reason for so many quitting was a combination of the stresses of their jobs no longer being worth the money and the companies underappreciating their workers. I think a lot of these businesses took their employees for granted because once upon a time ago they would act like their employees should be grateful to work for them. that was the main reason why I quit working for customer service and decided to do what I actually wanted to do, teaching. I know a lot of people who either quit customer service to pursue their careers or quit to pursue work from home jobs. The appeal of getting a full time with benefits and higher pay is way better than a poorly paying, stress filled position, getting harassed by customers.
Why would anyone believe this Fake News ? Not that many quit a job unless they have a better one to go to. Maybe to a job where they don’t have to wear a stupid mask or get the jab.
Yall just not paying people enough
Because they are tired of being taking advantage of.
Only JESUS saves. Trust him with your entire life. He will bless you! I dare you to try JESUS. He will turn your life right side up. I guarantee it!  He turned my life around and he will do miracles for you too. All he asks is that you entrust him with your whole life and follow his commands. He will take care of the addictions, racial oppression, hatred, anger compulsive toxic behaviours. Try JESUS TODAY! HE WIL NOT DISAPPOINT YOU. I DARE YOU TO SEEK THE TRUTH. JOHN 3:16-17
Austin is no longer affordable for Texans. It is now a mini California type living experience. So sad.
I think social media has created unrealistic expectations for many people, causing discontentment in our consumer culture. That's part of it. Also crazy unemployment benefits so people are being paid more to stay home than go to work.
I work I healthcare , but it’s mind blowing how these companies don’t wake up ! And realize that if you take care of me I’ll take care of you! SO SIMPLE !
I think they are giving out answers that they wanted the answers to be! "oh people quit to find their passion...oh people quit due to working at harsh condition...".  No those people "quitted" because they were getting government checks.
Interview some hard working Americans not some business owners... Wtf
Karen has a lot of degrees which frankly mean nothing except that she’s wasted a lot of money. Also, Leslie Stalt, spelling, is a partisan somewhat lame “journalist”. And we all know that 60 minutes is part of the fake news industry. All the jobs they mentioned with openings are of businesses that have been shut down often in the past 2 years. People need jobs so they left for others. Health care has been short for many years more than Covid. More trash from CBS.
No one wants to work at jobs that require manual labor or interfacing with customers everyday (who let's face it - can be real a-holes) UNLESS - employers provide truly equitable pay, hours, flex schedules, sick leave, and PTO.  Yeah this is going to increase costs and the prices we pay as consumers are going to go up.  This is the price we are all going to have to factor in moving forward - we had it far too good post WWII and made dangerous pacts with international players to give us cheap goods on the backs of cheap mass labor.  It's all coming back to bite us in the rear.
Cause they are tired of being treated like a piece of sh__ when you show up day after day and watching people who take off early, come in late and can't carry their load getting treated better.  Employers have no respect whatsoever for their employees.
Tell the truth why it’s because y’all people are forcing free humans to take the jab to work that they don’t want that’s why!! 🤨
Turn out theres also a lot of people who hate being chained to a desk and they prefer working for themselves.
Exactly like commies/demoncRATS planned it! The BEST way to shove communism down our throats!
Not Americans, women its mostly women
Honestly since iv left my job at aldis that treated me like dirt and was destroying my health, iv never been doing better working for myself as a gardener.
There are pros and cons to working from home and it depends a lot on the person. For people with anxiety issues like myself working remotely would be a great help but other people who like to socialise and go out for a coffee for lunch , not so much. Working from home saves your pocket in travel expenses but raises your own utility bills for running your own office. I’d like to see remote workers get compensated for using their own equipment and power to make money for the man. Workers get compensated in using their personal phone for work so how is electricity any different ?
#1 reason, egotistical management.
Why is the US worried about minority quits and executive business owners? Because we are the prize for true gain in any nation. (Stay Home)
When I was 19 forty years ago I worked at the local grocery store and had an apartment at $200 a month.  I could work, live and figure out life like a young adult needs to be able to do.  My 19 year old son can't do that today even if he worked 60 hours a week making $20hr.  Young people can't afford the high cost of renting on low wages.  Blame Congress and both parties.
Wouldn't it be nice if employers assist their employees with a company daycare service for their employees kids👍, what a benefit that would be.
Well, when you're told you have to sign a non disclosure agreement for a sandwich making job that pays you $9hr sums up the arrogance, hostility corporations have for frontline workers.
so where are these people going ?
I have been out of work for 3 months, been applying since then. I haven’t even been called for an interview, I have 20 years experience and 2 degrees.
Your not paying enough.  Stop the bs
Actually my job dropped all of it’s employees after the first shut down with the understanding we were going to be called back, NOT! I’ve worked for this company for over 20yrs! The company could have worked out something for all the employees that been there for decades making money for them and yes I said THEM because this is a wealthy company.
It’s Amazing how much AC tech makes gentlemen and ladies trade school gives you the experience to go out there and work. College is great but so many are in debt in student loans and will probably have to pay for the rest of their lives. College is great if your going to study doctor, engineer, Veterinarian, teacher, social work, but other fields others are competitive or and can’t hire do many. Some get jobs right after high school that pays enough money to get a hour apartment etc.
America has become a welfare state. People get more money for staying home.
Americans are going off grid! NO more usury and crony capitalism!
People are quiting because the government is giving them free money, that is not costing them a dime and even getting their taxes forgiven.  Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
Is this why there is shortage of groceries at the store? No one to ship food.
TELL ME THE RICH PAID FOR THIS VIDEO TO BE MADE WITHOUT TELLING ME THE RICH IS CONTROLLING THE NARRATIVE 😒 "generous" government check.
Capitalism = Financial Fascism
BBB Plan should be: 1. Livable wage permanent laws of $27/Hour and up for all Americans  2. UBI of $3,000/Month for life for the first $36,000/Per Year ( tax free ) 3. Locked Down $400/Month per person price! No gouging or gentrification! Developing mostly single unit apartments since privacy is a human right! 4. All three of these points to eradicate poverty,  homelessness,  suffrage of Americans 💉💊🚬⚰⚰
USA Real unemployment is permanently over 67%! No livable wages of $30/Hour and up anywhere to be found that is dignified and just ⬆️⬆️⬆️  Civil war is coming and the blood of parasite pure evil millionaires and billionaires will spill in the street! The masses will be very happy to see the wealthiest 50,000 people on Earth die ⚔🏹⚰
Are these choosy people on unemployment after they leave their job?
FACT: Young People ages 21 to 50 are EXITING the economy because there are no livable wages of $30/Hour and up for all jobs to keep up with insane cost of living! Americans also going off grid due to HOA's and expensive residential properties and property taxes are theft! F U crony capitalism! PAY $30/Hour and up for all jobs, OR let society burn and decay! NO to vaccines, strain on the body which leads to health problems and no to abuse at work 📍📍📍
Minimum wage $7.25 rent $899 lol
A lot of people are starting businesses too with all of the stimulus money they got. Smart move if you do it the right way.
Try offering a living wage with benefits.  Fair treatment
I quit my last full time job in 1989 and have not looked back. Full-time work is modern slavery and way over-rated. Freedom is so much more fulfilling. You only get one life, folks. Stay debt free and live free ...
This story, paid for by Pfizer.
We don't need LinkedIn or corporate America to tell us why we are quitting we already know.  Neo-liberal corporatism is the only reason.
It's a lack of respect.
Biden regime' mandates are to blame.
"Now Hiring" is smoke & mirror to hook sheeple in, then make them get the jabs if want to continue working.
more like a PAY RATE PROBLEM.
Nothing to do with the jab! 🤔
It would be nice to have a remote job, but it’s hard to fix peoples plumbing from a computer desk.
Only women quitting   sounds like onlyfans
People are just burnt out! They work you like a dog, and give nothing in return.
I'm so jealous.  I can't find a job so I can't quit one.
Well, the US has failed it's people. You - America- burned your people out.
If people only knew how bad the trucking industry is, I'm surprised we still have truckers at all
Duh, don't want to wear a mask all day.
Its the mandates that are affecting the economy!
Federal reserve?   Crooks!
Mandates happened
I feel like I I'm being set up yesterday my boss called my phone and asked if I could come in early I agreed more hours more money right. When I get there I call my boss on the radio asking if he could clock me in i went looking for him found him he said  yeah I will clock you in. 2 hours later he's gone and I found out I only worked 2 hours instead of 7on my time card. I want to say he just forgot, people do. But this forgetting happened  before. For my grandfather's memorial. I should just let it go, right?
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCySkVCfWE8UvglTOUljyU6g
I can answer the question in less than 60 secs: People leaving  because of mandates.
We double our revenue, yetwe dont upgrade our workers compensation.... let see this coorp ceo building a house him self lol
Maybe it’s because they were forced to quit by our government over the BS lockdown!
Iv never stopped working, even throughout the OG covid, never stopped. Mf's is just lazy...
Try working understaffed - just once.. Good Luck!
i dipped out of my teaching job, because my husband had a health crisis.  now, we run his business together. i am much happier.
Oh shut up.
"It's a worker problem"  so let's talk to ONE worker and a bunch of bosses to try to understand what is going on.  /sarcasm on GOOD JOB /sarcasm off
Only fans 😂😂😂
flexibility is important because some of them are in school have other jobs or a buisiness
MAN MOST PEOPLE DON'T EVEN MAKE ENOUGH MONEY AT THE END OF THE WEEK TO COME BACK. HOUSING HAS WENT THROUGH THE ROOF. PEOPLE SEE THE GAME!
I worked as a waitress for 25 years.  I left this year do to entitlement and rude customers. No one wants to be treated horribly.
uhhh, maybe folks are quitting their current jobs for better ones??
Don't know if anybody els noticed......NO interviews of WHITES!  I guess they are all still employed and doing great.
If anything this proves that whereever people think the economy is heading (based on past trends) is almost always dramatically wrong.
Tell yourselves what you want, but people are fed up with the current state of affairs in this country and it’s leadership, the unbalanced system is no longer acceptable to most. The system coddles the mega corporations and banks with public funds bailouts and has completely devastated small business. Taxation has rendered all but the super rich destitute, as the designs of corrupt banking practices and shell corporations take hidden fortunes and secret them away, forcing legislation to tap what little savings the working class has. The system is broken, change is indicated…. There’s a storm coming.
You try to make mass quitting and mass unemployment sound noble, but I don't agree. People can start small and keep working hard until they hopefully get where they want to be. That way, they help provide goods and services for others in society, they pay taxes that supports schools, hospitals, pandemic aid, ect. I think this mass quitting is often selfish-though not always. People also develop their character and skills through continuous work and they can still pursue other other things during their spare time. Some may need maternity leave or paternity leave or things like that, but I think many are just being selfish and trying to convince themselves they are being noble. People from a lot other other countries work harder than many of the Americans of today and part of the reason why they do it is because they have other choice. It's the only way to feed themselves and their families and the only way to improve their situation.. I decided to stir up this pot. I guess many agree with me, but those who made comments seem to disagree with me. I am all for increasing the standard of living for everyone, but I am not for people sitting out the game without a good reason and pretending it's noble.
Jobs aren't paying enough main reasons. And the fact that Biden era inflation is costing everyone more .
CREATOR ECONOMY IS BOOMIN & many jobs will be replaced with A.I.
People are tired of crappy jobs for crappy pay.
Can't expect people to work a position that won't offer enough to cover the lowest rent.
Thy r beaing mandate vaccineination like nazy Germany and fired from their jobs if not taking the jab vaccine
The pay is too low compared to the cost of living. In order to live you need to make min wage at least $20-$30/hour. I think they should make the min wage comparable to the cost of living and every time prices go up; the min wage goes up to be comparable. I bet you anything that the number people needing state and federal assistance will greatly reduce. Not enough benefits being offered to deal with a bunch of ungrateful customers in some sectors.
People found out during the pandemic that we the people run this country, not these corporations.. if we don't work everything shuts down. Deal with it corporate America..
And for me,  I will never go back to an office environment.  I can do a job from home
Employers are short on help  because they refuse to believe Covid is a risk.  People are still dying but profit over safety is still rampant.
Lazy bums would rather live off the government than actually  work. Also you don't automatically get respect when you first start off. You earn it.
CBS IS Fake news .. one of the main reasons that people quit there job is due to COVID RESTRICTIONS and tot a word was said about it !
Because of all democrats
Forced vaccines are the reason people are walking away!! Duh!
I wish these places would be honest. A lot of it is due to vaccine mandates and a lot of it is due to people who did their job well, if not better at home, and then being told to return to the office.
Biden did this
U stupid people need to put a end to vaccinations they have nothing to do with covid what so ever flu shots have nothing to do with the flu daaaaaaa
Workers are leaving big cities like San Francisco and Chicago because they've turned into complete crapholes.
We’ll if boses would stop micromanaging ant stop number crunching and treat employees better then they might show some loyalty
This is happening because Brandon is giving out free money.
Let's go Brandon
People woke up! It’s so much more than just a paycheck! It’s about respect and being treated fair. No more games, being taken advantage, working long hours, weekends and saying yes to everything, so you don’t lose your job!  Being at work more than with your family.  It’s time to live your life and take care of you and your family! Be true to yourself and be happy & healthy! <3
Felt this soo much, for years id felt disillusioned about the 50 hours work week plus the 2 hour commute and on top of that the Sunday prep to start the week which is another 4-5 hours! Weekends went soo fast, that we never really had a chance to unwind and switch off. When my company laid me off March 2020 id never been soo relieved. Finally felt like i could breath, paying my bills was the last thing on my mind because I'm a little frugal and didn't spend any money so i had a safety blanket. After two months off unemployed during the pandemic, I offered to help my families takeaway business just to get out the house more and did 2 shifts per week. Started relearning day trading and now don't have to go back to an office. Currently thinking about relocating to either Dubai, Phuket Thailand, Miami or somewhere in the Caribbean to join the 10,000's remote workers and nomads.
Big companies deserve this
we are tired of being taxed to death and being treated like slaves.
Funny how vaccine mandates weren’t mentioned at ALL! It just so happened that the biggest mass exodus happened when the mandates were being proposed. And don’t tell me that’s not true. I work in health care. I KNOW it to be true. I’m not saying it was the principle driver, but it wasn’t even mentioned.
Because the rich expect to high of profit margins. People are tired of being poor!! While an elite class rule the masses. It’s just getting started. Next the rich people money won’t be worth anything because it’s only worth what people are willing to do for it.
People are tired for working for the oligarchs they want to work for themselves
let me show you how off this is, should doctors who sacrifice themselves like in the likes of AFRICA just walk away since those nations do NOT change? go away with your totalitarian ugliness!!!!!!!!!!!!
We now have technology that will make un skilled work a thing of the past and also it’s so much h easier for people to make money by starting there own companies ect…. Times are changing
Got to stop bailing out these big corporations make him pay their fair to pay us our Fair wages and where the employees don't have to lie to the customer to show loyalty to a big Corporation business
people like you have brought sacrifice to seem like humiliation and are so proud of it, well, God does NOT exalt the proud but the faithful and humble, we are demons acting like we are good.
bottom line, this country has become Obigon and it will fall, we have become an ms. me give me mine country, we are so fuked!!!!
People work because they have to. The government decides to give a bunch of money for not working. People aren't going to work.
Ya think a vaccine mandate to work might be an issue???? Duh!
People are tired of being overworked, overstressed, underpaid, underappreciated and pushed to the breaking point while being reminded on daily basis about how small, insignificant and replaceable they are during the daily meetings (beatings). Meanwhile the CEO and the company are making Billions $$$.
Money Money Money Money not enough of it!
blue collar workers and white collar workers are more interested in work from home and more control of what they do.. and if the employer is not flexible to these needs,, they leave and find another or stay home making less for now.. but they will find something better.
Ill never go back EVER
Americans are losing it! Especially a time when the Biden people are coming to replace them !
retail and hospitality are the WORST EMPLOYERS.. they treat the staff like PEASANTS and SLAVES!!  and the OLIGARCHS wonder why the PEASANTS are fleeing? really?? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
1 in 7 will help the environment , those long commutes are bad, very bad.
All matter of time before they buy California
the Oligarchs are beside themselves trying to figure out a new way to get the PEASANTS to line up and eat whatever the Oligarch say to do.. this is truly sad.. PEASANTS!🤣🤣🤣🤣
I think the problem lies within the greed of a company like Walmart and mc Donald brain wash you how to work  and how they treat there customers. Lot crap we have to pay out to live! More we make more bull crap they make up to get our money! And still pay high prices on everything to housing living cost like food meds clothes dumb looking clothes with high price! Cheap made item with a high price.
eager to hire slaves to abuse
The quality of 60 minutes reporting has gone down hill.
best have bosses that can do the job. yep leaving big city, hate it. I have had zero checks since I walked out, and I wont go back ever. going back means ill accept the abuse and I wont
The results of "Right to Work"
lol we are done, with being treated like dirt, by bosses that cant do our job, by bosses that are over lords and slackers. top heavy, bottom weak. customers lol we hate them and we are them.  I have not taken any pay from the feds to replace my 20 an hour.  They expect loyalty and give zero.  My stress level was at almost a stroke level, daily. Oh well so and so called in and you cant call in anyone else to cover it.  ILL NEVER GO BACK
Minimum wages going up but my pay hasn't gone up yet I still have to deal with the rising prices of EVERYTHING.   Food prices have skyrocket.  I watched prices in Walmart rise twice since the pandemic.  Cars and houses have a record number high since the pandemic. These rising prices are not fair to the people who are not getting a pay raise like myself
Ok when u work sum where for 20yrs then they bring sum new guy in making same money it took.u 20 yrs to get wtf do the math but u toped out wht
Thats because at home they can be lazy and slack off on the job more.
Americans are getting absolutely fed up with these corporations treating them less than human we know we are nothing but a clock number to these entities and are easily replaceable! Also they aren’t going to need us soon in the workforce because of Robotics technology and Ai so the fact we are quitting is only helping them along !
3 kids. How much?
It's highly probable that comparing available jobs per million citizens in the US, pre- and post lock downs, will show a severe decline in employment opportunities, NOT growth. The "new" opportunities are simply the return of SOME of the jobs the government crushed in its reaction to the pandemic as well as a shifting to other segments.
It's happening in Europe aswell. In Belgium you can sit at home forever and receive social benefits and social housing, or work 40 hours a week + unpaid overtime, for € 200 more. It's not a problem of the employer being greedy: mine gave me a raise of € 1100 p/month (from 2900 to 4000, which is huge in Europe). 100 for me, 1000 taxes. Hail socialism. I quit.
Good change for so many, and my gosh that Melissa is gorgeous
The world has changed. And employees putting they self at risk for pennies
AINT nobody offering better pay
It's the crap bosses....!!!! It's the nasty boss!!!!!!!!!!!
nobody wants tp wear mask or take the vaxx to go to work
#wallstreetsilver #bofasqueeze
We live in a gig economy now. Gen Z are taking advantage of being independent contractors through apps like door dash and Uber. They have more freedom that way
This is not good, our standards of living will suffer in the long run. Wait 5 or 10 years and reflect on how much less we will have. People not working in never good in the long run. Others will pay ,because those not working still need food and shelter. Where do you think that comes from?
High rent &  food prices are causing  employees to go to higher paying jobs !   say good by to fast food !!
Im sick of working for and with lazy @ssholes...
If any of you have quit or thinking of quitting,  our company helps you start your own business, helps you set up an LLC, build a website, and shows how to drive local inbound traffic/leads. take the opportunity to become independent and become a true entrepreneur. It’s the only way forward.
Obviously nobody wants to go back to his trash job they've been doing half their life. Very much understandable why would you want to go back to a toxic relationship right?
Its easy to quit when the govt is sending them monthly cks for no reason at all so why work
This is fake news— the research shows that they ( employers)- are not hiring! People are putting in tons of applications without employers hiring them! These companies are cheating taxpayers by not hiring... and getting bailouts! Truth! I know personally different people that have put in 60 or more applications to places that say the are hiring. Don’t believe all these stories! My parents work for the press—- they admit that they lie!
Employers are now having to outbid government unemployment. Mystery solved. The real question is how much more will taxes go up to pay for these societal drugs to sit at home playing video games and getting Taco Bell delivered.
I love what I do, but if your employer picks your managers, supervisors as YES MAN/WOMAN, then everything gets in the way of enjoyable work environment! No way I will work with a supervisor or manager who doesn't know anything what I do!
We are PEOPLE before we are workers.
8:12 perdieron 22 millones de trabajadores en 2 meses!
Lies. I've been looking for a job for 4 months. They're not calling back. Rent's late. Electricity pending disconnection. Have to eat poorly like ramen noodles although I have hypertension.
It’s true that employers are a significant cause of mental health issues such anxiety and depression.  But are we walking into a virtual world?
Bravo! People are getting smart. Why they should work hard and the momment they almost are done with the paimants on houses the,, smart,, goverments will step in, create a pandemic, or stage something else and pick up the house when people are out of job???????. No to the mafia.... No more slavery work.
This was uninformative, you guys are looking at it from the wrong perspective
Anybody catch the names of the companies that were in the video? Work Speed? Or Work Speak?
I am a baby boomer who is seriously considering early retirement. I’m burned out and feel like I almost need a marketing and law degree to do my CLERICAL job. There is now employee loyalty because there is no employer loyalty. We where promised a cost of living increase. That never happened. I received a 40 cent per hour annual increase. I was told that I should feel lucky that I received that because some companies are not giving increases. I’m tired of the corporate 40 hour work week. I know that I can go elsewhere but at my age. I just have no desire to work anymore and that is a problem
well a lot of those "jobs" are pyramid schemes MLMs like Amway, Nuskin or Herbalife. A lot quit hat trash
????
O so they can really hire better PAY, it had to take a Pandemic for you Employers to Actually offer Bonus.
Thanks biden
Slavery is over.
Same ressons suicide is so popular.
What Ive learned is this: The employees are now way to nit picky. Instead of having someone who can do the job, they want someone to work without paying overtime, without doing anything for the employee. So yes I'm out.
The truck is everyone that's (hiring) doesn't want to hire anyone.. I'm sure they get some kind of government kick back for being under employed
Theres more to life than making money and furthering the industry. We're humans, that means we are spiritual beings. This is enslavement, and we need to grow and live free.
These days it’s not difficult to replace the wage of a retail job working online. Retail is a horrible sector of mistreated employees
The pandemic shutdowns forced us to slow down and take inventory of our lives. We stayed so busy before, that we didn't have time to think about creative ways to earn a living doing what we LOVE. Job losses catapulted some into entrepreneurship and remote work became easier than ever as more employers sent their staff home to work. Technology is much less expensive than it used to be so remote work became more of a reality. Many companies are saving tons of money on overhead and office space by offering remote work. All in all though, folks are tired of being overworked and underpaid. They are tired of doing jobs they hate, for ungrateful employers who only want to give people a 50 cent raise after working them to death.
Amazing how the Democrats and liberals pass these laws HAND OUT FREE MONEY AND NOW THEY'RE COMPLAINING? KARMA!
Because its a lie. These people post signs that they are hiring, to fufill the PPP obligations but they are NOT hiring, at least nowhere near the rate they are claiming. The ones who do work are worked into the ground with no remorse.
Democrats and liberals never wanted to admit, people are  leaving liberal and Democrat run  cities  the crime is high! to more small,rural and peaceful and conservative cities,  because they're tired of the B.L.M. antifa, woke,etc... As a black man speaking it's obvious I moved to Thailand 🙏🏼
Oh Gosh darn well for these employers! Food services industry deserves it!
4:29 Leaving an expensive city to move to Miami to save money on living expenses is like trading in a Mercedes for a Lexus because the Mercedes is too expensive. Miami is not cheap, at all.
Wow I just so happened to click this and they mentioned my current city Greenville SC where the minimum wage is still $7.25 smh
She has a masters degree a PHD now she should go out and find herself a job
Too many regulations?
my god in live in europe and its true what they say about america. its been taken over by african americans, i didnt even see 1 white person in this video, keep it up africans you almost there.
“The Big Quit”? Really?  And no interviews with union leaders, the HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of workers who went on strike? No mention of the fact many corporations have posted record profits while their employees live in poverty? Conveniently leave out how many people are running into schemes where companies advertise for positions paying one wage and then offer a lower or minimum at interview? Or how many companies are advertising openings and never hiring, perhaps something to do with those PPE loans? 🙄   This whole piece is ridiculous. Absolutely demolishes any credibility 60m may have had in my eyes, everyone involved should be embarrassed by this
People is just tired of working for pennies especially in Florida
This is a ridiculous episode. People are moving out of democrat held areas!
Those are mostly precarious jobs that nobody wants and people are taking it as an opportunity to upgrade their skills especially here in Canada where they can collect unemployment and covid benefits if they had better legislation employment legislation that prevented employers from f****** around with people and required them to share more of the profits with their employees and that you know it wouldn't be the case where everybody was quitting their job
It BIDEN FAULT NO MANDATE
Remote work is gonna promote more obesity n no social connection..
STOP the MANDATE NOW
It's more than affordable housing people are tierd of  high taxes and all the liberal policies taking the ability to live freely without government intrusion
You know what I find more alarming? So many businesses are screaming about not having enough workers, placing ads for employment, then no one actually being interviewed or hired...  Businesses limiting hours and number of staff instead, then expecting their customers to "be patient"... This is happening far more than what is being reported... I've applied for well over 75 positions that I am more than qualified to do, with many years of experience, without a single interview... Luckily, I don't HAVE to change positions, but always have my feelers out... Lately, no businesses seems to actually WANT to fill these positions that are open and they are bitching about not being able to fill... Local Pharmacies pleading with customers to be patient, then dropping the hours from 24 hours to closing at 10pm, 3 people behind the counter instead of the usual 6 or 7, and scripts not being filled for days... I feel as if this employment crisis is manufactured....
I live in Taxachusetts so you already know we weren’t getting a break lol 😂
That stimulus argument does not work in my state. They have not given out a stimulus since the last big one Biden did after Trumps Admin, except for the child tax credit. And that ended this past December but started in only March
Kinda sus that this is framed all around the employers talking about a fundamentally employee issue.
@60minutes maybe check that TikTok that went viral of 14+ employees quitting @ once. Or maybe try sourcing workers not bosses for why workers are quitting. And you wonder why conservatives can call y’all fake news. Do better. Be better journalists. #thegreatresignation
Does anyone also think the Opioid epidemic might be a large contributor to the huge gap in the workforce aswel? It was definitely a huge issue before the pandemic, I can’t imagine now.
Trying to force the stabs as well.
Laziness
Someone I know who works at Costco, said they give you points for calling off under any circumstance, even a close death in the family. There's no empathy in big companies
I make way more working for myself, in a fraction of the time (less than 40 hours per week), than I ever did working for someone else
I'd say toxic management and work environments are an even bigger issue than pay. They treat you like a number but expect you to be loyal. Make it make sense. Pointless rules, not enough vacation time, not enough breaks, the passive aggressiveness, dishonesty and white lies. Not enough opportunities to move up. Lots of places hire outside of the company instead of promotions so they can pay less. I've seen multiple workers who dedicated their lives to their job, just to mysteriously be let go right before their retirement hits.
💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉
Ok the great resignation happens shortly after the new president, administration and party come into office. So they are mainly looking at the statistical data but not the qualitative data and then frame it. The same statistical data shows people moving from extremist authoritarian left-wing regions, high crime, Democrats cities and Areas, lower tolerance, high taxation cities and regions, cities and regions with strict fascist vaccine mandates and covid restrictions. Then the statistical show they are moving to regions that are either republican, Liberal, have traditional American beliefs of freedom, low taxation, less covid restrictions or mandates... Why can the media call it like it is, they lied to the American people for decades, but never more so than in the past 6 year. Listen up, people are done with the legacy media and the Democrat party, no more lies
Way to not bother to interview any actual independent workers #60minutes
Vaccine mandate force people out of work.
Why is the dislike button disabled? Why not find out why so many have resigned? Lots of assumptions from business owners—what a farce-“it’s not a work problem, it’s a worker problem”. These companies do not care for their workers, that’s the issue they don’t want to acknowledge. Terrible piece.
Because all of the new hires have there wages adjusted for inflation, while existing working are getting paid the same as before this pandemic started. I’ve seen jobs that normally pay $15 hour now paying $32 if you are a new worker. So its just common sense if businesses aren’t adjusting everyone pay. I They want you to think that everyone is collecting unemployment but the truth is unemployment doesn’t even cover cost of living especially since prices on everything is up
Can we talk about the elephant in the room. Workers are not going back to work because of vaccine mandates!!!
Ah, welcome socialists and communists
Its because of the vaccine mandates you fools. That's why I left.
Not judging why, I just don't understand how. When the bills come in, how are they getting paid?
at one time i listened to you ...now .... i caught on .... i know .... you are the plague
Maybe Employers should try being honest and care more about employees After decades of working to make millions for someone else We are Tired of being lied to and treated like Crap...I have never been hired on an honest basis i get hired for one job then told i have to do another job i did not apply for. Happens all the time...... Also why dont you News Guys actually ask the working class not people that are so far from removed from the poor that they play guessing games....
It all the social media short clip video. People know they get really big paid  from online. Than working on 9 to 5 jobs. Online jobs spend less time and paid alot of money. And most people are buying outside Healthcare insurance to coverage for there family. If online wasn't a think. We be all working like normal. But all this social media kick in. New generation and people who know how it supposed them. And they can make more money than working for someone.
Boomers interviewing boomers. Corporations interviewing Corporations. READ THE ROOM. The problem is interviewing the problem. This is an absolute joke.
Well the American dream is the biggest scam ever. Neoliberalism is biggest scam too.
Ecclesiastes 7:7 surely oppression make a wise man mad, and a gift spoil the heart
The people on LinkedIn are not the same people quiting their jobs at McDonald's and other service industry type jobs.  Get a clue reporters.
Four day work week please
I truly adopted this ideology in my teens. I'm glad to see my peers catch up.👏👏
Many. Jobs don't  treat employees  right, always harrassed, by management,  the hourly, wage is not enough, discrimination by co- workers, & CEOs  dont care about there employees, // they only care there millions, // plus you never spend time with the. Family  & flexibility is very important.. This ain't  no joke, that's why there's  so. Many homeless  people'  everywhere.  /// & pandemic  destroyed  everything
Scamdemic not pandemic...  Get it right.
In doing a piece about the Great Resignation, you only spoke to ONE worker level person? Are you even interested in finding out the reasons why people are leaving their jobs? Or what they’re doing instead? Especially now that unemployment benefits are no longer being distributed to people affected by Covid? This is a big fail. A disservice to the people who keep things working.
Lmfao. The government is fooling all of you idiots and it's comical
Huh.....Nobody is mentioning v a c c mandates???? Like the major event of 2021. Unbelievable.
The end of capitalism
Fauci lied about hiv and Aids and is now doing it again.  He's a criminal.
California  Democrats  are taking us down the democratic did this !!! We the people of America needs trump back !!! The American dollar is getting  weaker!!! God help us all!!!
Karens
Did y’all see that guy carry that extended ladder!? Golly! That is skill.
I don't know, but I don't think this is really going to solve much from the business point of view, except bring even more low-paid foreigners into the workforce, making the wage and benefit scale even less... Who knows, it might also get us all closer to outright Communism where many have little, according to government mandated guidelines... Hey, I don't have all that much anymore, and never did have all that much from the start, so it really doesn't make a difference to me, one way or another... American corporations shipped most of the jobs to Asia because it was cheaper, so go and finish what you started, and ship the rest of them now!
Why is there sensory in the dislikes? It’s about individuals staying loyal to companies that treat them well and value them. If people are quitting is because the company values done align with theirs…
I wish I could afford to leave my job. I absolutely hate it and wish there was something else for me. Life really sucks when you have to devote most of your time doing something you hate.
They won't get the vax for your shittyvjob. Say the truth.
Bullies in the manager position that you can’t stand. Want workers? fire bullies.
Because the Government broke the social contract and we won’t be slaves.
We need a world War. 💫
The pay doesnt add up and the cost of living is too high to work long hours and still not be able to pay their bills.
I plan on quitting my 15 year job.  It’s not worth it? I’m performing a job of 5 people in the healthcare  with same pay.
This didn't give me any honest information why people quit their jobs.
Sure, more pay is needed but then it's taken back plus some by increased prices because God forbid it comes out of shareholders pockets and massive executive bonuses.  No one wants to  just barely get by, they want to thrive and live life!
Well, its because they don't want to be forced to get a vaccine that gives the illusion of safety from covid, right?
I feel U.S may start bringing in people from other countries to fill in some of these jobs.
Cause they know big daddy government will send them their check.
The 9 to 5 format is obsolete.
The disloyalty and insensitivity that businesses have for employees coupled with the lack of benefits, the lack of decent pay and the lack of on the job incentives may also be the problem. Not to mention how employers want the job of 3 employees done daily by 1 stressed worker. Changes MUST be made.
Honestly, Im not even working right now and I still feel like quitting.
Or is it because people don’t want to be forced to receive an experimental medical treatment and be muzzled all day?
Here's why: most people are getting payed more from stimulus checks than those working at a job
When does she have time for her family?
Having now access to how much others are receiving as a public servant to the justice Department, why bother to work when you can get away by taking from others what does not belong to you to live the good life???
Get online and make your money from Home! .. it's the future People!.. period.
As someone born and raised here, I beg you…  Please stop moving to Austin!! I hear Miami is nice 😉
Vaccine mandates could be to blame.
It's really technology which has given us flexibility, not just a sudden change in attitude.
Some aren't choosing...ALOT are being FORCED
Breaking people down so they except the Great Reset Agenda. Own nothing and be happy is their slogan.
If they wanted to do some real journalism they would’ve needed to ask some better economic experts and actual people who aren’t working or switched jobs: this is lazy and biased news reporting.
You have to be careful of the sign-on bonuses because sometimes ,,I know for a fact you can get the bonus bit by bit
Just got turndown  from a Dishwasher  because I'm not a good fit?? How when I have  experience in this position before? They don't  need no one that bad
She’s full of it. American adults on average have $15k in savings. Does she think they’re moving back in with mom and step-dad? And companies with menial jobs/pay are offering signing bonuses. Does this woman think that manual laborers have F’You money saved up? Nope…guess again.   These people are on the gov dole. And we’re all going to pay for it.
Ever since we got bought out by corporate it's all about micromanaging and everybody's irritated
Billionaires convincing people that they can’t afford to pay more.
Because they dont want the vax
The vaccine, it's because of the vaccine.
Just to pop in. Don't take you bs blue politics to red states. We don't want you screwing up our state too. Leave what you voted behind. Not sure how everyone living free. Due the time and you move up. I worked my entire 20's away. This genzy generation boggles me. I've worked more hours then anyone probably commenting. 15yrs old to about 28. Mastered many trades now. Wished someone told me about the stock market at 18. I'd be retired already. Start investing now and as early as you can.
Because we are not guinea pigs for the 1%
Democrats shut the economy down
people are tired of being slaves.
It's a new world order motherfuckers. Get ready for a famine and more death. You ain't seen nothing yet.
It’s the last sentence for me. Also,flexibility.
Umm, duh??? Pay up beaches.
I quit my job when the pandemia started because the environment wasn't safe for me.  However, I already hated my retail job before Covid.
They're quitting because of Vax mandates in Democrat states.
The issue is the cost of living: the relationship between pay/benefits and cost of living is squeezing most people and everyone is tired of it, tired of being poor for no reason other than someone elses greed. Raising the pay does nothing because the greedy people just raise the cost of living, we dont get a raise, they do. Just stop it already.
Hey 60 minutes.Your time will come.People in Executive Departments (Federal) you have a house and an address like we all do.And yes the co conspirators (media) are going down with them
🌍👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏💖👽💖🙏💖🧑‍🎄💖🧠💖🎯
I quit my "good job" in October 2021. I gave up good pay, my apartment, traded in my suv,  brought a van and moved in it. I ate less food, pay for therapy when I can. Once I  am free of my student loans, I will be 100% free of all debt. 🧡🧡🧡🧡
i need a job!!!!
This piece really didn’t get to the heart of the issue. Tone death especially since the perspective is mainly from business owners or executives.
If workers weren’t so overworked, exploited and underpaid people would stay.
I see that a lot in Dallas Texas and at FedEx people are quitting in record numbers I think people are getting tired of being underpaid and mistreated working is starting to get boring
Economical inequality that simple these big companies exploit there employees and treat them like 💩 I been there done that and will never go back that simple
Worked for The federal reserve?!?! Ok this video just lost all credibility.
Cut the mandates and treat people with respect and they will want to work
Jobs should start by saying we pay this much per hour do you want to work for us? Please?
Companies are abusive and little or none benefits… contras instead of secure jobs…. We are working all the time without receiving any vacation or holidays off …. No getting pay during holidays for four years straight…. Without vacation…. You get tire and burning out ….. if you get sick and can’t work or have health insurance no body pay fir does days off sick ….
Duh
Because if they demand you get the JAB then no we will not COMPLY.
No all jobs provide benefits…. The news doesn’t talks about the true
We are all working from home and loving it. Will not go back to office. Working remotely has cut costs for my small business and improved our level of happiness for sure. :)
Are those the same people being evicted in record numbers a d can’t pay their rent?
Pay is not necessarily the issue in many of these cases.  Take me for instance, I've been in management for 32 of the 34 years I worked for the company I retired from in 12/21.  Made great pay, 6 weeks of vacation a year, took time off when I needed it, but why would I do this at 55?  Well, customers are out of control, lack of employee work ethic (they are making $35 an hour, pay is not the issue here) , always working short due to sick calls we have no control over due to government programs (California of course), lucrative sick pay banks for those that I managed and lack of senior management support.  I just couldn't put up with it any longer.   I didn't plan on retiring early and would have liked to work until at least 62. but the stress of the major change in work ethic, customer ethic, support and just plain moral compass of the employees, customers and government got the best of me.  Fed-up I suppose.  Not looking for another job either.  Maybe in a couple of years if I get bored.
It’s ALL Biden’s doing!! He just ruined America!!
When people do that, it makes me wonder just what they're really looking for!
Ask Biden, he just made america worst again.
Easy ....demorats are paying you more to stay home and some people are quitting over being asked to have to get the vaccine.
Maybe control inflation, start paying your employees, start giving real benefits, and job security for moms and dads. I’m so over it. You think people want to quit their jobs and start doing thing completely alone? How scare and uncertain everything is? Not everybody is going to be Walt Disney or even the artist who makes $500 a month on their twitter/Patreon.
So to find out why works are quitting you walked by the works and talked to a corporation!🤔 You are part of the problem!
Maybe don’t interview 4 business owners? Maybe talk to actual employees in the trenches?
What do mean? Why this is the best it’s ever been
The Vaccine
New Subscriber! 👑🥇🏆🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤🎈🎈🎈🎈🥂
F**k restaurant owners. I hope they lose everything.
Lies, I am a Carpenter and I have been laid off since 3/16/2020, and am constantly being told by the Carpenters Union that no work is available. I am now in the process of switching careers after 18 years in the Union.
Wellll, thanks to the Pandemic, most people have tapped into their creative minds, savings, wallet, and bank account (while others used their unemployment), and started their own business from the comfort of their home. To most, it was a no brainer! The bills don't stop either so one had to get creative. Besides, who has time to be overworked, undervalued, and masked up barey breathing while trying to be a team player with a bunch of unappreciated fake professionals. There will always be more than one way to skin a cat! Welcome to the 21st century.
The people I know that have quit quit because they are tired of 60 hour work weeks. Also being told you have to have the "jab" to keep your job. They gave the one finger salute and walked out.
People  are quitting  their jobs because they refuse to be force to get vaccinated  with a vaccine they don't trust ,and that doesn't even give them immunity .All these excuse are just that .Excuses .Before the lock down and vaccines fast foods were paying around $8.50 Hr. They are now paying $15.00 an hr, and up. That doesn't sound like a pay problem to me .
This ain't Greenville.
Because the Jobs aren't paying enough to pay the bills
Treat your employes with reapect and pay them fairly. They will stay.
it’s not a worker problem, this is a problem for employers. and how can you be so tone deaf to only interview employers instead of employees
Rent is doesn’t make any real sense and it’s every month every month? The money doesn’t come fast enough lol
There are always options out there, if there is a will there is a way!
Vaccine required jobs
This was honestly overdue and needed to be done. Before the pandemic inflation & rent was already out of hand and now your telling me inflation has increased dramatically in the pass year and you expect people to keep putting up with the same BS? Naw. I’ll be quitting my job this year with my new business that doesn’t require any employees and I can’t wait!
When we listen to people who are "working at home"  " a more relaxed life style" more time with family", get away from the tensions at work", less overhead cost". Isn't that wonderful ??The same attitude has creeped into the medical profession !!! If you are acutely sick, have sustained an injury...... TRY TO GET AN APPOINTMENT WITH A DOCTOR FOR LESS THAN 4-6 WEEKS. !!!
I hear alot of people saying new Yorkers don't wanna work that's not the reason they're quiting or not rushing back to work prior to the pandemic alot of employees weren't being treated right , the employers want more out of you  with little pay and barely any raises!  treat your employees better . when your employees feel valued they will work better
Let's  see how long can they last unless you're   have millions  🤔 😏 😉
Bring on the immigrants!
Rent is high in FL Miami
Cause we are sick of never getting ahead in life while we make everyone rich pay what's fair mother fxxkers and we will work no more free labor for anyone
What happened to 60 minutes? Americans quitting jobs in mid to end of 2021 and no mention of vaccine mandates going into effect in the same time ? The most obvious answer was not even brought up!! Ridiculous.
Dislike
jobs are cutting pay and benefits what's the point they now even want you to work on weekends what jobs are looking for are slaves
They aren't offering better pay! They say they are but the reality is they keep saying that so that the honest person who shows up to work get overwhelmingly loaded with duties that were not on the job description. And that's not fair! They're SAVING ON LABOR ALL ALONG! And they continue to take advantage of the people who are hardworking individuals! They're doing that at my very place of work! They keep adding work load to you and now even if you have covid you gotta go back to work in 5 days. How are they crying and whining that nobody wants to work or they just wanna sit at home and collect a check... I've heard it all ... but they don't wanna pay fair. And we're out there risking our health and our families and on top of that having to look for a second job or a side hustle bc inflation keep going up except our pay?
Bc we're understaffed, overworked and underpaid. Need I say more
That stimulus money been ran out  So that is not the problem
We got record low number of immigrants... no immigrants no work force (retail & hospitality)... millennials and Gen Z are taking their degrees + skills and free lancing. This was all planned but they put it on the news cuz drama sells... folks are getting paid on their own ONLINE. its a capitalist country... everybody finna be their own boss.
Yesssss now we are on the driver seat!!!! Finally!!! Justice is served!👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Because they want too pay pennies and Noooo benefits
How can ya blame em? Govt in bed with corpoate amerka screwin over the workers, "doing more with less" since '93.. its about time people said "stop"!
love it when jobs say they schedule based on business needs after hiring for full time positions
A vaccine mandate had me quit my job - I shall remain a Pureblood forever!
S.C., Texas and Florida all have protections for those who choose not to be vaccinated.  Let's not forget that aspect.
Finally!!!! People are starting to get more about life....
People are tired of being paid less money and even with 2 jobs still dont make enough
People are tired of working these jobs where they are paid just enough to stay but not enough to get ahead. You shouldn't have to work 90-100 hrs in a two week pay period just to bring home a decent payroll check.
Call me 60 min let me tell you how horrible it was to work for wal marts warehouse during the pandemic
Easy answer. The answer is: harmful vaccine mandates. I promise you wouldn’t see this high numbers of Americans leaving their jobs without the tyrannical mandate.
affirmitive action 60 minutes!
i simply refused to be wear a useless mask, and temperature taking!
Since 1960. USA. It is now 2022: Wiki Diversity Training. Still.
I feel as if everyone in the world is so stressed out stemming from and beginning when the coronavirus hit and now people do not care nor respect one another and the government goes and allows people to carry weapons without permits and made it so easy for these children to get guns and now they wonder why someone dies in almost every city at least three times a week this is all nonsense and it's all the government's fault and I myself have been in prison for felonious assault with a gun specification because I was protecting my child from being molested so now they took my right to bear arms and protect my family for the rest of my life the world has become so ridiculous I barely ever even get out of the house anymore for fear of having to protect myself against all of these children out here carrying guns shooting and killing people for no reason
Fake news 😅 👍
pay is less inflation went up 32 percent in last 2 years time to increase minimum wage to 32 percent
Maybe it has everything to do with the "mandatory vaccine" and that fearmongering virus too
People want to be respected. Even those with poor work ethics!
You completely missed the point of why people are quitting. They quit because they realize these corporations don't care about us. Also, I find it odd that you didn't interview any independent workers, you didn't get any actual employees opinions. You need to interview service industry people, you know, the laborers the media (like you) label as "unskilled".
No media will admit this, but some of the mothers who left the workforce realized taking care of their children was more rewarding than the office grind.
Give the people free money, and then ask yourself why can't you get any employees
After forcing employers to coerce their employees to get VAXXED, tested and wear masks, they are now wondering why people are quitting???
STOP the vax mandates !!!!!
I believe people realized how bad their employers actually are, when they needed time off to care for children and families. Not enough sick time, paid time off, etc.
I got an idea... Let's just ask a bunch of minorities, females and CEO's about why they think everybody is quitting their jobs. A bunch of people that statistically don't work and have got most of their high up positions by way of affirmative action.
Y'all are BS this entire report. Funny how you don't discuss WHY ppl quit!
MANDATES ARE ONE! WHO WOULD WORK IN BOSTON for example? PEOPLE WHO LOVE AUTHORITARIANISM!.. I AM VAXXED BUT DO NOT BELIEVE IN TYRANNY!
When the country it told "were going to die from a virus" it makes you thinks what's more important in your life..make do for less..by locking us down we were forced to learn how to live without that job so that solidify the decision to quit.
Treat American workers better ffs!
I haven't watched but let me shoot!  #1 Covid variants . #2 Moving out of the city. #3 Working from home.
THIS IS ALL LIES... IT'S BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T WANT THE VACCINE FORCED ON THEM...
It makes sense now why  they are letting in all these immigrants in  to replace these people who do not want to work. Government knows what it's doing to keep the taxpayers in the system.
well i've been trying to get on as a police officer in the bay area because every department is desperate for officers, but not 1 department will hire me because "more qualified candidates applied" yet they keep crying how they need hundreds of positions to fill. So I don't know if the problem is completely on people but it could be the companies and government need to stop being so picky
Could it be - Biden SNL The Church Lady oh! and don't forget AOC said don't let them make you go back to work.
I was an IT Manager at CITI and retired 4 years ago.  For the last several years we were encouraged to work remotely.  Most of my work was via emails and conference calls even when I was in the office.  Saved CITI a lot of money in office rent.
Americans are going on a nationwide strike!
What I don’t understand is how folks are paying their bills.  I don’t see any statistics supporting it but I wonder if the vast majority of those quitting their job have a spouse or significant other that’s carrying the financial load.
Offering "better pay and benefits"???? OMG. Nope nope NOPE...it's not a "worker" problem...ITS AN EMPLOYER PROBLEM. They refuse to pay a living wage and don't offer benefits like insurance and child care.
NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD SAY THIS ... WELL DONE AMERICANS  YOU ARE TRUELY AWAKENING  HISTORY WILL BE REWRITTEN  GOD BLESS US ALL ♥️
Boo!!!! This is soo wrong, people aren’t going to work because they aren’t paid enough to survive.  It’s an employer problem not employee
WORK"er" PROB L em |  GREENVILLE | OPTING TO CHOOSE .... MORE AFFORDABLE PLACES , SAFE , WILL.... "i have a CHOICE?!!!"  YAYA!!!!
HELLZ KITCHEN...... ??? OOOOoooor? MIN i MUM wage? YUCK!
RETAIL HOSPITALITY - WORTH? BURNT OFFERING? OUT? HALF-Full?  EMPTY FAST!!!
#GVJINEhigh5 JOHN15:5
#BIGQUIT #GREATresigNATION movie "BUG'S LIFE" OR "ants" #FOCUSonTHEfamilyRADIOtheatre #ADVENTURESinODYSSEY #WHITsEND
No is just most online jobs are frustrating to sign up and most of them if not can be fake and don't get me started with the gm in companies they're either too lazy or too busy to hire people. I'm Vax but its the people choice if they want to or not. the least you can do for non vaxxers is to not treat them for coved when, they get it.
Mainstream media put the fear in America.  Instead of reporting the new science and learning covid as it happened they put fear and death into reporting.  This countries biggest threat is media.  And it’s not just covid reporting.  Let’s just keep on until we learn how to pay back this huge government spending with our current  tax base.  People actually think this is free.
Is it possible that women who joined the workforce with children, with kids home from school during pandemic, with a husband to shoulder the burden - maybe women have had enough independence? Maybe they are really saying - I'm a mom, this is my job. We'll live on less. We'll move to a smaller city and have less stuff. Smaller car. More time for family. I think women have had enough of being the breadwinners of the family.
Simple. Mask and vaggine mandates.
It's mainly crappie jobs no one wants like low pay or bad standards with bad management like big box stores and other we all know why if a company has a fast turn over like Walmart DC center that tells you something is wrong with the place. We all been there done it.
In America is job first and everything secondary and employers are inconsiderate on another level. People are overworked, underpaid and unappreciated. I hope change is on the horizon.
People are leaving because you and your not getting any where! And I'm talking about the people who are saving trying to do better. Every time you think your going to get ahead your taxes are increasing food prices are rising. People worked to get ahead not to work and die! That's not a life.
Lies
People are finally learning that respect is earned not assigned
It’s a revolution!! I’m not ever going back to machining I’m glad I’m out of that trade!! hallelujah 🙏😁
🏆This was delightful reporting on soooo many levels!!!!🏅🏅🏅
It's a management crisis.  I've never seen so many cronies promoted to a management level with no talent for the position whatsoever.
If everybody is quitting how are they paying their bills.
60 minutes you really fell short on this one. This is specifically regarding workers and you only interviewed one. But you interviewed for business owners and had their take on why people were quitting. If workers are quitting, workers should have been the ones you interviewed. Just lazy journalism. The LinkedIn lady is also off point. A small percent of people thought the way she describes. The reason people were quitting is because they became aware of the deplorable conditions, disgusting subpar wages, and the thought process that if you work hard enough you will succeed. That just won’t happen on $15 an hour you’ll barely make rent if that you’ll still have to have a damn roommate
Workers are done with being treated like a thing and a not person and being paid peanuts for the privilege.
Democrat Media
Another reason, VACCINE MANDATES.
I wish I had the luxury of quitting my job but then who is going to pay my bills… which expose you the number of trust fund or rich kids being able to afford loosing jobs
Don't want the vaccine!
Been to the mountain top of working remote making my own schedule.  Will NEVER go back to working in person in an office!
corporations are the problem, they keep suppressing the public and keeping them poor
Point is ppl need more money. Flat out. I ppl were making at the minimum $25 - $30 hr it mite be a start, and no increase in cost of living. If ppl could comfortably work and live, trust and believe ppl would come if those things were put in place first. But we know truth is whats avoided
Use me as the dislike button
Have any of the businesses tried.... paying more? I noticed not a single person on the show was asked how much they pay/if they increased pay🤔🤔🤔🤔 sus
The have job posting but they don't hire, they don't care about your 16 years with one employer, your experience or knowledge, unless you are a good looking single woman in your 20's.
I think it's the lack of work life balance 😕 that is an issue across USA. I think people want to live life! 🤔  I think the old capitalism system we knew is out of style; Americans want to have the best of both worlds.
DMN-60 Minutes; don't you think a few of those nonreturning Ex·Employees should be interviewed? Get the facts, right from the Horses Mouths!
Need a degree to know wtf is happening?? People need money to live and they are getting it .. many shouldn't  .. others are not vaccinated and not allowed
Workers are the backbone to America take a stand
Well I got news for you a lot of people have quit because they don’t want the vac and they don’t have to make minimum-wage there’s going to be thousands more in the medical field leaving this I do know we are working overtime double shifts but now they’re mandating medical to have the vac They’ll be an alarming amount walking out because of Biden
The lock down make you feel like it won’t stop
All of us business owners are gonna sell out and grow food! Socialism is taking over and food shall be king soon! Stay home you lazy rebels! You will starve soon!
And look who's telling the news lying mainstream media
Is it quitting or switching? And in a few decades when AI takes over low skill labor even low cost of living cities will have affordability problems
When I got injured on the job several years ago and was receiving workmans comp, I have to admit that I loved it. I loved being able to go to bed when I want and waking up when my body is rested. Plus having time to get things done at home that I had been neglecting. But what I loved most of all was not living my life by someone else's standards. Not having a huge list of demands dumped on me by an ungrateful boss who treated me like a pathetic little peasant and was never satisfied with anything I did. Remember, people don't leave jobs, they leave bosses.
KNOW YOU SEE THE POWER OF IMMIGRANTS POWER 😬😬🔴🔴🔴🔴🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
Merle Haggard said it, take this job and shove it.
I find myself now laughing more just happy with family you know
The American People are offended because Everyone has contributed to this Country air pollution through cooking, smoking, cars, etc. Yet certain ones are being discriminated against without authority. People like Joy Reid messy behind does not need to be supported in saying that unvaccinated People with their own medical freedom has to listen to her. Their Doctors are supposed to be giving them the correct diagnoses. If these People can prove, and most has already proved, that their blood was taken and that they went to the hospitals to stay healthy. They are NOT the troublemakers. If the People can prove that their medical insurance was jeopardized, and many can prove that, they are not troublemakers. These decent Workers has taken care of villages of Children getting sick. They have built this Country getting low wages. They have picked the fields of cotton, fruit, vegetables, sugar canes, and then there's the VIRUS. Joy Reid. I hope you all continue in your great fight and have great things happen to your future because we all know Joy is affecting lives. I have bad hair days, wigs days, and other days but I don't blame the Public and sanction and fine them for choosing their own fate. On a brighter note. The treadmill exercise was great with the chicken soup and hydration.  Joy Girl Bye!
All the women on this program are beautiful 😍
I love this, I am using your quote in my senior project!
gee i don't know could it have anything to do with forcing people to wear face nappies all day long?  or maybe shoot themselves with experimental waxines 4 times a year?  or maybe that the over-inflated unemployment compensation is way more than their pay wage?  com'mon let's not play dumb here!
And I guarantee you it's probably Mass Exodus leaving Democratic states such as Illinois California and New York
And it's just like an interview I was watching 2 to 3 weeks ago Anthony fauci  was giving an interview in reference to restaurants on CNN news he said the biggest tsunami of breakthrough infections were the ones that were fully vaccinated and boosted this was Anthony fauci just saying this with his own mouth and then I was listening to another interview from somewhere else concerning New York restaurants and owner said that he refuses to check people's vaccinations status and he said the people with cards to prove that they're vaccinated they're the ones that are the super spreaders getting sick  and wasn't that the purpose of people getting boosted and vaccinated what sort of things could go back to normal no not at all they are not going to go back to normal for real
Leading into the pandemic, I was a one-man department and heavily burned out. I asked my employer to keep my position remote, as my productivity was up, and my stress was way down. They declined. Within two weeks, I had found a permanently remote job that paid 60% higher. I’ve never been happier with my employment. My old company? They had to shut down the program I left because they couldn’t replace me, according to my friends who still work there.
Only for them to have the nerve enough to say we don't have to give a bit of stimulus to help people at all while they give bailouts and golden parachutes to companies or CEOs that don't even deserve it an while posting up wall street
It’s because the democrats are paying them to stay home!
And this woman worked for the federal reserve that doesn't give a care about the country and they're the ones that's running the government off the american people's own tax dollars
The HELP WANTED signs were bogus before the pandemic. Why? They weren't really available for regular people but for government contracts who were part of various "rehab" programs. Notice that this report says nothing about this and it went on for over a decade.  Kids would come home after job searching and their parents probably didn't believe it...I KNOW. I researched this first hand. The ones with the signs were the ones...Starbucks and all major chain fast food places.
Didn't biden promise that he would stop CV19 in his first year ?
Businesses need to pay to account for inflation minimum wage should be 20 an hour minimum
Classic MSM propoganda to get 'clickbait'. Look we have for over 5 years seen the beginning of "Baby boomers" retiring. During 2020, over 3 million retired. I'm sure absent the 'pandemic' fewer would've retired. But this event accelerated peoples' decisions. Next 5 years we will see many more millions retire. Demographics is not sexy so the MSM rarely reports on it. The result is fewer workers, higher paid workers, and more participation of robots in the workforce. BTW, most Americans are not 'quitting' their jobs. They are just retiring like all other previous retirees. But that is such a mundane series of events which the MSM isn't smart enough or excited enough to report it accurately - doesn't generate ratings/money.
Too many options now.. BUT THE MAJOR THING THEY LEFT OUT WAS ALL THE APP JOBS  like DOOR DASH, uber, Lyft, Grubhub,etc. Where you can work whenever you want
Simple hire foriegn workers
“We’re still missing millions of women” like we’re obligated to work for anybody. Wow
I think some of us americans are sick and tired of carrying the load for most of its citizens!!!!  Too many people dependent on the government and do NOTHING for their country!!!  We are tired of lazy people who are sitting and whining on tik tok videos!  People have grown tired of the crap.  Oh yes, and all your wokeness!!!
I know when I was working a lot of coughing was going on we wore mask but I have kids that are very young I’m vaccinated but it was eire sometimes like I was doing something wrong
As someone who has worked in fast food places for the past four years, I can say with 110% certainty that the customers and poor pay are the main reason people are quitting. Ive been yelled at, sweared at, and threatened by customers for things that were out of my control. The higher ups don’t care if we’re being harassed or treated like crap, they only care about the money.
Revelation 13:17
Work a few peeps don’t wanna take the beast mark?!?!?
It's the states that are paying people to stay home indefinitely....like Illinois. Illinois seeks to destroy small business especially car dealerships and Restaurants!!!!!!!!
People are choosing Gig jobs with no bosses and a flexible schedule.
It's very simple when the pandemic hit none of those high people help the smaller people the workers people didn't give him money didn't help them for anything this is what happens everyone's starting to speak up at once
People being under pay.... In my town people still make $7/hour in restaurant, hospital, nursing, stores, ect........
I still don't understand HOW people choose to not work, especially people with kids? I respect trying to do what makes you happy, but we all gotta pay rent, mortgage, food, car, bills, etc., so how are "unskilled worker" living and not becoming homeless?
Been saying this for years
Your vaccine mandates aren't helping either.
Join the military. Great educational benefits and job training.
If you are hiring a high school student or drop out, pay them minimum wage. If you are hiring an adult with kids and rent pay them more then minimum wage. Simple.
People are tired of working themselves to death to only get one random day off, being disrespected by low life "management" when managers are most often the ones that are overly entitled messy toxic nutcases. Dealing with obnoxious stubborn lying customers. Being expected to only have a life around jobs and their crappy pay that is not worth the stress. People are tired of being mistreated when their jobs matter just as much as a physician's. That's the real of why this is happening.
Poor pay, poor management, poor benefits, too nitpicky about the applicants who do apply, I have a college degree and still struggle to get some jobs I applied for
Propaganda in the US. It's much worse than you think. Realize  Real lies  With your Real Eyes. How? Shut off the programming. The propaganda...the "news," social media. It's doing you DIRTY. Shut it down.  It doesn't take long until you see everything differently....clearly.
It’s hard to find jobs when you have a criminal record and no one will give you a chance. How are ppl supposed to change to better themselves if we’re not given the opportunity.
That man has the most gorgeous teeth I’ve ever seen!
Soooooo you take a worker problem and ONLY ASK THE EMPLOYERS?!?! Why not ask a white people about segregation? I bet that would be a great piece. I love how people in your positions were crying 18 months ago about essential workers and NOW those same people are just lazy.... YOURE THE PROBLEM!
People today are whiny, unforgiving,  overly sensitive a$$holes...no retail or restaurant job is worth it.
Their running from Creepy, Criminal Joe Biden, and his entire Administration's Tyranny. They're tired of the MSM, SM censorship and cover up, for Brandon and their own ties to the Treasonous overthrow of the USA. You are all so arrogant, so narcissistic, so indoctrinated with your own lies, you have actually convinced yourself we're buying the BS.
My sentiments exactly: "Take this job and SHOVE IT. I'm OUT" ✌🏽 Precisely why I left retail, after two decades. I refuse to continue killing myself, for organizations that could give two craps about it's employees, or their advancement. The retail industry is indicative of the imbalance that plagues the socioeconomic construct. Give me a WFH position, any day. Suggestions are welcome! lol
ITS SIMPLE EMPLOYERS DONT WANT TO PAY A LIVING WAGE 15$ PER HOUR IS NOTHING
I used to trust and respect 60 minutes but this is some one sided propaganda. This story is all about the workers but they only interview the owners. Some BS. Now I will be questioning their other stories.
“It’s a worker problem”… probably doesn’t even know how much a loaf of bread costs. Out of touch with reality. There’s 300 million of us, there’s no way we should settle for the BS we are offered.
Cause Biden
I wouldn't want to work at a restaurant in SC.  Even if that guy pays wait staff a minimum wage, tips are drying up and so it's not a living wage.  Add to that there are probably no protections against COVID and if an employee gets sick they have to use their pitiable "vacation time" when they are sick.  I wonder how many times this guy has booted a diner who insisted a waitress pull down her mask ? This is likely a case of people being legislated out of the restaurant industry.   As for construction, this is a job that many undocumented immigrants use to take for crappy pay.  So I guess it's great we cracked down on immigration.
It’s just too much, rent is high,work us half to death and we can barely afford to live , and after a while it’s like what am I doing this all for?!  f it I’ll move back home…. Idk maybe I’m just depressed rn
They're not quitting their jobs that's just what they're trying to make you believe.
Maybe something to do with forcing people to cover their breathing holes and then many places firing staff for not taking an experimental injection.   All that on top of a history of not paying people a living wage and treating employees like slaves! Not really hard to see why there are so many open jobs.
2:15 before I started on my own, I left my previous job vowing that I would never do customer facing work again. Too many times I was mere moments away from doing something where I would have ended up in jail or prison.
The Most High knows why
This is great I never stopped working during the pandemic but I have always felt under appreciated I held my own them some while tons quit,   called out and retired. This has leveled the playing fields between employees vs employers. Finally I'm starting to feel appreciated and employers can no longer abuse their power acting like they own you.  Now they have to treat you with respect in order to expect you to sticking around. Best thing that ever happened.
Cause we don't want to get vaccinated ! Give us our freedom back and we will work.
Because the 2020 election was stolen. I’m not participating in this current fraud of a country
Americans are tired of being treated like they are expendable and working 60-80 hours a week to pay 3 grand a month for rent on a home they will never own. The rich continue to get richer and the poor are getting poorer plain and simple!!
Maybe now employers will start treating people like human beings and not like disposable interchangeable parts.
Forced overtime a big problem in construction industry people tired of of working 70 hrs a week
Underpaid, Under-appreciated, and Over-worked. That's why.
Pay your workers more money and provide them with benefits..
Only tech workers can talk about something dire with an ecstatic expression and a giggle.
"Used to work for the Federal Reserve..." (the largest criminal syndicate in operation in the US today, aside from the US itself.) Wow, we really believe her now. LOL!!  #WOKECulture #MANDATEDmedicalprocedures (masks, jabs, etc)  Who could EVER have predicted that alienating 70% of the workforce and 80% of the customer base would result in the collapse of the economy?  <eyeroll>  Anyone think to ask Bezos why his business exploded in the same time period? Huh. Whheird.
Because my god damned life isn't for sale.
And the wage increase doesn't cover the cost of living increase....
Cause people can make more money being an independent contractor or being self-employed. Jobs don't pay enough to cover the inflated cost of living....
Edit...these jobs are full of bs. They don't hire you. And these jobs don't pay!!!
These have bs don't hire you. They say they need help but still being choosey of what they want. These jobs are full of crap
Love how 60 Minutes is just a prime-time podcast of advanced boomers. They’re broadcasting to their own generation, yelling into their own echo chamber. They made this mess and are gaslighting and blame shifting in blindness to their responsibility for this situation.
Propaganda narrative
We Decided That We Were GD Tired of Making/Generating the Owner's Money & Not Getting a Fair Share for Our Efforts...  Let the Owner's Do the Work Themselves As They're Getting Most of Money!!!
Umm.... Let's see....  Having to wear masks, 8 hours a day is one!  Mandating a toxic, bs Vax, is another!!!  No  Brainer question!!!
I was laid off after Covid closed restaurants in my city.  I bought land and moved off grid to start my own business and have never looked back.  Never been happier.  If you're asking yourself if you should do something that makes you happy, the answer is yes.
Stop unemployment payments  End hand outs. Work if you want to eat Alot of employers are hiring illegals because they want to work
Nowhere is getting mention that these jobs pay peanuts LOL. Especially that restaurant. That white boy know he is paying peanuts LOL. And going home to a two million-dollar crib every night LOL. Come on man. Big Maserati. Triple tone black. All day baby it's all day baby. Banging your chick and everything else.
Real Talk. They say it's some point we're going to be washing our own dishes in these restaurants. Real talk
I just think it's funny all the people that got laid off before all this. Like in retail my friend's company fired 82 managers right before the pandemic. And now they wish they had never done that.
They arent willing to quit their jobs. What a dishonest thing to say. Their being kept off by mandates and furloughs paid for by fiat money with a wave of a cypress and gopher wood banker wand wrapped in black snakeskin. This station knows this but seeks to disinform and mock.
Cause the Goyim Beast is waking up.. Wall St is Wailing Wall extension project..
They try paying more?
US is becoming a welfare society, CA for example, you add up all the unemployment benefits people are paid more than work.
as a person outside america and ive been involved for hospitality industry for 7 years i knew they were feel insecure about how they were being bad treated, less respect & less salary from management especially annoying working environment that include customers, i know that feel because i've been through this before and i wanted to find different job industry that makes me feel comfortable & fair enough between life and working balance
And yet the White House recently tweeted that president Potatohead has created the best economic growth of any president in history  🤣 Let's go Brandon  😂
Please... ppl really stop working cuz of all the changes the government is doing and trying to tell you what to do it's not the big quit call it like is The big Rest. Don't try to fool us with this stupid 60 minute segment only idiots will believe this!!!
No amount of money or benefits will keep workers on your side working for you for years. If you want workers stop forcing them to work 90 hour work weeks and treating them like crap and not letting them take a day off in years.
There is no affordable housing in them cities no rent control and rent is extremely high and these jobs are not paying enough to afford living on your own that’s the prblm with this economy..these jobs need to pay more
PLANDEMIC, is all about the global reset, collapse the US and the world will follow, we need to remove the globalist, billionaires, tech, msm ex's, our government is corrupt, and they don't care about you
I mean there’s also still Covid and people are afraid to die because of jerks. Employees and customers are jerks. Employees act like it’s not their job and customers act like employees are  servants.
People are not being paid enough for the labor and are tired and no one can pay rent
I quit my $14/hr HVAC job.  From 2017 to 2020, was told lie after lie about the company growing and increased pay.  In 2020, the SMART Union didn't want to fight for $16/hr.  Union rep told us "Fine, if you want to go to Taco Bell for $15 then leave".  Union told us the pie is only so big and the company cannot do $16/hr.  I stayed for 1 more year.  Then up and left.  Small company of 40 guys, 10 younger guys followed me out the door.  And what did they do after we all left?  Bumped the pay to $16.50.  The company lied to us.  The Union lied to us.  Cried a river about not having money.  Companies lie and unions are in bed with the companies.
….when you can no longer trust your government.  That’s your answer.  The bigger picture is not between the employer and employees, but the powers and principles at hand that we cannot see and no longer understand, but we do experience the suffering and try to find a place of refuge.  Some are no longer afraid and are numb to death itself. Many are passing away and we bare witness with little to no hope to avail. It is time for a change and it’s time for the truth. The truth the way and the life for those whom understand can truly be liberated.  These things are not flesh and blood. How can there be an eye for an eye.
This video is embarrassing. People got laid off (like myself) in 2020 which let people realize how little they actually matter. Now these same companies are hiring, not to mention all the people who literally died from covid causing staff shortage. I’m all for what’s happening right now. We all know the truth LMAO.
McDonald's managers have being for years telling the workers to apply for government's handouts to compensate for the low payment...  People just figure out, they can apply for the benefits and don't need the BS McJob to deal with.  They should try new ideas.... like paying people enough money to afford a decent standard of living.
the vaccine mandate was supposed to punk the people but the people clapped back at the Biden Administration mandate and now looks at how merchants are suffering without their workforce. Keep clapping back show the Biden Administration who is boss. The stimulus check IS NOT doing anything that is FALSE. People value their life over some experimental medicine and they want more money.
People now waking up an knowing they are worth more than chump change anything under 10 dollars an hour isn't enough to survive on especially if you have children. I'm from South Carolina an in some places we still getting paid 7.25 an hour. How can you have a family take care of your family an you're making under 35,000 a year? You can't you work until you die basically then your children end up taking care of you an can't live there life.
The reason why more women than men are quitting their jobs is because of women have the bulk of the house the family and then go to work and have the bulk of the employee meant side jobs that means mopping the floors cleaning keeping everything up and up we're fed up we're tired we need a break then you got your boss beating you up you got customers putting their hands on you yeah we're tired prostitution starts to look good and that's a shame that's disgusting America get up quit being a butthole know that that's your daughter or your mom working that $2.15 job and how would you treat them . Then you have management when their employee has a second job or delivery get in their way of making two jobs causing more havoc you know your employee needs a second job why would you impede their progress now I understand you need your people on your shift but they go out of their way to make the second shift as accessible as possible but you want to turn around and impede that by giving them of hours that they can't that's treason you're causing that American to go on food stamps and get assistance because they can't pay their bills that is treason and those managers should be punished for that.
What makes my heart sing is being able to pay my bills and not being berated by managers coworkers and customers. Same like you don't want us putting on hands on you and your children you have no right to put your hands on us this is America you have every right to free speech but that ends at the end of my nose
Some people are quitting and moving to states with a lower liberal policies. Would you like to live in Chicago?, Philadelphia as two examples with crime rates climbing?
Look when I work restaurants in fast food and I'm attacked by Costomer and bullied by my managers yes it's time to go somewhere else. 2.15 an hour won't pay a light bill muchless rent or food for my family's. Tipping in not a city in China . Restaurant not having what is on the menu is out of server control don't punish us. There's a difference between.
No one wants to work for pennies no more. Also no one is trying to work in security, retail and fast food for the rest of their lives either
The gov't reaction to the Coof has crippled the world.  After 2 months, we knew enough that we should have just protected the seniors and gone on about life.  Instead, we destroyed hundreds of trillions of dollars of wealth and likely cause the early future deaths of countless millions.  Most of this over-reaction was caused by liberals and their need for an excuse to steal the election from Trump.  Another massive number have quit due to the coup leader, Biden, mandating that Americans must partake in expiramental medical testing while signing away their right to sue the drug company who is providing the expiramental drugs.
Yes - I'm gonna quit I'm tired of working for someone else
*Sounds like women are quitting and leaving their husbands to do all the heavy work. In fact, that's exactly what the research shows.*
Decades ago when professional husbands & wives asked to job share, bosses in Houston were flabbergasted and thought the couples were either nuts or uppity. Seems most ppl just hate change even if they can clearly see that the change is beneficial to them.
Regarding minute 1:10, the pandemics moment of reflection was, hey I can get paid to sit at home and not work more than if I get out there and work the job I was at. Putting people on the government dole Helps us with one more step towards the US becoming North Korea
I wonder if these positions might be filled with immigrants or illegals.. hmm
I don't remember the Scientific Model including coerction, bullying, silencing other medical experts that disagree & have other solutions, censorship or tyranny.
Pay good money 💵 and ppl would work stop making excuses republicans are causing all this being they hate to pay real money to hard working ppl.
They don't want to take the "V"!!  Duh!
They don't mention vaccine mandates!!!
Not helped by firing people who cannot or choose not to take vaxxes and those who have natural immunity from having the virus.
Plenty of immigrants looking to work, waiting at the US southern border. Just sayin'. Fast track them. Vaccinate them. Get them working.
There are shops and restaurants that have cut business hours due to low staffing levels. If people can work from home for more pay, why return to these other jobs?
1 their not realy hireing, my job short staffs on purpose so you either ignore it or get burned out.  2 pay is not better it's stated that way, then they hire at a lower rate or lower your pay shortly after hireing or cut your hours.  3 stress levels are through the roof. Why go to a toxic environment when you can go somewhere else.
We’ve been to numerous interviews and no one wants to hire anyone who deserves the pay that they’re asking and the hours that they need to work around childcare so that’s baloney and a bunch of hogwash that they are hiring if they were hiring some of us would have a job by now
The system is failing us. How is it that even doctors are stressed when they make over 100k a year. A lot of them are in debt too.
Lack of Pay and benefits, it's mostly temp. Work too.
I think people rather not work period. The police, teachers, nurses, hvac all understaffed as well. Yet they are well paying jobs. People don’t want to work.
Mississippi still thinks that 7.25 an hour is reasonable for many jobs that require experience. Library staff typically only make 19k a year, despite needing high-level people skills, at least a bachelor's degree, public outreach, event planning, and budgeting skills, let alone special areas like working witht he mentally handicapped, working with children, teaching skills, genealogical research skills, and in some cases, specialty archivist knowledge either learned on the job or in school. Yet, Mississippi still thinks people can live off of that with no pay raises, working weekends, mornings, nights, and decreasing health insurance coverage.
Some people quit due to pay and some is on count of hiring online it doesn't help people who don't use computers but discrimination in companies is not getting fixed
Fairly compensate people with a livable wage and benefits. Do things to ensure their safety and well-being in the workplace. Understand that the office is dead. If it's work done in an office, it can be done at home without the commute. Employers act like this is some big mystery that needs solving. It's not, and their contrived explanations about too many benefits causing it are absurd. Pretty pathetic when a business can't compete with wellfare.
Anybody notice these public figures and organizations usually talk to the employers and not the employees?
all the open jobs have terrible pay
Good thing you only interviewed the people in charge instead of the workers that are leaving to find out why they’re leaving. A+ investigative reporting. You suck at your job
Before I start the video pay the people more without going up on the items you sell.
Time for a resource-based economy.
No one wants to do Services were they could  get called Karen's, racist and everything they get called
Also, a big problem is how many of these jobs used to be for immigrants. If you try to keep them away then someone else has to do it and people from the USA just don't want to. In third-world countries, the idea of quitting an office job is absolutely insane because is considered the dream job.
I've personally seen the effects of the extra unemployment benefits on the workforce. I was one that was affected because we were understaffed. I've heard people say "I get paid more on unemployment and I get to do what I want with my time". But, go ahead and listen to the corporate media's explanation.
Didn't talk to one independent worker, not one. The one employee they have, the boss is right there. What a crap job reporting. 🙄
This lady is a joke
Allow more immigrants in who want to work
maybe its all the unconstitutional mandating???
Work is a health risk without health insurance. There is no logic to pricing goods. A gallon of milk is equal to a gallon of gas. Tomatoes are equal to pork. The rate of inflation is triple the rate of minimum wage increase. Medical and legal sectors get the red carpet even though they've priced virtually every customer out. Cars cost as much as a house even though cars have never been made worse. Real estate is skyrocketing although houses are now being built with chips and sawdust instead of sturdy boards. Civil unrest is growing even though it's too late. Society already surrendered its privacy to big brother willingly without a second thought and without a fight. The bad is just beginning even though it's impossible to perceive because it's never been worse. Greed caused it. The meek will get what's left. Then it will start over. That is...if anyone survives
Youtube pays better
In my area a lot of employers are looking for people but they are offering low pay. I can't stand seeing "competitive pay" on the signs. Where I am, that almost always translates to "low pay".
The only bad thing about working at home and it's only one thing it's psychological seeing somebody on the screen you need physical social awareness that's it it's just like homeschool kids need to react to other kids adults need to react to the thoughts even if it's in the office other than that it's a good idea
The women don't have daycare money and the parent's are forced to be educators and they are not qualified to do it. The people will work if they are paid properly offered full time employment proper medical insurance for them and their households members. They have to choose in-between working or being forced to a teacher/educator when they are not, how can they work from home and do online schooling for the children even our 2 parent home's are struggling
Obiden doesn't know how these things work.
It's the lowest paying sectors because of the low pay. Rents have more than doubled over the last five years. People cannot afford to work retail and hospitality anymore.
60 mins got it wrong. It's not the employees
Simple... People with an average IQ learned the value of self reliance vs dependency.   A job pays you $4000 per month  as an "individual contributor". The work you provide is worth $9000 per month, that leaves $5000 after that person is paid w/ benefits = Now hiring signs in the window...lol
The vaccine mandates have a lot to do with workers leaving jobs and people leaving certain cities, states.
its easy go fck yourself on the vaccine its our choice not yours you dont force us to  do anything plus biden is a idiot
The simple answer for centennials and millennials quitting their jobs is because everyone is starting their own online and digital business for the first time becoming entrepreneurs… this era is the best time for starting your own internet business; e-commerce, affiliate marketing, email marketing, network marketing, they even invest in Real Estate… is our time now
9:05 "She was balancing marriage, motherhood, and her career."  Are you kidding, 60 Minutes?  Having a supportive spouse is not "balancing," it's a benefit.  But yeah, let's roll out the old trope that women have it tough.  Not going to continue watching as I'm sure you'll manage to insert some other supposedly downtrodden group into the four minutes remaining.  I am interested in the welfare of the working poor, but not in the complaints of of the perpetually aggrieved.
What employers need to understand is quality employees have options. You have to pay us, give incredible benefits, respect us, trust us to do what you hired us to do, be flexible with our schedules, offer promotional opportunities, have supreme conflict resolution skills, set realistic expectations and give space for employee social engagement events. Thank me later or lose employees sooner.
It's not just people quitting, but employers unwilling to adjust to the new job market. With less people looking for work they should offer higher salary? No, they offer just as much or less. And often they don't even give an effort back, with people applying just getting no response despite them being "desperate". It's like having some guy sell you an overpriced item claiming "I know what I have" and not willing to get talked down.  One man said it best. There's no lack of willing workers, they just don't want to be slaves.
I've been saying for months now that it wasn't the unemployment or stimulus. This was a problem before the pandemic.
That restaurant owner seems like a total narcissist
Pay people enough to live and you’ll have plenty of workers, easy fix
Making the vaccine MANDATORY isn't helping. My body. My choice. That absolutely should not effect my ability to work or protect my right to choose. If the vaccine works for you then why are you worried if I'm vaccinated  ?? As with ALL vaccines.
The truth is that these jobs available are mostly entry level minimum wage jobs. Any job that pays $100k or more gets hundreds of applicants for each position. Just check indeed or linked in and  you will see. Especially if it is an easy to apply job where you just send your resume, the competition is fierce.
Rich high-end Restaurant owner so desperate, one came up to me and said I'll pay you $40 per hour
I wonder how much of this has to do with the current inflation rates. Inflation is running between 7 and 10 percent according to the stats released by the government. Everyones feeling it. But a lot of these companies are giving people between a 0 to 3 percent pay raise for the year. Ive had a few friends complain to me about this. I wonder if the inflation is cranking up salaries for new workers, but pay raises for current workers are not keeping up -- therefore encouraging current employees to go to a new company to get the increased pay.
It's a combination of alot of things.. bad pay.. bad jobs.. bad supervisors. I also know first hand that this generation is not going to work hard no matter the pay.. great or bad.. especially the men.. we just living in a different time
I mean a lot of jobs  are enforcing the jab and their not even paying enough and asking you to work crazy hours.
Notice how they don't speak to any of the people who have quit 😂  Why not ask the the employers who will blame anyone but themselves!
So how they survive
Employers too greedy!
Look, go into a public restroom:  I guess were not paying people enough to flush a toilet anymore.  The people under 30 don't even wash the dishes anymore and management can't get them to.  We ALL eat from dirty plates.  I know the rich are raping us, it's true.  But money doesn't keep the world moving nor PAY FOR YOU TO SIT HOME.  People like me do.
Terrible job finding out WHY this is happening. Maybe you should have spoken to more EMPLOYEES instead of business owners.
Hit the nail on the head! Life is more than a job!
It's not usually the employees fault. it's Covid's fault.   and also the stinginess of payment.
Ppl are scaling down and living minimalist. Do you really need that nice car? Do you really need that house? What’s happiness? A lot of ppl are soul searching instead of material chasing.
Get rid of the Jab and Muzzle mandates..then people will come back to work..Simple!
Did I miss the part where you interviewed a singular independent worker on a piece about independent workers?
No, they are quitting because the stupid politicians we have in charge right now pay them more or almost the same amount to not work and just stay home. Evil, Democrat fools, and they know what they are doing which makes it worse. Add to that the lack of respect, patience and work ethics with the younger generations and we are in trouble. Married women, especially those with children, should NOT be working so that's one good thing that came out of this.
Employer’s said it’s a “ workers problem “ I say it’s the government raising everything and putting pressure on citizens and public companies.   We should be pressuring the government on easing markets.   The rich are getting richer
I’ll tell you why the pay sucks in restaurants and retail they work you to death and your just working to pay bills and work that’s it no time off to yourself
Let’s Thank fake non trending wanna be president Biden everyone!
Yeah because trump scared all of the Latinos back to their motherland!
LAZY
It’s almost like people don’t want to risk their lives for garbage pay. Even if these companies are paying more its barely more. A couple dollars more per hour isnt worth a human beings life. Every employer for decades have taken advantage of people that need jobs and now the shoe is on the other foot. The employee has the power now not the employer and said employers are freaking out because they no longer hold that power over us anymore. About damn time tbh.
CBS and 60 minutes why was only one person who quit their job during the pandemic interviewed? This is like writing an article about segregation and only interviewing white people!!🤷🏽‍♂️👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽🤢🤮
60 mins is not to b trusted...   watch the story they did on DeSantis...   they got caught editing his words to make them fit their narrative. Smh
The Great Rise of Entrepreneurship
What biased garbage?! Let's interview people that have no idea what's going on. People are just sick of being treated and paid like garbage.
For me it was a pause in the headlong race, time to reflect. I asked myself what was I doing with my life and the realisation hit that I had spent virtually my entire working life treading water - I had used all the money I should have been saving trying to distract myself from the work I hated and had become trapped in. Not a good place to be. There is no easy answer but I am striving to live a cheaper simpler life and hoping I can one day afford to earn less doing something that I am happier doing.
Ask that dude biden , kamala lalala, peolisis those 💩.
People are fed up with terrible working conditions and terrible pay by terrible employers
“The omicron variant” didn’t take any toll on the workforce. The hysteria over omicron caused by media outlets is what took a toll on the workforce. Shame on them.
well when you lock people down an pay them more to stay home then to go work then issues mandates to keep a job what do you expect a virus let loose to destroy an economy an thats exactly what happened
It's become a sick joke when the employer/boss expects employees to pick up the slack when their coworkers quit without paying them overtime or increasing their pay. Instead of rewarding loyal workers who choose to stay these employers are profiteering off of the backs of such workers.
It’s disgusting that they hide the dislikes, that’s a slippery slope.
Austin is not affordable brah 👎
https://youtu.be/pZIdJ4Lkvko
Employers get what they deserve now. When I wanted a job and filled out apps no reply. Now they can suffer. I'm retired already and enjoying the show!
The American public is garbage entitled Karen's. Everyone is sick of it.
Ight imma head out
These people are fuckwits. " we just don't have enough workers"    "it's not a work problem it's a worker problem."  No. We have an employer problem. You people just don't pay enough ! We work so hard for no money. The boss gets rich , well we can't even afford rent.  Maybe pay your employees a living wage.   Everyone on this report is a dipshit. Oh imma quit my job. Lucky my husband can pay the pills and feed my baby.
What they didn't mention about the rush of people from San Francisco and NYC to smaller cities like Greenville, Boise, and Bozeman is that the affordable housing prices that attracted many of the transplants to some of these areas have increased by roughly a 1/3 in the last couple years(sometimes a 1/3 in just the last year), higher than the national average. That's a massive shift in how the local economy in these areas function. The local jobs can't compete with online pay. In some cities like these there's sub-1% rental vacancy rates causing many workers to live in cars or tents or move away for cheaper states with a better cost of living. A $15/hr job wasn't big money in these places before 2020, but people could usually survive(not thrive) if they had to. Nowadays, I figure $19-21/hr is the equivalent(at least in Bozeman and Boise). The retirees and zoomworkers are moving in at such a fast pace that this could be $25/hr within the next year or two, if nothing changes.
Its probably just a strike until Pandora papers accounts get straightened out
This makes U wonder if this is more propaganda from CBS to blind minds. I never heard any mention of the many who have quit or fired for refusing to be vaxxed.  This also includes many US Troops being punished. More need to be suspicious today of what Main Stream News tell you. I mean that in a healthy way. Especcially when they are sponsered by companies like Pfizer.
7:03, flexibility.  Sounds like NOW WALMART, PUBLIX, AMAZON, ETC.  Read the Reddits, everyone loves to work at these places (speaking sarcastically).  Oh did I mention McDonald's, Burger King, etc etc etc.
Because the government keeps handing out money like it's candy and youtube pays more if you post stupid videos
I would love to work in a factory if there was no mask requirement
This white mans world is collapsing amen
Did you ever consider asking any of the employees or any of the people quitting about their motives, rather than simply focusing on employers and failing to dig into ANY of the systemic problems that are leading to the Great Resignation? No?  Kudos for acknowledging that this is actually happening, but you had an opportunity to actually do some journalism here and you refused to do even basics.
In South America like Mexico an 8 hour job have a 2 hr lunch this allows families to eat together, do their prayers and talk about their day. Others only work 5-6 hours and that’s because most of them own their homes. They are not worried like us with a 30 year mortgage & pay bills and by Monday most of the money is gone. Some of us have have developed some kind of depression, anxiety, insomnia. I myself have all 3 of them. Always on meds. I’m already planning of quitting this year and move out of California.
LOW PAY WAGES AMAZON PAYING $15.00 HOUR TO DELIVER 200 PACKAGES A DAY WHEN YOU SHOULD BE MAKING $30.00 HOUR!!!
STOP CRYING YOU ALL WANT MANDATES YOU CAN'T HAVE IT BOTH WAYS !!!!!🤷🤷🤷🤷
Schools Should have taught us farming and building and how to sustain natural water. Now how do we reverse the damages from all the chaos we all have done to the planet
Employers might not be too eager to meet employees’ demands due to Ppe loan forgiveness.
Mostly because of the vaccine mandate dummies people are free
Well if the media didn't pump so much fear, lies and all the other foolishness people more than likely would be at work.  Oooo and also it'd probably help if the government stopped paying people to stay home😐  That might help😁
The game is rigged and people are tired of playing.
Another area hit hard is the caregiving sector. Home healthcare, medical. It's dire.
No jab no work,
The jobs that are available simply dont pay enough. Im not rushing to go back to work for crumbs just to be struggling again. Basic necessities like housing & food are becoming luxuries nowadays as it is.
easy  sick of the boomers  calling the shots
American are not quitting, they are moving to cheaper place because of housing affordability hello. The rich are not interested in crappy jobs hello.
No wonder I'm starting to see more and more people in the gym during the afternoon
7:10 And the commandment, which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death. 7:11 For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew me. Romans
Because of the stupid vaccine mandates
just let few haitians in
I need a job
And every employer IS NOT OFFERING BETTER PAY
They are not offering anything  People don’t feel valued for their work  We work all week to still be poor so why not, just not work and be free  Either way you’re poor 🤣
LinkedIn has never asked me why I was looking for a job and why did I leave my last job so how would she know?
They don’t wana pay and they treat you like trash
What is everyone doing after they quit? How are they affording food, housing, insurance, car expenses, utilities, etc….
People are tired of employers abusing them and taking advantage when they think people need jobs.  Now the employers are feeling that they actually need the people.  Stop treating employees like slaves who have no lives and should be subject to employers.
Maybe you should interviewed more than one worker. Clearly you’re siding with the owners when the people involved are the workers. While you’re at it do a piece on homelessness and interview millionaires. It will have the same amount of integrity as this piece.
People are quitting because they dont want to be forced to take the stab.  Its a revolt from a people who are fed up with this evil government.
(13:09), I totally agree with the lady.  I too don't see myself going back to the office, EVER.  No office job can ever lure me back.  I worked for the same employer for the last 18 years and I had to bite my tongue and lips many times with the nauseating feeling in my stomach having to work with bone head Managers and having to put up with them.
Interesting
pay you little money but expect you working for them for 30 40  years,  this is called loyalty ?   what a joke to me.
we work hard but the money goes to those who don't work.   why do we have to work for those greedy people ?
Working is not rewarding anymore. The ceo gets all the benefits.
Because the pay sucks, the hours suck, the conditions suck, the bosses suck, and the cost of living is so high that there is basically no point in killing yourself for a 1 BR apartment. Wow such a shocker that people are waking up and telling capitalists that wage slavery is not going to stand anymore.
🤣🤣🤣
This is less about the workers and way more about how they are treated and paid.
One of the reasons people quit is over vaccin mandate and some sell products or services TROUGH the internet .
maybe if you want to know why people leave jobs or aren’t going after job openings…why are you asking owners and CEO’s and not workers???
Tyrannical "policies" are unacceptable. -🇺🇲
God always been my provider and will keep on keeping providing. Trust in God He will never fail you. Jesus the way the truth and the Life now and for ever. Shalom❤☝️🙂
It is happening because of the current evil illegitimate Presidential administration. It is their plan to wreck the economy to bring in the New World Order. The answer is easy, people understanding the answer is difficult.
The last two sentences , are the reasons why I quit my "office life".
Mex,s are happy to work  lol
The truth is people have rejected to get vaccinated there for labor market has taken a hit.
"...when nearly every employer seems to be offering better pay"  better pay compared to what?? i applied for something and 70% of the pay will just go to my bills, how is that better pay? 30secs in the woman is already lying lol.
I didn't watch this but to summarize the truth it's the vaccine mandates
the answer is the central bankers have figured out how to steal our prosperity...  the government is bribed and blackmailed to perpetrate deficit spending at our taxpayer expense... you probably don't want to hear it.. or equally likely you can't comprehend it..  simplest scandal in the world...  die falscher LENDS governmt SPENDS makes IRS extract to pay the loanshark back
The pay is not worth it.
Time with our children we will never get back > supervisors who sold their soul to the devil protected by rules and outdated policies.
Awww i knew this would happen when i was a teen. Our parents were delusional man... now that we are our parents age we're sayin🤏🤌🖕 to strangers that take us away from our kids for money.
I see a lot of people say funemployment. Basically, using their 401k savings just to take a break from everything.
People are not only quitting their jobs but making a career switch for the better. Others are moving due to the Biden Economy forcing many American to seek better affordable living arrangements and lower coast of living expense. Others because of the get the Covid-19 jab or lose your job. So some are taking early retirement...... who can blame them ?
No actual workers interviewed!
Zero self accountability, lazy parenting creates lazy kids. Keep pointing the finger at someone else.
This country is run by selfish rich idiots
Awww they cant have slaves any more. How sad.
how about lazy, me me me III, they are disgusting and useless
Let’s just be 100% honest people are tiered of these companies bs along with the bs pay and the extra bs that comes along with it. Ask yourself how long will you accept the bs. I’m sure you wouldn’t…that’s why we are being picky now.
I did not see employees being interviewed… 🤔
I hope I'm wrong about this but after this pandemic is over. Life is back to normal. Companies will outsource most of these remote jobs overseas. They did it with customer services industry. Time will tell.
People are quitting because many dont want to be exposed to covid in retail and hospital jobs.. not cause the bs they say on 60 minutes.. why doesn't anyone want tell the truth..I've spoken to 100 people who have quit..they left because they dont want to be around the general public...covid scares them..
crimes also went up
Did you hear about the Phoenix teen that was working at a Wendy's and was shot over bbq sauce? He's ok, but who wants to put up with that kind of stuff
Gen Z live with mom and dad, so they can quit a job and stay home...no problem, they do not pay rent and living expenses. Those who must work or become homeless continue to work. The lazy Gen Z generation are irresponsible and have no motivation, therefore they will become the future homeless when they lose the home their parents worked hard to buy for their irresponsible children. Gen Z are LOSERS.
Because they're not go to take the clot shot
The pandemic opened my eyes . I love working form home . I saved money on laundry, food, grooming, and etc..
I expected to hear about quitting for vaccine mandates. But I was wrong.
They’re getting laid off for not wanting to take a poison injection
McDonald down the street from me is paying $17 an hour and no one wants it!
Imagine an episode of 60 minute's interviewing nothing but men, we would be hearing about sexism and the so called patriarchy. Yet it is ok to leave men out of this conversation, proving yet again that media, government and women treat men as resource that's disposable.
People are just born to work work work work work no time for yourself. Instead of a two-day weekend it should be a three day weekend.
people are tired and fed up with not getting payed what they deserve
stall should do a story on who's making brandon's ice cram.
These elites, don't understand the true tax laws, their counter parts taken away from the taxes law books,wage earners shouldn't never pay taxes.
chuckle, chuckle, chuckle. Rang this young guy every day for two months.. chuckle, chuckle, chuckle.  That's not harassment. is it?
Its amazing to see how these Shot mandates are completely being ignored... notice all those were in RED states.... But lets keep playing this game.
I work as a retail manager and it’s tough these days.. 70 a week is just not worth it anymore even if I’m getting 100k a year! Give me 60k , 9-5 and weekend and holidays off and I would be happy!
people are leaving democratic states and flocking to republican states.
Pay us..
Scumbag "journalists"
2020 during the pandemic employers stuck it to employees and laid them off .(fired ) since then employees had to learn how to do create income for themselves finally 2021 employees came down with “stick it to da man meiosis”.. they finally learned how the dollar bill work and decide to put that knowledge to practice…once you learn how to be your own boss it is hard to work for someone else … employers has been under paying  people since the 2008 crisis where people had to work many part time job just to make it …now it is about supply and demand .. employers need to stop hiring employees and hire independent contractors that has a steak in the company where both the employee and employers benefit .. I’m jus saying
And they say illegals taking their jobs
Labor unions unite and fight back
Big business government and central banks and planners………have been pushing the population to wage slavery well the big quit is the result ……..u greedy power hungry elites
Pay more money, and hire up from within
EMPLOYERS ❗❗  YOU PAY IN PEANUTS ....YOU GET NUTS THROWN AT YOUR FACE ❗❗❗  IT IS TIME....YOU FOLD UP FOR NOBODY WILL WORK FOR TYRANTS LIKE YOU ❗❗❗  EVERY LIVING PERSON HAS HIS AND HER VALUE AND DIGNITY......AND A SOUL.  BUT NOT YOU, SOULESS EMPLOYERS ❗❗❗
Strange… they are looking for workers, but still screen applicants out. Entry level jobs seem to demand degrees and work experience.
I'm a trucker and I've done this 35 years and wont quit.i hate bosses n time clocks
GOOD FOR YOU......QUITTERS OF JOBS.....BE STRONG ❗❗  YOU CAN FIND A JOB YOU ALWAYS WANT ❗❗ MOVE TO A STATE WHICH REALLY UNDERSTAND YOU .....👍👍👍GOOD LUCK AND BE STRONG ♥️♥️♥️
Interview more people who are quitting to get a accurate answer to why?
At this point 1.38 million have watched this but only 40,000 likes I wonder how many dislikes there are too bad YouTube excited with corporations again and got rid of the dislike count
Interview more people who are quitting!
People are paid and treated like s*** and then employers are wondering why we don't want to work there.  I wonder why?  To be fair it's not always the managers that are treating the employee like s*** sometimes it's the customers but either way we're still treated like crap and we're not paid enough to deal with it
Because the government pays them and working for someone is a scam. Much like the federal reserve. But mostly due to laziness
This is such crap! Nobidy who quite was actually interviewed. Nobody with intelligence who is on the workers side was interviewed. They did interview business owners and one of the employees also had their boss in the same video so obviously they're not going to be completely honest.
Vaccine mandates
Sleepy Joe did it.
Corrupt politicians is why
Maybe 15 years ago, I could not believe the pay rate Americans were getting. Explained all the poverty in the US.
Biden covid death count: 873,564. 126,436 more and he hits 1,000.000. That's 1 million with an M. 500,000+ in 2021 since inauguration. What a train wreck.
They keep saying that people are hiring yet I know several young people who have good past work history’s who are  looking for jobs but most places will only hire them part time even though they say they need help. My daughter is one of them she wants a full-time job not a part-time job and has been working full-time in the past and is a good employee shows up to work ,on time ready to go so I don’t get it ,employers need to realize most people want full-time work not part-time work once they are beyond high school age if they are not going to college.
Humans are just tired of working in a Toxic work environment in 2022
We hear this all the time yet I know many young people, my daughter being one who are wanting a job and no one calls them...
Keep passing out handouts
Nepotism.Most managers and owners just trust only family members.Not professianally trained .
Pay more. Stop playing games ..ill never work for another black man again....Work the sh** out of you. And pay you pennies.
Because there pay us crap!⌛🤘🏼
It's all about baby boomers and millennials again, Gen x folks or whatever they call us are a huge part of the workforce, many of us have a foot in tech and a foot in analog, and we are overlooked as usual, many of my friends are saying f-this and are trying new careers due to the micro managing bs that is so invasive in jobs now. The thing is that there are lots of us in utilities, fire, police, trades, plumbers, industry, finance, transportation, aerospace etc, that are actually the glue holding the plywood together, and when those folks quit, and there aren't people to take their place and learn, then we're in trouble, we can grow more cotton here than any place on the planet, but we don't even make the clothes on our own back and the shoes on our feet, sad state of affairs.  2020 should be a wakeup call to be more self reliant and not so dependent on China.  Granted, there are more millennials than Xers, and there are many who are hugely smart and hard working who will take it to the next level.  Not throwing shade in any way, just tired of being talked down to as a generation.  Boomers say we're arrogant and Millennials say we're old.
If tomorrow you are no longer needed at work they will simply fire you.  There is no loyalty. We work for money and they have you working to make more money.
Did they really just say “millions of baby boomers are retiring early”? Even late boomers, say, born in 1955, would be at least 66 now. That’s not early.
Paradise Klimmons https://youtu.be/JKChrK-6YzI
https://youtu.be/JKChrK-6YzI
Because yall dont pay us our worth
are we gonna reduce the work week to a 4 day work week and 8hr days to 6hr days? i would sign for a job like that
Why I tell you why because none of these medesine never cures anything is all about the money at the end even if you get the COVIC shot you still can get the virus now you want people to keep getting shots
IT IS BECAUSE THEY ARE ALL COUNTING ON BECOMING MILLIONAIRES WHEN PRESIDENT TRUMP TAKES OVER IN BIDEN'S PRESIDENTIAL OFFICE WITHIN A FEW WEEKS OR MONTHS IN 2022! IT IS RUMORED THAT EVERY PERSON IN AMERICA THAT IS NOT A MEMBER OF THE "DEEP STATE SWAMP" WILL RECEIVE APROXIMATELY 4.5 MILLION DOLLARS REFUNDED TO THEM THAT THE ILLUMINATTI FEDERAL RESERVE BANKERS STOLE FROM THEM OVER THE PAST 150 YEARS (THE TOTAL THEFT OF 34,000,000,000,000 DOLLARS WORTH OF GOLD BULLION STOLEN FROM THE POOR AND MIDDLE-CLASS AMERICAN CITIZENS AND OVER 200 OTHER NATIONS ON PLANET EARTH, SINCE THE YEAR 1871 AD!) MIND-BLOWING, BUT TRUE, AND THANK YOU ALMIGHTY GOD, JESUS CHRIST FOR TAKING YOU VENGENCE ON THE WICKED SWINE OF PLANET EARTH! THE MILLIONS OF GOLD BARS WERE HIDDEN IN TUNNELS AND OTHER UNDERGROUND CAVERNS, LIKE UNDER THE VATICAN, DURING THE PAST 150 YEARS  AND OUR PATRIOT MILITARY  TROOPS WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP'S HELP,  FOUND MANY HUGE CACHES OF GOLD BARS! HOW MANY MILLIONS OF CHILDREN STARVED TO DEATH ON PLANET EARTH IN THE PAST 150 YEARS, BECAUSE OF THESE SATANIC CULT ILLUMIANATTI BANKING FAMILIES THAT INCLUDE THE SO-CALLED ROYAL FAMILIES OF THIS PLANET, THEY ARE ALL MURDERERS, PEDOPHILES, AND BILLIONAIRE/TRILLIONAIRE THIEVES, THAT MUST BE EXECUTED BY OUR,  AND 209 OTHER NATIONS MILITARY TRIBUNALS THIS YEAR, UNDER WAR-TIME MARTIAL-LAW EMERGENCY POWERS OF PRESIDENT TRUMP, THE 19TH PRESIDENT OF THE "RESTORED 1776 CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC OF THE SEVERAL (SOVERIEGN) STATES OF THE AMERICAN UNION"
This is the most diverse 60 minutes episode Ive ever seen I love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
It’s ridiculous how these employers want you there 5 days a week, 40 hours a week. Not to mention your commute to work, plus some people need two jobs just to make it. Than many want you to earn about a couple hours of vacation every 2 weeks. Than you get two days off that seem like they fly by with the blink of an eye. So you have no life meanwhile they are getting richer and taking trips around the world. Those days have to end and it’s good that employees are demanding flexibility. We deserve to have a life too
The honest answer? Women don’t want to work. Do a real in depth report. Women think working is an accomplishment and men consider work important. Feminism is running into reality.😂🤔😂🤔🤣🤷🏾‍♂️
Slavery system
I’m glad this is happening. The rent prices for apartments in the cities are beyond ridiculous. Why pay an outrageous amount of money to live in a little box, deal with daily traffic, plus deal with the hustle and bustle, and crowded places. When I can work from home while living in a bigger house or apartment, with no traffic, close to a beach and not have to deal with so many people. It’s a no brainer
When you pay people to sit around and do nothing they won't want to work.
Its all about the money, employers can come up with excuse after excuse, (people are taking a break, people are moving, etc) bottom line is if you arent paying an adequate wage then there's no incentive to stay working for a company. Owners of businesses in particular need to stop expecting to sit around and balance the books while everyone else does the dirty work, the owners themselves need to start doing the dirty work and lower their own personal lifestyle expenses. I see way to many business owner living high on the hog and getting rich off the fruits of others labor.
Work to build someone else generation wealth get a mortgage on a house that you will never own work to keep up with the Joneses Then you die ....The New World People have woken up
And this is because people are sick of getting paid s***. It's been going on for to long now with big corporations taking a crap on the people that make there business go around. People want paid what they are worth these days.
When things return to the employers favor, I hope I'm retired, because they will be out for blood😬
Covid19 has made  things better in some aspects.
What you are seeing is a major shift in society.  This sort of thing happened in the late 80's and 90's when it was popular to sign up for temp agencies.  I do childcare which is not the same way it used to be because there is a lot of paperwork and cleaning to do. now.
Keep paying people wages they can't survive on. I can't believe some companies are still trying to pay less than 10/hr and expect to hire anyone.
why is everyone in America black  now?
"We doubled our revenue" but I bet they never once offered a pay increase!
Because the job doesn’t respect the employee and they family
I quit every Friday night, but for some reason I always show up on Monday to do it all over again😝
Well, it's good that you're not allowing immigration to solve the issue. It will mean American workers may eventually catch up to the rest of the world in terms of a proper minimum wage, and other benefits like paid parental leave, no "at-will" contracts, 4 weeks of annual leave, etc.
Because they won’t take the wicked vaccine 🙄
Flexibility is important letting employees have time off for things. But a lot of jobs can’t be done remotely. Haha good luck building a house through a laptop or shipping and delivering goods for Amazon. If it’s a menial job like pushing papers, accounting or a secretary a lot of jobs can go remote. But I think some jobs lose creativity. Like some companies have different teams of people working on projects and they get a synergy. If someone has an idea they can work or run and ask someone a question. If you’re working from home on something it’s far harder and therefore less likely to continue to have some synergies and creatively.
The pay is pure crap across the states people rather quit and go towards entrepreneurship and start their own thing the rewards are much better …start paying people more money and you’ll get more loyalty…you pay people like 10 bucks expect them to work like 15 o 16 hours a day…this isn’t China this is America land of opportunity
I reside in Greenville, SC and resigned my job for my mental health.  To leave a toxic work environment.  Life is too short.
I guess many decades of the Military Industrial Complex slowly giving way to the new fully-owned American Corporatocracy has resulted in employment conditions which are so bad that not even poor people are prepared to put up with it.  American workers are some of the worst-treated in the world.  When profits are privatized, and losses are socialised, what you have created is pure Socialism - but only for the rich and powerful. The workers are simply tools to create profit, and nothing more. They are there to be abused and underpaid in order to increase shareholder return on investment.
They are quitting and being fired because of vaccine mandate and they aren't stupid enough to get that science project injected in their A**!!!!!
Look I'll put it like this there's such a gap in our society you see people in Washington celebrities all like that are that completely out of touch and most people are just making it to stay afloat and it shows that people don't get it but at the same time sometimes you have to take s*** jobs and put up with things in order to succeed I think a lot of people are losing their grit also to get out there I've seen a lot of people get handouts that didn't deserve it from this coronavirus a lot of money and I didn't get who gots and I saw drug addicts getting $1,200 a week
Simple. Government handouts are at an all time high.
wage earners == modern slaves===pays the most tax because their income is considered "ordinary"...put the republicans in jail...they favor rich through low taxes in capital gains...billionaires pay none to minimal tax
I'm homeless and I still can't get a job !!! We're is all these jobs at
60 Minutes is a SET UP MEDIA. Let’s Go Brandon !!!
Same in Canada. Bend over backwards for an employer and all they do is fk ya.
The part when they said the benefits is what's keeping them from going back to work is a bold face (lie) it's the shots the covid shots that's keeping people from going back to work!! And yes I live 20 minutes away from Greenville SC!
Rubbish advertising for shitIN
Why is NOBODY talking about the fact that there are so many people who can ONLY work 3rd shifts or weekends, and so few places are hiring for weekends or night shifts????
No jobs nowhere
What is the deal with Reagan's son atheist commercial during 60 Minutes' broadcast? Scary and creepy!
Because they can't take off days from work like you. Notice you have been at work more .
Money has lost its power and people no longer want to work for a system that takes up time of life that you can't get back... the creator gave us life and a world to live it in...  This place will soon look like the movie  (I am Legend)... Yall stay woke
Only question do you think small restaurant makes so much profit??? And what will happened when there’s no more small restaurant (Because nobody wants to work the pay not Enough ) and what will happened if they Raise the labor so much as we  wish and small pizza will cost 50$  Are anyone willing to pay 50$ for pizza. And the person do the pizza make 40$ in hour. Only question I’m only wondering
Working from home is not productive. All the shareholders know it SO if they want to continue working from home than take 1/3 the PAY. It's coming!!!!
The middle class woke up last year. We realized the "American Dream" isn't so dreamy.
It's not high enough. Everyone needs to quit their jobs. Especially those who work for huge companies like Amazon etc.
I hope this time will allow people to lean into their purpose by pursuing work that's meaningful for you or that allows you to live out your purpose. Quitting jobs and finding your calling.
Ok so now that we can see that everyone who wants a job has a job, can we fix immigration??
Also not all employers are supposedly eager to hire -- there are many cases in the service sector which job seekers are still looking after 5 or 6 months. One of the problems? The laziness of employers to use algorithms to vet resumes. This is not all employers but tends to be the larger corporate chains.
Allow for open immigrations  Immigrants from poor nations will b more willing to work
To be honest, it pays in the US sometimes to become poor just to get affordable healthcare and housing if you want to stay in the expensive metro areas OR you move but the problem starts to become the same  when such emigres go to the supposedly "cheaper areas" these cheaper areas then attract the wealthier and then the cost of living climbs. Soon every place is expensive.
I went looking after grad school. Was told I was qualified for entry and median levels...did not get hired.
4:13, no it's not a WORKER problem. IT'S YOU don't want to pay employees an competitive/ respectable hourly wage and you expect them bend over for you.
I travel a lots over seas, surprisingly everyone I meet, told me “the richest country in the world have the poorest citizens in the world “ yes, it’s USA!!! Went to China 7 times, Middle-East 1 time, and many times to EU and Africa, none is buried with bills and loans like Americans! Almost 95% of the population. Student loans, MTG, car loans and stupid credit cards with 24% plus!!!  With Covid situation, I won’t take no job that will put me at risk. Yes I’m one of those, no Vcc. I may consider it if the virus was not synthetic, I may consider it if Uncle Sam give me some assurance if something happens to me , I’ll  be taking care off, or my family. Tell them, I’ll wait.
The reason why everyone is quitting is because the irs owes the people
Work is great. Jobs are toxic. If you can find a way to work for yourself do it.
A friend gets $2,275 every month to stay home and  "babysit" her children (4 kids).  Much better than full time at her last job at  7-11 ($900 per month).
Because no amount of hard work for someone else will earn you what you deserve.
Americans workers finally getting a voice. We are over worked under paid. Our companies don’t care about our well beings. People on 3rd world countries make more money for the same jobs we do. It’s just sad!
Pay more and treat people better ...simple
HOW LONG UNTIL IT BECOMES COMMON KNOWLEDGE THAT THEY NEED TO RAISE WAGES!?!?!?!?
Over 2 million teen agers have quit all fast foods to become gamers 👈. And being supported by their parents. This restaurant’s live from teen age workers 👈
It's all about skilled workers which are limited. It expensive to live in big cities.
thanks biden
Wow I wonder why? Lol , SATAn?
I would like to know where the hazard pay went to for the employees that chose to work instead of taking stimulus money.
That’s what you get when the government pays to stay home.
Also in my last job, I was required to work 60 hours a week. I quit two weeks after I was required to work those hours.
In one of my past jobs, I quit because I was being bullied by a manager who was jealous of my educational pursuits and credentials and felt threatened. Also, most of these managers don't respect their employees.
These jobs are getting grants and are denying applications while pretending to hire....
The govt does not need our tax  if they cannot represent us correctly...The irs has become politicized and steal to remain an agency along with politicians
They hate the good workers and let the lazy ones stand and be on there phone im fed up we all fed up!!
It’s all the karma of power plays between the super rich and the super poor. Wealth gets lesser people destroyed because to have it all and nothing is the deal. It’s a heart breaking thing to be no earthly good. Resources that can’t help anybody because they’re being blocked for no good reason at all will be the hallmark of all fools. Reality can’t make sense to the morbidly insane. Both sides rich, wealthy, poor and sick. This is where the spoil rots away that got away with… everything.
Many quit because of (proven useless) jab requirements.
Restaurants are the instruments of their own destruction, most door dashers/Uber eats drivers are former food and bev workers so by using these services discouraging them from returning to their jobs, and putting a burden on the workers you have.
Because they are waiting for "Stimulus checks" free money.
Our nation was built on industrialization not civilization civilization sacrificed itself so we could be mighty and strong but the reality of it is is the homes the family is the people they made them selves week are they made them so sick or the work environments are terrible and toxic the people that surround you that stayed in those businesses like construction restaurants hospitality lawn Forssman teaching are full of people who are willing to stay and put up with that nonsense you get told that if you don’t wanna do it suck it go take the highroad in the highroad is going to be barren and you’re gonna be lost and you’re gonna be poor and broke well maybe they just rather be poor and broke while they look for something better that feels better away from the toxicity
Boomer here. I work hard (from home) and all I expect from my employer is my pay check. I don’t really care about much else. I expect to work 40 hrs a week. Micromanage me?  I’m gone.
This Is what happens with Ubi and turning off an economy
How come everyone in this video is black? Just want to point that out.
I really relate to this story  I am a small business owner of 5 employees and before the pandemic I used to work 108 a week 7 day a week. The pandemic show me how its important is a family. I have change my business hour and I now   enjoy sunday off. Iearn if I wanted to keep my employees I gave them 32 to 40 hours week and increase their pay 5 dollar more. Even though I am not making too much profits I learn to invest in other business that requires less employees and not having me being there much all. So I could me the same amount of money as before. This really has teach us how to work.
All these huge companies offer no future. No incentive to stay. Sign on bonus is fine...however management skills and respect within the business is overlooked. What about what the employer needs. Childcare is necessary. Flexibility is necessary. Females aren't given the room with families to be the best on the job. Virtual employment is on the rise. Employees want to be appreciated and compensated. Offices need to be in the home. There isn't a need to be in a building everyday to do what's necessary. The hospitality industry just doesn't pay. They should offer classes as well to interested parties who make the commitment to the employer. Pay hospitality a $23/hr wage. How can one survive on $12-$18 dollars an hour? Barely.
How are people paying there bills without working and benefits
Clearly relates to compulsory  covid mandates
People are forgetting one teeny tiny thing...the Economy IS GOING TO Collapse sometime within' the next 12 Months. A 'Job' or 'Income' is going to be the LAST thing you're going to have to worry about when the 'S-H-T-F.' 'Prepare'. Stock up. And look after your loved ones. Things are going to become 'Beyond Brutal' within the next 12 Months.
So we are supposed to take advice from a woman who has spent her life in college and not in the real world? No thanks.
Jeez, I wonder why so many are quitting. I cant quite put the “needle” on why. Hmm, can anyone else take a “jab” at the reason why??
They will not put the blame on business / corporate America because they have the power  they will always blame the worker  CBS is owned by  Proctor and Gamble  the game is rigged
I work for General Dynamics   for 7 years with no benefits  because  was to expensive  to pay for  it. They  pay me salary   and they expect  me to work  60 hours  a week  by the time i brake my salary i was working  for $13 dollars  per hour  sucks
Where's 60 minutes finding these jobs with great benefits? Serious question I've been trying to get a job for months now
How about they pay childcare workers more, pay teachers more, and help those working moms with free or at least fixed childcare for those with higher paying jobs 🙄
In this segment of 60 minutes what I didn't hear or what they eluded from was interviewing retail, warehouse and fast food works. I didn't hear not one time about companies that are requiring employees to get vaccinated. That's one reason why people are leaving there jobs. With all the job openings the number one requirement is be vaccinated and these companies are not giving an option to be tested weekly!!!  Those should be common questions that should've be asked but was overlooked...
It's simple..we aren't going to be forced to take the jab and we are sick of wearing masks. Thank God I work for myself and live in Florida! God be with you all 🙏
We need help
Yeah but when you black it's a different story
I thought that we have record breaking employment right now? That’s what Biden administration said… sarcasm
We entering a new era apolitically economically and culturally and its not going in the mainstream predicative way. We seeing the slow implosion of the democrat party. Whatll rise from it's ashes is the nee socialist democrat party. Theyll play a key role in a basic income etc. Based of the traditional fiat. They must remove the cultural marxist legislation that exist in today dem party. We are also seeing a parallel economy coming to fruition. Thats based off of cryptocurrency and free market capitalism that offers the incentives for innovation in new technologies production and production process's. As for the republican party, its being reshaped into the new national populist republican party.
The hidden reason , no jab no job !!! Millions choosing no job !!!!! Soon all truth will come out and there will be wailing and mashing of teeth
Keep telling people to get vaxxed or you lose your job. People are choosing their personal freedom to choose their own decision for their health instead of being told vax or else. .
Tfw people leave their jobs and get on unemployment.  There is no incentive to stay at any job for a long time.  Places that I worked at people will send in their job application, but one of them replied back.  I went on unemployment myself, and some states need proof that you are trying to get a job.   Minimum wage will never be a good enough incentive.  The best incentive is to have refined skills that increases your pay, which puts you above minimum wage.
It’s not the coof. It’s the force coof-💉
I would think better than to move to the upstate of South Carolina. If it’s not chained down it’s gone. And if you like your catalytic converter better buy you some extras. I have lived in Henderson Country that borders Greenville Country all my life. It has always been bad but now with the pain pill problem it’s unreal.
#SCAMDEMIC
EMPLOYERS AREN'T THE VICTIMS. THEY'RE THE CAUSE.
Working for the devil dies not make my heart sing.  Took a much lower paying job for peace
Others have opted into getting into starting their own businesses ,crypto currency and basically just digging deeper and living off their savings.Some even opted into scams and much more like  https://youtu.be/8j-tIrlvp4s
Because of the Jab, stop lying to the public!
They are leaving because of workplace "vsccine" mandates.   Duh
Satoru Iwata was a great CEO. He wasn't like most today and a few years ago.
We could say that the pandemic was a blessing in disguise. Maybe the United States will pick up work habits of European countries. Especially where pregnant women can have more days off after child birth. Yes, the workers are in the driver's seat now!
How many former employees did you interview? I mean, you want to know why THEY quit, right? So why are you asking their former employers why they think their employees quit? The whole premise is false. If the former employers knew why their staff were quitting, they'd take steps to keep staff happy, and their employees wouldn't be quitting.
Everyone wants to stay home and play on the computer.  Unfortunately, we will always need hard working men and woman who leave their house.
Why??!? Probably cause they don’t wanna risk their and their family’s lives for slavery wages
It’s about the mandate stu….😡😡😡😡😡
“He found the best place to look” only interviews the people that people don’t want to work for instead of the people quitting.
The pandemic has made parents revisit whether two parents should be working or if they should prioritize differently.  The big car, the big house..????
I drove a bus in the city of LA and of the thousands of employees that work for that company the bus operators who are under an enormous amount of stress for 12 hrs a day. Got paid the least amount of money.
I'm making $3 less than I think I should get .and they are asking us to work the maximum hrs a week 60 and it's very hard work outside at -40 .but I hang in there bc I like my job .I soak up the overtime bc it's extra money but I'll be asking for a $1 raise every year that's for dam sure !
Worked for a company for 5 years and every year I asked for a pay raise my manager would tell me that the company was losing money. The CEO was making 3 million a year. I decided to quit and found myself a better job. My manager found somebody else to lie to. If a company pays me a penny extra I am moving with that company. Zero loyalty. No more falling a victim to greedy corporations.
Mandate stress is the reason , glad I quit
People are tired of working for low pay and making everyone else rich.
Its the mindset that they treat you like , ?
Because everyone feels "entitled", just like they were told too....
Employees have hit the reset button and companies are struggling to adapt.  The c-suite is struggling to accept perhaps lower salaries and bonuses.  60 Minutes should have interviewed more employees.   They are asking questions to the wrong group of people.  Shame.
Everyone wants to be rich and famous 🤣..  Working man doesn't bring respect.
It's time America got a much needed overhaul. We need a new, better America where:  - The minimum wage is $16 an hour - The super rich are taxed heavily - Gun control is stricter even than that of Japan - The school system is reformed so education actually works, is actually fulfilling and there's plenty of time for lunch and recess - There are very strict laws on discrimination - Most transport is eco friendly - Fat cat broadband and phone companies are replaced by a public-owned PISA (Phone and Internet Service of America) - No one has to sell one's house or whatever to pay for healthcare, healthcare instead being free at the point of need, all under a public-owned HSUS (Health Service of The United States) - The requirements for educational programming on over-the-air TV are abolished, and over-the-air networks are required to broadcast 1 hour of TV-Y programming every morning between 7am and 12pm, with exemptions for dedicated news, sports, music and shopping networks - Big tech is broken up - Entertainment monopolies, like Disney and Viacom, are broken up - One's own home is a basic right, no one has to be homeless
Just shows u what people could really be offering/paying people and it takes a crisis to make that happen. B.S.
More money no problem
Just got my first remote job and it pays extremely well. Being able to negotiate the remote idea makes me want to work harder to prove I'm worth the pay.
be more restrictive on who is able to keep getting free money. why work when you can get it for free?
Austin, Texas is very expensive to live, especially in housing.  The growth in the Austin metroplex is tremendous, infrastructure hasn't kept up.  Traffic is horrendous.
Never will the office beat being home. I felt that doing the same work but saving hundreds in 2hr commute, parking, laundry, and lunch. Then enjoying being comfortable, less stressed, no office drama, finishing house tasks on break or lunch, and using my own toilet…yup it’s the low stress flexibility for me.
No mandates! No jab passports! https://youtu.be/2BNt-0kfic8
how are people taking breaks? how do they manage to pay their bills?
Explain to me how moving to miami is a better option?!? A 1/1 is running for 2,400 a month in the suburbs. People are underpaid and overworked.. PERIOD!
Glad I didn't quit , thanks to sleepy Joe I am getting paid more then EVERYBODY that quit during the Pandemic
Why are there so many stories about people applying to all these jobs. Only to not get any responses. Employers aren't that desperate if they're still screening "undesirables" who want to work.
We’re not gonna take it! No! We ain’t gonna take it! We’re not gonna take it anymore 🎶
Sure it is worse than ever because the government is supporting them and not expecting them to get jobs!! Paws out for free money!!
Surely none of this has to do with vaccine mandates? Does it?
Fine let them quit but quit freaking rewarding the jerks with their hands out for free money!!
Hands out for free money!! QUIT Giving it away!!
Companies guy rich of us while we make Pennie’s time for a change
How many did they fire do to biden mandates is the questions.
I won't work until they raise the minimum wage to $20.00 a hour
Bill gates has a plan ai replacing humans. Big tech has a plan just call them.
The prohibition of Marijuana has created  millions of jobs for people who live in states where Marijuana isn't legal, and may I add great paying jobs...
The one thing that the people aren't saying is they're collecting unemployment.  Take the unemployment away, they'll go back to work.
Human rights and constitutional rights have been violated more than ever. Most workers were forced out of work do to mandates.
In 50 to 60 years from now robots will be working . So who gives a fook.
Employers need to pay more n offer better benefits.  We r middle class human beings, we deserve good pay for our time n health care. If I have to have car insurance by law employers should have to offer health care by law!!
They aren't.  They are getting fired. Stop spreading miss or diss information.
Definitely not because of vaccine or endless mask mandates, or bs related to that.
Spoken from a millionaire Karen trying to act like she knows what it is to work.
Employers have been exploiting labor for so long in the USA that the workers have Had it with their employers. Glad it has finally happened.
It may be easy to miss, but Mr Jordan at 3:58 reveals one of the causes of the big quit/switch. Many companies as they grow, do not let their employees see the benefits of that growth. Some will hire more people, expand to new markets, increase the pay of the owners and upper management... but the worker at the bottom, whose productivity allows the company to grow, rarely gets to share in that profit. This quickly leads to worker dissatisfaction and disillusionment.
Nobody trusts Facci or Gates or Schwab or NIH or CDC  , or that Clot Shot , just sayin :[   QC
And also the underpaid and overworked need to stop we have lost our parents because of it we have lost people with cancer because of it
We've been underpaid overworked we must be positive take advantage of what's going on with the pandemic and everything else and come up with a solution how we can better this situation as well and keep on going with life because our children are asking us question especially my 10 year old said to me Mom is my life going to be in ruins for the future broke my heart and I don't know what to say
It's very true we are not just sitting home we're reflecting we're finding ways to educate ourselves and to try to make a better life for our children to come up with a solution how can we better the future
Americans generally agree that immigrants – whether undocumented or living legally in the country – mostly do not work in jobs that U.S. citizens want, with a majority saying so across racial and ethnic groups and among both political parties. This is particularly true when it comes to undocumented immigrants. About three-quarters of adults (77%) say undocumented immigrants mostly fill jobs U.S. citizens do not want, while 21% say undocumented immigrants fill jobs U.S. citizens would like to have, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted April 29 to May 5.  This is a survey that was conducted. Some people don't have the work skills needed but are picked before someone that does have the experience.  Money does make a difference. In trucking we have alot of drivers that were taught to drive by friends and as you can see affects deliveries and driving skills(alot of accidents that could be prevented) some don't have Class A license and they don't understand why they should have a Class A license.  If you get caught driving a rig with NO CLASS A LICENSE automatic Jail time you will be handcuffed right there on the spot.
Because Of The Vaccine Mandate, Many People Who Are Frontline Workers Were Told To Obey The Vaccine Mandate And Do What They Say Or Else.
Not to worry. The Biden administration has a solution. Millions of illegal immigrants. They'll work for half of what millennials want. They show up. Every day. On time. Are contentious. Respectful. Oh, they drive wages into the ground.
Cause they're not working under a communist government mandates and control. F Joe Biden and F the media
Take a worker based issue, and only interview business owners. It’s like asking Nazis how they feel about the holocaust.
We tied boss
Many are taking early retirement and others . Many of my friends chose to do so in this economy. Many don't want to "work".
Quiting this month ✊
Or maybe they're running away from states that lock them down and take away the freedoms that they were so used to
I find it amusing that business owners would never consider working for someone else but expect others to eagerly work for them and like it.
Most are health care professionals
like my folks told me you are not a human you are just a NUMBER lol
They're getting cash jobs off the books
This will only bring in more illegal workers.
So who pays for those that say "I'm out?"... the ones that are still in!
Jesus is the son of God who died and rose three days later so you can be free forgiven healed delivered saved baptized and so much more. Believe in Him as the son of God and you are saved eternally and will live eternally. He's awesome and wants us knowing Him and spending time with Him. Ask anything in Jesus name and He will do it.🙏 🔥💕🕊️🙏🙏
because of the vaccine mandate
This is something us born and raised here in SC Hate WITH A PASSION. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE GO BACK STOP COMING. We DO NOT WANT this flooding of out of state people MOVING here to SC ANYWHERE.
Simple. NFTs
The problem is...I can stream games..or open a market online and make more then a teacher or fire fighters  and construction workers.
It is greed and bad management.
Exploitation by business People are fed up with being over worked under paid and being subjected to dehumanizing encounters with employers management and Co workers We The People are the sleeping giant we the people know our worth  We R The Resistance To Social Lies Agreed Upon
People don't want to be forced to take the jab especially after knowing gain of function is responsible for this attack on humanity   Just A Point Of View
I would quit my job too if I could afford to.
Remember when dad quit a higher  paying 8hs job for a 6hs one with less pay but way better conditions. At the time I stupidly asked why, but i was very young and didn't understood.
Guys! I’ve been working during the pandemic and employers don’t care about you at all! You would think they would be more considerate being that you are risking your health to serve people and everywhere in America there is a shortage of employees because employers have always been full of crap but they are still full of crap during the pandemic which makes employees feel even worse and have no choice, but to exit the job!
Been working retail the past 8 years. Been thinking about going to trade school. Just got a gut feeling I need to get out.
I worked for Apple a trillion dollar company they treated me  like shissshhhh
Employers treat us like garbage and we’re not putting up with this sh*t anymore.
Only low wage jobs.
“We just don’t have the workers out there” means there’s no affordable housing or lifestyle for people in your town or neighborhood at the pay rate you offer.
Dislike counter would be laughing at this video, #redsaber
Great way to pin it on the worker but not the real issues like toxic management, pay, lack of benefits and living conditions are too expensive. Great way to miss the big issue.
Not hard to see what happened.the democrats shut down the country,and it issued mandates for essential workers.in the begining,they pushed for 14 days of covid quarantine,now it's 5??people were also getting paid to not work.i could go on and on,the stupidity on the left is REAL
Wait but unemployment is down. I mean to say those people aren't getting any assistance anymore. I thought more jobs were available. How come less people are working than ever before?
"Take this job and shove it"!!
The pandemic has killed the motivation in many people to continue working these jobs. Also the idea of entrepreneurship is growing in the minds of many and I think a lot of people would like to get back to actually knowing how to create things themselves. it’s not that we didn’t see it before but I think the pandemic has a lot to do with the change in the mindset of the collective.
I agree its a combination of career changes, relocations, and lack of affordable housing and this pandemic really pushed and destroyed the job market. Hand out with benefits was minimal.
Stupidity doesn't have borders. Generation brainwashed man.
Try a 32 hour work week and more $$$  A month vacation instead of 3 days.
While some view this massive job quiting as the great resignation, great quitting, and expect an economic downturn, I see it as the great let me get a better more flexible job movement. I'm expecting productivity to go through the roof in the coming near future.
Their sick of the bull.
These folks are so fake
Ummm nothing to do with the mandates & vaxs, right? Wrong! Quit trying to deflect from the TRUTH!!!
The world is now seeing it's modern day slavery the employee makes the employer rich while the employee is held down distespected treated replaceable drained of time living at work while the boss calls the shots from Barbados and others get millions for writing poems or throwing balls around the working man who produces everything Americans need is given scraps for his hard work and sweat and back good for Americans waking up no longer allowing corporate to treat them like animals replace a hard worker for an illegal cause he will do it for cheaper and then say no one wants the job but them corporate America is getting spanked and I'm glad Amen it's the will of GOD
I was a Scheduler for one of the biggest security companies in the world. I made crap money and expected to work a insane amount after a year and a half of it. I couldn't take it anymore I quit.
I Agree Let's Go Brandon
Ever think that many jobs have been created over the last few years that people have a choice. People are not sitting at home. In 2008 we had no jobs now everyone Is working.
God forbit you get hurn on the job alk thise coming in early geting out late working on your day off  working weekend and holidays  all that goes out the window. You become a liability to the company so they get rid of you just like that!
Rockefeller said ‘I don’t want a nation of thinkers. I want a nation of workers.’.. it looks like workers across the country are waking up.. they simply have had enough of being tested like disposable garbage. The great automation and AI advances will eradicate many service sector jobs anyways.. this is a good time for people to retrain, invest in themselves.. great to see so many people liberated
I bet the guy with a construction business never swung a hammer lol
Employers need to stop the 10-99 tax for employees. Then pay them minimum wage. Hard to pay your taxes off that
Love reading all these comments! Everyone’s said it better than I could’ve 💯👏
Ask for $35/hr.
progressives are paying people to stay home.
Honestly people are quitting cause companies don’t respect their employees and housing is tremendously expensive. How are we supposed to live a balanced life if we are struggling to pay for housing and can’t save money.
Most American "jobs" are better for robots to do anyways. It's time people claim work they feel fulfilled in doing and get payed nicely to do it too. Companies do not need to rake in billions whilst paying their employees peanuts.
Interestingly they did not mention that people in overwhelming MAJORITIES are FLEEING communist cities and states. And remotely they don’t have to wear a muzzle oxygen inhibiting petri dish all day, only the truly desperate and insane would do that…
People realize the American dream is too far away and working a normal job will never be enough to have a home and a family.
People are overworked and underpaid.
There's no more respect for the employee and specially after the pandemic it's almost as if they were doing you a favor.  I started investing my savings, made enough money to support myself for a year and still worked until I just couldn't stand the BS anymore and I just quitted.  Started investing and trading while spending time with my family, they thank me everyday!
I know 0 people sitting at home on unemployment or living off $1400 stimulus. My wife wanted out of retail but eventually went back temporarily. My sister reschooled and got another job paying twice as much as she was getting paid in the food service industry. I started trading and e-commerce before the pandemic so I'm not coming back.
How do people  live without working
The reason why so many people aren’t applying for jobs - is because those employers are requiring a forced medical procedure as requirement for employment, in addition to drug screening which is unconstitutional & even the Federal government cannot legally mandate it.
them
I go to automobile dealerships and offer they less than they need to break even. for some reason no one accepts my offers. weird. maybe someday you will do a story on this amazing phenomenon.
Open jobs in Healthcare would most likely be due to to the vaccine mandate that they fail to mention.
I haven't had a job in years from horrible anxiety and depression. Don't ever see myself being able to work but I want to.
have jobs keep up with inflation
Combination of jab mandates and people sick and tired of exchanging the moments in life that really matter for so little! 🙏🏼
I blame HR Departments.  They’ve gone from being a mere clerical function to literally running companies and destroying company cultures.  Instilling fear into employees.  They’ve forced themselves between employees and their supervisors/managers.  They cull resume’s to hide good candidates.  They LIE about how your benefits are so wonderful.  They enforce age discrimination and act like total arrogant A-holes.  They keep the worker revolving door spinning and love firing people to justify their jobs and to build their HR empire.  I HATE HR with a passion.
...... You Dunces already know the answer to your pandering question. When you lefties swamp rig the election and put Democrat Demented Corrupted Racist Globalist to run your country whom take bribes from corporations to mandate vaccine for wealth then turn around and give people more money for not working. Only in America! Here in Nigeria, people go to work daily but take precautions. We have no welfare system. Democrats policies. SUCK! Imagine leaving your border open for CRIMINALS & TERRORISTS to come on in.... Your network is a JOKE!🤦🏿‍♀️🇳🇬
If you are loyal to your employees they will not be loyal to you.
Because you getting rich off my work but leaving me with worthless pay
Vaccine mandates people lose their jobs.
The best job for a mother is at home , it is one of the most fullfilling jobs
There are plenty of us out here looking for jobs. We're just looking for good ones. If you're having troubles hiring workers, the problem is you & what you have to offer, NOT the workforce.
some people is just comfortable waiting a free check from the government for each child, i think since the government is sendind money per every child you have it is concerning but is happening i will keep listening and see if you mention that topic. also the force vaccination is another topic
We are not hired to become only numbers and slaves, lastly peasants.... we are hired to become a team with u and ur company, and all others who are working to help grow the business... but that's not what employers see... they see us as little rats who they find needs nothing else but to get the job done... we're not important, only important to be there for what they need us to do for them... what employers do not want to see and understand, is that we the ppl, should be working WITH them, not for them... we become family, not soon be type of item to their convenience and profit... we are the ones who keeps their business rolling... if it weren't for us, everyone's business will fail and go down... if everyone was to literally quit their jobs all around the world, not even one single person working for any jobs... I guarantee u, all business will have no other choice but to close down due to no staffs... meaning cubs, target, any sort of retail, government/state jobs... u name it! Treat us like humans!!! We are the last string that keeps the instrument in perfect condition... losing the most important string will be incomplete!
Because I don’t want to work!!! The Great Resignation! Join the Movement!!!
Jajajaja evething a lie
Very concerning. At the end for this to work productivity have to increase whether by man machines or animals if not the country will suffer. America doesn't exist in a bubble, economies are always competing. China has already beat 🇺🇸  in productivity. Will this cause the country to fall further behind and if so for how long
Wish the journalist had the balls to ask how much is the pay
Companies and businesses: We’re hiring, but we don’t have position for someone of your skill set, thanks for coming out.
Worxbee ad, noice....
This is so dumb. Even the brainwashed sheeple out there know the real reason why the economy is failing. Trying to spin the facts around like this and make it sound like people are just out their living their best lives is such a misrepresentation of the facts
a lot of employers don't appreciate good employees!
The populace that you say is quitting at a higher rate are suffering from financial abuse.
Ppl dont want to be Vax for a job period not even me
1. Work sucks 2. Half of the workforce is women, a woman's place is in the home. Nature is healing.
Facts company's honestly have gotten worse after the 4th quarter they allow people coughing with out a mask in the store it's disgusting and cut the time for recovery of covid to 10 days to 5 days we basically gone from essential workers to expendable workers
You have to treat your workers like you want to keep them after they are hired. The times where the job feels like you’re lucky to work for us is over. An employee working for a company is transitional where both benefit, companies treat workers like only an employee benefits. Flexible schedules are just the beginning. In retail where the customer can talk to you anyway but they are always right is one reason no one wants to do That anymore. Family needs to come back and be the most important thing in our lives
You know why!
In India too attrition is at the highest level. As per my understanding, this trend is going towards situation where "employee" would not be a general work setting like before, this is going towards independent workers (not contractors)who would be more of a partner in business than a worker.
Are these people that think that people are quitting to continue getting unemployment brain damaged? Everyone knows you cant quit your job and get unemployment. If you so much as refuse a shift you are violating the terms.
im not giving 40 to 50 hours of my life for 400.00 after taxes while the bosses check is 10 grand a week
when I worked at XPO logistics they hired me and told me the hours are 8 am to 5 pm Monday to Friday 14.50$ an hour. On my first day they asked why I didn't show up on time after telling me to be there at 8 am. Told me ON THE JOB that I'm supposed to be there 6 am to 6 pm and they told me to my face that whoever told me the hours are 8-5 lied to me. Then I find out its mandatory to work Monday to Saturday 12 hours a day and late into Saturday they try to get people to volunteer to work on Sunday for an extra 1$ an hour on Sundays. So that's 84 hours a week they want you to work for them and when you tell them that you want to take that Sunday off and have rest time they call you names and degrade you for "not being a team player" meanwhile the managers that force you to work those hours work 8 hours a day Monday to Friday.   In my first week there I used the bathroom 2 times in a 12 hour day a total of 10 minutes not on the floor and a manager called me up to the office and told me that its unacceptable to use the bathroom "that much" (2 times in 12 hours) and they told me they were taking that time out of my paycheck because I'm "stealing time" from the company. They acted all surprised when I never showed up the next day. I put in some applications and within a week had another job.
Lol.  Cause they not right
People are not going back to a $15 hour a job it's not worth my health to go out there for 8 hours for $15 that my bills go past $15 rent right now in the city as well almost $2,000 we're not counting the food that's another $2,000 we not counting the fact that you got to get on the train which is another way $1,000 we not counting the fact that you have to find child care for your child and if your child is not vaccinated they're not taking them so you tell me where's this f****** world going to it's going to s***
I find it interview very funny that nobody's sitting here saying they quit their job and they all vaccinated at the end of the day every last one of these people are vaccinated they could go back to work if they choose to go back to work but they don't but then they'll sit there and tell you in a minute oh but the non-vaccinated
Quit your job🤔this will not last forever this will not last for long
I just realized the still shot of the two "boomers" walking is from my town
People want 100k a year to wait tables. Smh
Benefits.... lol
8.7 million people quit there jobs just since November 2021 due to vaccine “ mandates”
There are plenty of illegal immigrants willing to work
Cause Brandon gave people more money to stay home and are fed up of being slaves!!
Forever entry level jobs with bad health insurance options and no way to ever buy a home. Jobs that don't lead to homeownership or personal goals. Dead end jobs there are many many many dead end jobs in the USA that don't match up with the actual COST of living a rewarding life.
The incentives and benefits are becoming worse for workers . It will only get worse after inflation.we need jobs that will get us housing like the generations before us. If you work a job and are still living at moms because the cost of living doesn't match pay, there is no solution
I have a felony so I can’t work for anyone
Meanwhile Minimum Wage In Louisiana is 10 dollars…
That's absolutely crazy women and young adults quitting their jobs for hobbies and to relax that's why america falling back not in china so long as you could walk them Chinese working day and night and sooner than later they'll take lead !
And these companies that lose employees expect other employees to cover their work at the same pay. Greedy
They make more money with Facebook/ YouTube, Instagram then you can ever imagine. …
Sad part is the company's and business hiring are not taking care of the employees who stayed working and are still working they are uping the new hire pay to entice people to come to work.
Oh. Not to mention it’s frowned upon when you take time off and you can’t see your family.
Some or most of employers think they still own slaves !!! They ABUSE , DISRESPECT, ETC. employees !!!!
People realize that the companies need us to continue to make money not the other way around we can find somewhere else to work
Retail sucks especially big box retail. They work you to the bone. They don’t care about you. Find a job doing something else. I’ve already told my kid. Do something else
The ones who went remote were the employers: "Apply online"
I recently quit my job. Let me tell you, that what I've experienced after the pandemic hit was total destruction to work force. No empathy nor compassion to anyone in the facility. Like, all they seemed to spill out was,"get the job done". Shame, no wonder people quit the work area.
They except you to lift up to 75 pounds and pay you $12 in hour ?!
They totally missed the point. This is an OkBoomer story. They don't understand why many Gen Xers, Millennials were watching their parents and grandparents have nice homes and benefits in their 30s and looking at themselves realizing they weren't going to have it. No one wants to work 60 hours for 40 hours pay, no benefits, no vacation, no pension, having 5 or more bosses for a job, open availability so no chance to have a social life, being called on your day off and demanded to come in.
MANDATES + AMERICA = QUIT
Maybe if they hire felons then it will change
What government check, I haven't seen a check so that's a lie...Some employers are a bunch a jerks and don't treat their employees with respect...
You only live once. why spend it breaking your back for a company that doesn't give a F about you. we need to change as a society and remove money as a motiv. money won't give you what you truly want.
Thanks for Sharing this video!! Wonderful information!!
I have been working since I was 18yrs. Worked little bit of everything.. Cashier, Customer service, Pre school teacher , retail and in that time Also had 2 very Sucessful own. Businesses .I am working on a 3rd . I just keep going... Dream big... Never give up!!! We all have alot driven passion !! No One can walk in your shoes , only You can do it!!! Have a very blessed Day!!
People don't just quit jobs and live on nothing.  Most are being subsidized by the government.  My niece and her husband have good jobs and yet still have stacked up $15,000 from the government in 1 year just because they have 3 children. They are scared to spend it because they figure the government will want it back.
Don't you just love how 60 minutes never addressed HOW the pandemic was handled...just blamed it on the so called pandemic.
I think it's because of social media platforms and YouTube people are making money off of this and why would they work if they can make 100s of thousands at home
It's because of the vaccine mandate.  Stop lying to the public.
I can’t even watch this. You have made it look so wonderful and noble for people to not go to work. As if everyone who is not working is doing it because they have higher goals. You never mentioned the people who have no goals but just discovered they can stay home and collect unemployment. What about the fact that our country is being hurt by no work force and inflation is rising. No matter how you look at it, when businesses can’t make money because they can not get the work done for customers who want to give them money for purchases or services it is going to bring our country down and if you are a citizen in this country, that means it’s bringing you down. Prices are going to continue to rise and the poor are going to really be stressed beyond belief financially.
There really isn’t a bad job out there, however there are some very bad managers……and there is your difference……
I don’t work for my employer because of how I’m treated or how I like my job or not, I do it to feed clothe and shelter my family. Grow up!
I also believe we are seeing older management (that previously were extremely capable of leading an organization) begin to leave. Then they are replaced with younger less experienced leaders that are actually incapable of leading others. These younger leaders attempt to manage companies through the use of excel spreadsheets and data rather than promoting people from within that may be fully capable of managing regardless of having the degree or not. Resulting in job abandonment due to a lack of trust for the direction of their futures. Just my two cents…
FJB
Maybe just maybe people don’t like the mandates and the government pays better
Its all planned Called. WORLD WIDE RESEST Look into it.  Its real.
The way our Government officials have handed this pandemic is the reason. They actually fined small businesses out of existence because of c-19  mandates. Shame on them...stop acting like you don't understand how this is happening.
You literally the heard construction owner. This is why we are quitting. Especially the younger generation. “We have doubled our revenue year over year, we have the work, just not the workers.” The workers are there. Wages for construction are still in the 90s. Especially Arizona. I hope more people quit. I hope business owners feel the pain of being cheap. It’s our time to shine.
Who wants to work with a muzzle on all day?
Without addressing a hugely broken Justice System America never recovers from Trump's judicial and jurisprudential disaster.  Which is an extension of the W disaster.
The problem with employers today is bc. They required you to have many skill knowledges...It is not possible for everyone to be proficiency in all areas especially in IT.  Employers greedy and doesn't want to hire everyone person for every tasks.
Boomers and Zoomers, the two biggest loser generations of all time... Gen X was misled and Millennials are stuck between a rock and a hard place.
Like any other market, if you want to compete for labor, you have to attract it with higher compensation - It's not complicated.
I worked for a company that used to fire people left and right, now it's begging people to work for them. I called it KARMA!!!
Burnt out?  Most young people have never been “been on fire”.
Any job which can be done from home should have a Remote position. Especially for women. I work remote and I am very productive. I am able to manage my household and my job very efficiently.
I guess the big shots who created this mess and firced  workers to work from home are thinking twice about what B's they pulled.
We have too many jobs now where people can work from home or just use the app and do delivery jobs on your own schedule. But now with the ppp loan people were able to open there own business.
BS Alert! People are leaving Liberal companies and liberal cities, so they don't have to put up with high taxes and Convid insanity!
Why was everyone black in this episode?
Because you demons stimulated them at home that’s why, and all by design. 10 DISLIKES FOR YOUR LIES TODAY:  ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
Hire the Mexicans.
It does it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out why these people are quitting...no one wants an experimental shot this is horse shot 60 min.....u f÷cling no WHY.😣🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐼
It's not a "worker problem" it's an employer problem. These companies have to start paying people a living wage
windbag
There all lying... that's why
Keep giving government handouts. This is the result! Let's go Brandon!!
Gen X'ers raised ultruistic kids who aren't going to take the crap that the Boomer generation spews on everyone.  It's about work-life balance.
MSM again presenting their viewpoint that employers are evil and exploit workers. I wish they interview people with better work ethics who value labor and are currently working.  See who they chose to interview.
I like the part where it says it's not a job problem it's a worker's problem since when it became our problem when they just want to pay low pay and expect us to live with that and raising every and raising every food item out there I think slavery is over that's why
Hire filipinos from Philippines, We need work..
I came here to read the comments. Paused the video and started reading.
Whatever the story may be you can be certain you'll never get it from 60 minutes.
They don’t understand they are turning America into a  Third World type of country.   If people don’t work we will become the poorest country, not the wealthiest anymore
So after watching this all black episode of 60 Minutes I have to question all the rhetoric going aroudn that "people of color" are discriminated against and have no opportunity in the United States. I saw BS on that! I do hope the people featured on this show didn't vote for Biden!
This is why we need Robot to replace Human workers!
THESE JOBS DO NOT DESERVE THE PAY. THESE PEOPLE ARE JUST LAZY AND WANT MORE MONEY AND BETTER JOBS BUT HAVE DONE NOTHING TO DESERVE IT. PROBLEM IS.....IF YOU WERE FLIPPING FRIES BEFORE COVID HIT, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO BETTER YOURSELF SINCE.? THESE PEOPLE ARE JUST LAZY. AND THE MILLENIALS ARE ENTITLED.
how about the masses of people who do not want to take the jab!!!!
Biden and his liberal idiots caused all the economy problems
Started hire senior citizen that's in good physical health it's a lot of them out there that will help them afford to live off of what they're getting I hear a lot of them say they need the extra money they wouldn't mind working that would help out a lot!
Okay first of all you guys are lying because I want to go apply for Chipotle I've never had experience in a restaurant but I needed to work they didn't hire me second I apply for the call center for Wells Fargo they didn't hire me cuz I have no experience what happened to the training I thought they would train you or they did not hire me and I'm still looking for work so that's BS
THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK HAS BEEN TOTALLY TAKEN OVER BY THE US TREASUREY AND THEY WERE JUST A MASSIVE ILLEGAL CRIMINAL BANKING CARTEL THAT WAS OPERATING IN AMERICA AND THE TOTALLY ILLEGAL IRS WAS JUST THIER COLLECTION AGENCIE OF CORRUPT FELONIOUS CRIMINAL TRAITORS!!!!!
The top reason is: it starts at the top spot in the employer. If you don't take care of your staff, you don't take care of your business like you should.
ALMOST EVERYONE IN AMERICA IS QUITTING THIER JOBS TO TOTALLY DESTROY THE DEMONRAT PARTY OF CORRUPT FELONIOUS CRIMINAL TRAITORS THAT HATE AMERICA AND THE CONSTITUTION AND THE BILL OF RIGHTS AND EVERYONE IN AMERICA SHOULD HAVE ALREADY STOPPED PAYING ANYTHING TO THE IRS BECAUSE WASHINGTON DC IS TOTALLY BANKRUPT AND IS ALSO BEING TAKEN DOWN BY PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE MILITARY!!!!!
There is also a trend that everyone has signs up that say they are hiring but when you apply, you never hear from any of them.  My daughter is in administration for a large company and she says there was a discussion about it at a recent meeting but nobody explained this phenomenon.  Are these places not getting the online applications that are being turned in or are they willfully not interviewing applicants?
They never really addressed how people are paying their bills, if they’re not working. Are they saving anything for the future?  The video was mostly about the change in the workforce, and I was hoping to learn more about what the unemployed are doing
Interesting this video is essentially an all-black cast of characters
I believe we are going to see alot more young women choose to be mothers and wives instead of dedicating life to a job, no matter how good the job is. some know what's more important. homemaking and passion.
Just watch. Rather than raise wages businesses will successfully lobby Congress to allow them to import more cheap labor from abroad.
While I'm here applying to any job  but have been waiting because they have to "go through applications." I've applied from Taco Bell to the medical field (which is what I did before.) They act like they aren't still picking and choosing themselves or making it more difficult. If it's a new person who is new to the trade and are a hard worker, train them. People rather let their company suffer and complain.
These jobs need to stop treating people like crap and offer work life balance. People are burnt out and people want to be treated well while at work. When the average vacation people get is a miserly week off. People should be able to take 2 weeks to a month off to recuperate. And there needs to be daycare reform a better child care system so women can work and not have to worry about childcare.
All these people moving from big cities to these small towns and lets be honest its people leaving deep blue states and going to red states, they are going to make these smaller towns not affordable for the people who have grown up there, people who have family ties to that region for generations. All because some yuppy for California or New York wants to move there.
"Employers are treating people badly. Landlords & employers are actually creating the communist and socialist; if they treated people like people instead of like cattle, there wouldn't be so many commies talking about implementing maladroit, ridiculous, draconian rules.".
How about pay more and respect more.
SC sucks nobody wants to stay there... they act like the civil war aint over there
Funny that no one mentions the fact that we have unknowingly created a HUGE influx of lazy, entitled people by giving them more money than they made working.
Mandates and vaccine passport ,weekly test, discrimination. That's why not pay nor how your boss treats you.
American employers — within the ranks of the executives, managers, HR, etc. — have treated the most vulnerable workers as expendable, interchangeable, and next-to-worthless for DECADES.  Don’t believe for one minute that most of these individuals are actually fundamentally changing their attitudes about human value.  Anybody who has worked enough of these horrible jobs knows how deceptive,  patronizing, selfishly opportunistic and untrustworthy these so-called “leaders” often are, ready to throw subordinates under the bus for any reason.
This reminds me of that interview Elon musk about robots doing some of these tasks/jobs in the future.
People are leaving tyrannical Democrat run cities ! Change your voting habits if you are coming to a red state  !!
Lets go Brandon!
110% brought on by the federal government and employers not making it worth it. No excuses just what it is. Stop saying the people are the one that are the problem, it’s not us… Just another group of people you’re insulting. Just like the vaccine.
it is called burn out. people are over worked expectations are rising all the time, salaries are hardly improving no really room for development or getting a better position and I think that a lot of companies went down to the route of: “ be happy that you got a job “ attitude during the pandemic and this didn’t resonated well with employers. this is just the beginning in my opinion. it will come to europe as well.
Yes. If not now, when.  Carpe diem 🙌🏾
American employers mostly are greedy they don’t care there employees my husband and I are both professionals and we’re burned out with our jobs so when opportunity came that a foreign company offered a job to my husband he immediately took it and we live overseas for 11 yrs the best decision we made the benefits he got was the best plus amazing vacations that we’re able to visit to more than 45 countries. We’re back home now he retired 3 months ago and thank god we’re not anymore slaves to companies here.  😀
Notice how "left leaning" 60 Minutes prints the name of Donald J. Trump on the government stimulus check (presentation slide). Most of these excessive government stimulus payments have come in the last calendar year under Joe Biden administration.
We are overtaxed over regulated. The more we make the more they take Our tax money is being wasted at an astonishing rate The government has become greedy dictators Rent is too high utilities are too high property values too high Groceries and any other things that you can buy are too high... Why would you in your right mind want to support any of this
It’s true. Americas are burnt out from the long hours and short pay. These jobs would be filled if the cost of living was lower. The reality is with rent, gas and food through the roof, people are demoralized. It must suck to be under 40 in this country. They don’t pay young people the right way so they aren’t showing up. The ones that do don’t get paid more…Jesus if you work a full day, its still 60$ a G for wax at the dispensary or an eighth. That alone is demoralizing
If 20 million people quitting their jobs in the 2nd half of 2021 then how we have a 3% unemployment rate .. shouldn't it be alot higher?  We have some shady reporting- skewed data to fulfill an agenda and narrative
Her opinion on Americans burnt out. My opinion is you labeled workers essential and non so now they are worried to go back doing the same thing. So they changed trades. People are leaving California and Chicago crime and cost
After working to death for 30 years in the Philippines and overseas, SAVING as much as I can, investing in knowledge, investing in the stock market, cryptocurrencies, and rental properties, I raised my MIDDLE FINGER to my boss and quit my job, and headed back to the Philippines in 2017, NOW I am living like a Prince together with my wife and my daughter, biking, cooking, playing with my Belgian Malinois, and farming in my micro farm, occasionally taking some ONLINE gig and tending to my Affiliate Online Business, what can I ask for, I am living the DREAM...
So many people want to work but have to have the proper education. Just hire people that want to work. Simple.
We on that crypto haha
I'm happy that folks are leaving and doing for them! Be your own boss! I never believed in working hard for someone that'll still be asleep and get paid way more. I've always disliked the fact that the CEOs have the power to limit the time you have with your family.
I quit my job because of these openings that were available. ANY job you can dream of is out there. I didn't find my own income but I did find a job I truly enjoy. Went through 3 "quits" to find it.
People are quitting their jobs because of vaccine mandates!!! HELLOOOO PEOPLE!!!!!
Why would anyone want to work anymore? You are working for what? Can’t pay your bills nothing to look forward to ? You can thank the democrats and there political decisions , like passing laws to destroy unions, everything the democrats do destroy good jobs, wake up people get rid of the scourge you call democrats.
Its NOT worth a job where u can die from covid. Btw as of 12/21....companies r not required 2 pay u if ur out from covid. I caught covid last week...was out a week...my job "gave me" half of my usual check bc they thought is was "fair"...bc it's not required.
Where do they get their  money STOP WELFARE
Generous government benefits.....I almost fell out of my chair laughing.
Do ur own homework .why didn't u apply for some jobs and see what happens .love how it's a news report but they didn't investigate anything .all they did was take someone else's opinion as gold without doing there own research.there a joke
Could it be that previous 2 worker households have cut back and are relying on 1 person to take the risk of going to work? That's the way it is in my household. My wife stays home. I work. I do the shopping. I represent my household keeping my family safe.
I'm curious, how many people who quit their jobs have had Covid 19? Is there some change in mindset once you have the virus?
Hmm forced vaccinations inflation idk trump 2024
I would tend to agree with MOST of reasoning in these interviews. However, we are also seeing a rise in the homeless. There needs to be more help for these people to reintroduce them to the workforce. And, better pay and better working environments.
They’re NOT hiring. I know way too many people applying for work. Dozens of applications to places advertising that they’re hiring. Nobody ever even has enough curtesy to say, “No”.
They pay us that little money and they think we happy with that we can't make it out here by ourselves
This is will ensure the implementation of AI and ROBOTS will appear in  the workforce creating a world of insanity for ………………
You can thank the leftist democrats for this.  You idiots that actually voted for these idiots and to to those that participated in stealing the election, Let's go Brandon !!!
Lets go Brandon
Really YouTube??? You took down my comment.😒😒😒
I liked my job, I liked the people. I was at a prominent bread bakery making excellent money. I took a $15 pay cut- because I'm tired! We were essential, open everyday! I couldn't do it anymore. My body hurts! 13 days on- 1 off(if you're lucky).
Report true news on why people quit
I hope businesses run out , they don’t deserve hard working people
Come to Mexico open up the border or other 3rd world countries, they’d gladly take these jobs
After being terminated as part of the Great Layoff in March 2020, I had to think outside of the box. After nearly 7 months of unemployment, I was able to secure remote work with a startup. It's been a year now and I still work remote, and am moving to rural America in a few weeks to have a meaningful, more fulfilling life for my family and myself.
Does anyone notice this video is like 97% blacks?
Pay people!
Employers need to stop thinking about the bottom line. It needs to be about how you and your employees can help the employer reach that bottom line. We should not be slaves to someone's dream or their bottom line. I also left my health care job where I was strung out and overworked to the bone. I now work at home for a health insurance educator.
I like my professional career, I don’t like the company administration. They think they can shuffle people around like a bouncing ball. They don’t care for the employees one bit. I see it over and over again. We’re all humans, treat people humanly
I have seen many women with children quit their jobs because the children went to remote schooling and someone needed to be home with the children. The other group I have seen was employees that were able to retire before COVID decided time to retire.
Hilarious how 60 min chooses to use a stimulus check with Trump's signature as president rather than the SMO who is illegally occupying the WH and caused most of this economic turmoil!
I moved from the Rocky Mountains to the Appalachian Mountains, lower cost of living, higher quality of living, peaceful, homely.  There is no need anymore to live in metropolitan areas with remote work.
So only wmn are resigning.
Women don’t go back!!  Home school your damn children!!
Uipippipippippippippipippipippippipippip
60 Minutes: does special on workers quitting  60 Minutes: interviews rich employers who exploit labor for profit margins
I work for uber eats and make $175 in 6 hours. Granted I'm using my own vehicle but it's a work vehicle.  I save all my receipts for fuel,  mileage, maintenance and write it off.  No peckerhead "boss" telling me ANYTHING and for as long as restaurants exist,  I have a job.
We can blame Harry the quitter. Hahaha 🤣
Because they don’t need to earn a living. You can milk tax dollars from others who have to work to live.
TikTok challenge, Mooch off your parents/ be a bum and never get a job again. This is the new generation.
Work life balance please 🙏 that's all most want
We pay a large bonus for perfect attendance, idc if you get your bonus or not, lol. Beas flexible as u want
I always listen to these types of forums, because I feel they might most like have reliable information, but lately I have to question the vararsity of the data.  I have been in market for a job for years, I am academically qualified yet the only jobs I am offered comes with a pay scale of $10-18 an hour.  Where are these good paying jobs?
Grab a hammer homie, get er done!
It is time to revenge 😉. . Employers have enjoyed a lot paying low wages n less benefits ...
If we live to 80, we spent for 23 years sleeping; went to school for 6 years and worked for 13 years which leaves us with 31 years left to party.
Is it a worker problem or a lack of a good income?
Finally waking up huh
What i find funny is jobs/ corporations don't respect or care about us to begin with. So they sit in this video and say we're the problem....  good luck finding employees lol.
Minimum wage in Pennsylvania is still $7.25 an hour after 13 years and a pandemic, (the last 13 years is the longest minimum wage has gone without being raised, if a pandemic crippling the country wont get them to raise the minimum wage what will?) When people need help the most not only are they not given it but instead because of inflation it makes it even harder to live when it was already impossible before. Places have to shut down because they cant get enough workers, yet they still wont raise the minimum wage, They say they will do anything to get people to return to work yet they still wont raise the minimum wage. Covid cases are again rising and people don't want to risk dying for $7.25 but they still wont raise the minimum wage, and this whole time rich people who own businesses say they don't understand. Understand this: it's called karma. A business owned by a rich person shutting down is nothing compared to a human being starving to death because you wont pay them enough to eat AND pay rent AND pay bills. $7.25 an hour is enough for one of the three, Anyone who works 40 hours a week should never have to choose if they would rather pay rent and not eat or eat and not pay rent and bills. Grow a conscience: Raise the minimum wage to $15 for all states not just a few. The rest of us are in big trouble and need help. Don't wait another 13 years. Now is the time.
Yahawah is destroying Esau. For the destruction of the Hebrew Israelites AKA the so-called the natives, the so-called Spanish, the so-called black Americans included the  Levi that are in the Caribbean
Because they got a taste of free money and learned that they don’t have to pay rent
We need Nuremberg trials and now !
Lets see how this is 6 months from now when the free money gets shut off. These Jobless people didnt all get higher paying jobs overnight. This is just a liberal socialist propaganda video
No one wants to work a labor job you gave out a bunch of free money that was the problem
When the pandemic hit ,me and my coworkers lost our Jobs. They told us with 2 hour warning and told us to empty our desks and leave the keys on the counter. We were one of 5 locations still open in our entire company of 50 that hadn’t decided they didn’t want to work when everything first happened. When everything opened again, they only offered full time employees part time hours. They terminated my manager who had been in the company for over 20 years because she costs too much. These companies don’t care about you! Ask for the salary, hours and benefits you want. If one says no another will say yes
all low pay, low skilled, soon to be automated or eliminated.
The "pandemic" didn't shut the country down...BIDEN DID.
When you pay people to not work, they wont
They can hire me I will come from the Bahamas 🇧🇸
10:06 Kenzie Biguns. Lol. Biguns. Lol.
I WANT TO WORK @ DUNKIN DOUGHNUTS!! HAVEN'T HEARD FROM THEM🤔
Just double the minimum wage. Ez
it's absolutely disgraceful the way life is thought of lately. because making a lot of money businesses tradition is way more important than all life itself.  in the nineties corporations started they began as everything else does building up spreading around getting bigger making even more money. this became the new corporate world. kind of reminds me a little of that action movie The Matrix cause now a days people are plugged into the internet watching videos a lot. over time we didn't realize right away the environment would spread a parasite that would infect thousands of people.  there was no plan at all to contain it and not every person got vaccinated we could have saved them before it had been too late. many that were here are gone now real sad isn't it.  certain videos show the worst kind of people no self respecting person would ever consider being in a relationship because of bad personality.  scams and crimes going on without efforts made to stop it. corruption is still going on as well. Social Media and the news is proof of just how things are going in the world today.  Adult Chatlines are pointless with guys rich spenders throwing large amounts of money to attractive individuals that don't acknowledge them all the time.  see we don't know how to care for one another humanity is very little society chooses to look the other way not get involved in anything. hate groups will attack others for being different so it's not a happy new year for everyone.
The revolution of consciousness!
Or... maybe the demand for any given service just doesn't equal the cost of what an employee is willing to deliver for the corresponding pay. If the demand was massive the pay would be as well. People have learned to live isolated minimalist lives for 2 years from the pandemic. The demand for business was trimmed out.
Greatest country on Earth??????? duhhh....
Just another step towards socialism.  When businesses finally figure out a good method for running their businesses without the same amount of employees people are gonna be crying the blues.
Gen zers are leaving because of the bs mandates.
Lies
It's not about the job it's about your safety ... No life no future . .... Thanks for the government that created a deadly virus .
Maybe, just maybe, people are tired if working themselves to death to make some else rich
People are tired of working for free, no good benefits, Industrial jobs have you doing 12 hour shifts ot Mon- Sun, overworked, underpaid and now they increasing wages and trying to make it right. Then inflation and low wages, The pandemic has opened people eyes to reality. Why be loyal to something that doesn't care about you.
so if there is so many work places in America, why I still have to get visa to come there live? Maybe just make it easier for countries like Poland for example, because it would be fun to get work in there and see what America has to offer.
Minimum wage should be realistic $100 an hr or work online #Duhhhh
Because the dollar has no purchasing power anymore duh
All you have to do is look at the labor participation rate in this country.   It is about 10% LESS than Finland where they actually want to create REAL JOBS...
these jobs wanna give workers all these high demands but can’t even atleast make they’re employers feel appreciated enough smh
No vaXX no job.  We aren't stupid
This is not only American thing, im Malaysian share the same sentiment
Honestly i just blame democrats for all this , blue states are to expensive to live in and also y’all didn’t care to mention the vaccine?
Who is getting unemployment now? The internet (knowledge) has brought the great equalizer.
I'm getting money on the internet, you tube, NFT's and stocks and soon the metaverse who needs a job? working for some rich snob who can give AF about you
They don't want to get the vaccine, that's the answer and they know it. Companies are essentially forcing it, Businesses are making you suffer for it (without a vaccine card in door dining, the gym, etc are prohibited) so they're like f*** it. I'll just have to figure it out on my own.
Yeah they didn't rush back to work because they still have so much extra money from all that ridiculous pay in unemployment.
Typical, another piece where they choose only to scratch the surface, and not look at real reasons why so many people leave or have left their jobs.
It amazes me that people think the government cares for them. I'm done paying taxes to watch governments change laws that take our rights an freedoms. You want to mandate a jab?  I mandate not paying taxes. Now the government can fall on their face with less money to push their agenda.
What total horse 🐎!  This is primarily about personal freedoms and I think you should know what I an talking about.
What country is this documentary from? Liberia? South Africa?
Those few million other women “not in the workforce” are on only fans and strip clubs. Does the LinkedIn CEO have that data? I doubt it
The companies want ppl to work 12 hours shifts,including Saturday and Sunday + they want ppl to push,pull and lift,seventy #s or more throughout their entire shift,in a fast paced environment.
Voluntary slavery isn't working.
I always said the USA will need more immigrants than less. America must maintain a very strong workforce to sustain itself. Stop that craziness about immigrants are taking our jobs.
They don't want the Jab and the testing.
It's not a worker problem. It's a rich problem. There are too many rich and they need to be made poor like the rest of us.
I quit my job last year first time ever in 20 years in work force
just come out and say it, CNN. You hate poor people.
Because of the age of Aquarius Pluto’s return
I know several people who were forced to quit their jobs because of vaccine requirements. Also the government was sending TRILLIONS of dollars to Americans over the last 2 years. It's interesting, when you pay people for not working, they don't work. Who woulda thunk it!
u.n.i.o.n.s.
its a cycle. coca cola is healthier than diet cola this year! next year diet colas healthier.
It's not rocket science. People are starting their own companies and trying to get employment that will not get pulled out from under them as soon as the government says there is a shut down because of a new variant. The other thing is many were under paid and under appreciated. Employers really need to think about employees as an asset especially the ones they want to keep. People need to be able to pay rent and bills and more and being underpaid is no longer an option especially if you have a family to support. It's an additional stress because of juggling bills  and more can get out of hand. Employers need to pay more. More as in more than what someone would get on unemployment. Don't  cut your employee and expect them to be happy about it. People are often working 2 or even 3 jobs to make ends meet. It would be great to have just one job that pays enough. You would also have a happier more well rested employee because they won't be running on knap fumes between costume changes . I'm in hospitality and worked hotels and catering.
People quit because poor wages that are not enough for rent and food. Sweden have the same problems...thanks to the united states bullshiting democracy government for all printed money that ruin economies.
Buckle up. It's going to crash.
This mf said “we doubles are revenue year over year” lmao and ya mf how much of that went to the workers? Did they double their wages???
They want people to take these shots.
Says it all when construction boss chuckles and gloats of doubling revenue year on year getting works not the problem, I’d put money on workers pays not reflecting said prosperity year on year.
Mandates ain't helping, NO ONE LIKES TO BE TOLD TO INJECT SOMETHING THEY DON'T WANT!
I actually think good jobs will become scarce. I think that companies will offer more pay but for the same harsh conditions. The thing is, a lot of small companies went out of business. So even though a lot of companies are hiring it’s only a percentage of companies from before. Also this has forced more companies to become more efficient. The need for workers will only decline for specific entry jobs. Virtual assistant jobs means they don’t have to hire Americans. Marketing the whole 9, now Americans will be competing with the English speakers around the world who need work. In person jobs will become scarce do to so many companies closing. They’ll pay more and drive up their prices creating a imbalance of unique opportunities. Long story short getting a job will be more difficult than ever. The higher pay will mean nothing when the cost of living increases
we the working people arer burnt out building your generation wealth and at the end of the week we barely bring home 400 3
thats a lie  you business owners dont want to pay
This never-Trump hag is still on TV, and people watch her?  This show stopped being relevant back in the 70s. The biggest issues like the stolen election and how the US Taxpayers' stolen money funded a virus killing millions are ignored.
Less cars if people stay home also. All good
i have worked in a govt office for 20 years. started working at 23 quit working  age 43. too young to retire too old to start. reason... because of  stressful working environment... bosses. co employees. with work from home set up. pick up paper work from our office on.a monday and submit it on friday.. no need to see co workers with swollen egos ... bully boss daily.
She was concerned with her soul, working for the Federal reserve is a devil’s job.
Don´t frikin call me if I clock out
First we had "The Cosby Show", then "A Different World" and now, "60 minutes".
Many health care and other workers were mandated an unlicensed, barely- tested gene therapy injection. Many chose NO. They were forced to resign.
CALIFORNIA IT'S SUCK! if you from Cali and move to another state but better vote RED because that's why California people leave that state cuz there government suck's!
People are starting their own businesses and home schooling their kids.
construction its bad because the Hight prices of lumber and not been enough to get shops done!
60 minutes coming with that slick reporting under tone bs ...We all know its an EMPLOYEE WAGE ISSUE ,Working Condition, Job incentives ect ...lol 😆 🤣 they have the nerve to interview employer's come-on mannnnnn
Yep. Remote is the best now.
Why are people still on unemployment?
Its an employee problem. “McDonalds pay $16 an hour now” And not one of the employees get to work full time schedules to avoid paying benefits and/or overtime. And the company they’re promoting in this piece back when I was looking into them, 2019, was only paying 10-12 an hour for most jobs. That’s why she has 3 employers plus the teaching job bc you cannot make a living with $12 an hour for a 20 hour work week.
It’s not 1955 anymore and capitalism isn’t working anymore
You work yourself to death and can't afford a house.  People are realizing it's not worth it.
We just don’t G.a.f. Anymore in America. F.U. Coronavirus
Duh...Poiccine ultimatums!
Job Harassment Horrible!!!!! At 49 I was harassed so bad Hr did nothing my mental state was violated and it was either I leave or jail here I come
How will they pay there Bills. Rent, Food. ELECTRICITY. GAS. Rates  insurance. With No job. Will they just live on the Streets. That's No Future for Anyone. The Problem today is People have No Respect for themselves or anyone else. People are Different from There Grandparents. Everyone Suspects Hand out from Governments and other People.
Finally , I am somewhere around 14,500 th comment ... I would like to propose you be the company that still has an office that has team work faster then the home office worker
Ahh y’all can say what ever you want but it’s the vaxxx mandates dummies. Can’t force medical treatments that have potential side effects.
lol you can tell who actually watched the video based on their comments
According to our president and VP this isn’t true
If you quit your job, doesn't your money dry up?
Unfortunately robots stop working in a restaurant if the water temperature gets to low
Society is collapsing across the globe, we are looking at a global collapse both economically and societal. This way of life is not sustainable anymore, no one is talking about capitalism and how the pandemic showed us  just how fragile it is. Most people are one paycheck away from homelessness , you cannot continue this debt cycle anymore, and unfettered capitalism feeds that.
In China , they have to TEAM WORK in an office FULLY VACCINATED without choice .. Working from home is an Insidious thing the people you live with are NOT getting a chance to feel what it's like to be home alone
My friend in Europe is a grammar school teacher who earns $10k per month USD, guaranteed job security, 6+ weeks vacation time off per year plus holidays, 2 years paid time off when having a child, excellent life time health benefits  and a full retirement pension that Wall Street can't touch.  Oh, and foreclosures are against the law and unheard of over there. So even during the 2008 collapse no one lost their home. So, America, what is it that you're offering again?
No way will she get OUT OF THE HOUSE
The American people are not going to work and pay taxes for a corrupt administration you thought you could steel an election and there would be no consequences your a bunch of fools when our president is in his rightful position as president we will see people getting back to work like never before
She might not go back to an office but deep down inside HER NEIGHBORS will wish she had an office
I and all the people I know who've quit or been fired were solely on account of mandates. I took a lesser paying job to avoid government overreach.  Everyone I've spoken with (truck drivers; medical professionals; food service; administration; govt employees) cites the same reason. I can't believe this isn't addressed....
Eventually not EVERYONE can retire early or pursue a passion for only so long till CHINA starts gaining ground and even attempting to take over
Because Biden gave more free money and loans to white people, women, LGBT, etc. The minority race didn't get impact
The forced vaccinations are a big factor they are greatly ignoring.  People are getting fired and quitting over none compliance
We are done seeing our grandparents and parents being worked to death. Never will I get paid 10 an hour again
Why u think u numb nut
Why? Maybe it's the fact that they don't want to get vaccinated...aduh!!
The jobs SUCK Just like the Elite SUCK.🙏🇺🇲♥️👍
How did you only interview bosses, and not any workers? How can you call this journalism?
No it is not people are fired. This is a deliberate lies. One more engineered bankruptcy threat and scam to bailout with out consequences.
more immigrants will probably solve the issue 😅
I don't know in another state, but here in miami fl they don't want to pay. Life is very expensive.
Some of these employers sound completely out of touch with regular working people. People today are realising that they also have a say in their own lives and it shouldn't be that employers end up dictating your lifestyle.
It's called subsidized income from the Social Service office.
Yes retail and hospitality because theses jobs dont pay. Nobody can live off pennies especially in Nyc. People have run out of here and they wonder why. Try lowering the rents here and cost of living.
It’s not employers, it’s customers. Customers treat us like “the help”
retail groceries etc, lower pay jobs are experiencing this low employees rates, cuz thats the people who got the stimulus check. having 3 or 4 kids got them 20,000-30,000$ "free", so how they going back to work? thats y everything its out of stock, people who never in their life could've get gucci ps5 nee cars etc, now their dog have Balenciaga 😂,  looks like a government complicity with the banks to make the economy poop again.
Before COVID, all we heard about was robots replacing everybody. Go hire your robots!
She now has 3 bosses, which is better because now she does not have one point of failure in her life. If a boss fired her, so what? You have two more and the ability to replace the lost boss. As opposed to before where one boss controlled her outcome! Good for these future workers. Hope this society can maintain this structure.
Please.. cue your robots
1980:-2019Employers:you’re lucky to have this job 2020-2022: employees: you’re lucky to even have us
It has nothing to do with the new “Employee AT Will” Doctrine .. where an employer can terminate an associate for any reason or no reason at all ???!!!! In all states ???!!
Trump immigration policies in effect
this piece is not in touch with reality and not well researched
I will disagree it is not an "employee" problem.  It is an employer problem.   They do not want to give PTO, maternity/paternity leave, sick time, fair wages, etc.   As a software Engineer I recently got two offers from employers because my current employer refused to pay fair market value and changed jobs.  I literally could not afford to work at the last place anymore because of inflation.   When I was interviewing during the technical interview they would make you jump through so many hoops it was insane.   The programming assignments were so long it literally took me a full weekend of work on top of the 10 hour days I was already putting in.   It used to be the tech interview was to see if you were competent.  Now it is completely ridiculous.
Signs should say "help wanted" and then the amount per hour under that like "$15 per hour"
nurses are dying and quitting big time
they’re just saying that but if you really apply you get ignored big time…
America isn't built on feelings its built on capitalism. If people keep quitting we'll quit being #1. Go to work or start a business.
Because employers made it quite clear that they won't pay for employees to risk their health to work at their establishment.
When you become an employee, a couple of things happen: #1 You pay taxes to the government for the right to work, ala income taxes. #2 Your employer pays taxes to the government for the right to have you working for them. When you become self-employed, you pay both your income taxes and self-employment taxes; however, you can deduct your costs, such as gas mileage, costs of doing business, etc.  When I was employed, I couldn't deduct anything, especially being a single male.  There are benefits to being self-employed, but you don't have the luxury, usually, of an 8 hour work day. However, you are the boss of you, and there is something worthwhile about that, even if it means 11+ hour work days. The other thing about being self-employed is not being made to feel guilty when someone else calls out and you're asked to come in, or being made to feel guilty about taking vacation time, or even calling out sick.
Be careful not to report anything real like FED printing money inflation ... poverty
How many similarities can you spot in what happened with the economy after the Black Plague in the 14th century and now: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5ZFNZQ83oo
How about you pay retail, hospitality and caregivers a decent wage and provide them decent work conditions and you might get some workers back!
When you can make as much money working for yourself as an independent contractor or self employment as you can with traditional employment...then what would be the point to give up that freedom?
Alot of people quit let's all say the truth because of the vaxxxxxxxxxxxx......
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4mcEqP6FxA
People work for horrible bosses all the time.   Any able-bodied person should be cut off from unemployment.  Life isn’t always fair but any money is better than $0.   People have had to work more than 1 job.  Unemployment should be only for those who were laid off.
I love the remote life
It's your duty to be in the workforce to pay for Social Security Benefits also for you to get Social Security Benefits when you reach of age.
American people have been done wrong
Mandates
Everyone started a YouTube channel and making big bucks doing it!
The answer is so easy here….treat people better!
The 18 century workstyle doesn't fit into 21 century... People used to work in growing seasons and take whole winter days off, now, being moved into chicken cage(apartment ) and hamster wheel (office, production line) , pellet feeded and machinized into 6 days a week work year by year... It doesn't work that way.
starting $15 min wage vs people worked for 5 years still get paid $13...can someone tell me who would wanted to stay at that job....gas price going up 50% from a year ago cost of living rocket high
WOW that was a garbage pice about a worker centric issue, and you guys only spoke to the owner class, and one employee with the metephorical gun to their head cuz their BOSS was ALSO in the story... Imagine if they did a story on segregation and only talked to white people and one black guy while one of the previous while people measured some rope in the background... smh
B  ... S
THE GREAT RESIGNATION!
Bull
This is not a nationwide tragedy, it is the opposite. Tons of jobs available for people who want to take them and tons of other people re-evaluating who they want to be and oftentimes choosing entrepreneurship.
I didn't quit my job even though they wanted me to leave. I wouldn't do the seedy stuff they were into, & they became even more crooked against me until they fired me. These corporate jobs, franchise jobs are evil.
I be-
It has never been my life-long dream of working in a restaurant.  So I invested in myself with a Master's in Aerospace Administration.
Has anyone seen Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich lately?  He is missing from his sworn duties.
How about give everyone 1 million who has the vaccine, not just a rigged lotto for some random chinese lady.
You work and pay more taxes % than  the rich. Working hard and still can't afford Health Care for your family.
And if everyone becomes an entrepreneur???? We all are going back to Bible days. BARTER. Think people sometimes we look on the outside and think, your boss or whoever making millions  3/4 isn’t so, they can barely keep their head above water. Everyone go open/start your business and see the next 3-5years if you still in it. That’s my two cents on the global situation 🤷🏽‍♀️
This video is the most tone deaf article I've seen in a long time because the one thing that was NEVER mentioned is the salary/wages. Which is sad because you had someone with at Linkedin and she doesn't have a bird's eye view. That lady is blind.  We live in a service economy thanks to the gutting of manufacturing in this country. We've gutted education teaching trade skills while higher education has become so common that people don't value the degree anymore and the best use of it is to just get past an applicant tracking system when you have to apply cold for jobs.  All those jobs that are available? Health care, fast food/restaurants, warehouse, hotels. All service, low skill jobs that the average wage is below 30k USD a year. Well below a living wage and doesn't let you afford a home, or even rent an apartment by oneself. Wages have been stagnant for over 80 years and inflation has made everything exponentially expensive. Even if you do move, you are moving into a different local economy that won't have the same jobs available. The jobs available aren't good jobs and as wages become more stagnant and inflation is now a perpetual force even those good jobs aren't enough to put a roof over your head.  If you don't talk about the dollars and cents.  You will never fix the problem.
Interesting how no one even mentioned unions. #corporateBS
Hmmn, Paramount plugging LinkedIn on their own network tv. Now that's "news".
I won't deny that a crappy work environment hasn't played into this. However, they didn't address the free covid money being given to people, jab mandates and/ or covid fear. Because these things have taken a huge toll on the work industry. This didn't just happen naturally, there was a clear catalyst and they avoided talking about the elephant in the room. People aren't just all looking for dream jobs, they're being forced out because of covid mandates.  Many have lost dream jobs too
I know someone who went from $11 per Hour to $15,000 per Month!
Anyone notice not one white person in this story
I made the decision to retire early (like so many others) at 62 this year. Cashed out my 401K and resigned. I'd been working since 1981. Watched the workforce deteriorate over decades. I'd simply had enough of the bullsh!t. I thank GOD I'm out...don't regret it...will NOT look back.
Vaccine mandates,low wages an to much crappy work environments.
WHEN THEY SAID SHE WORKED FOR FEDERAL RESERVE... VOMIT
The female linked in executive being interviewed in this video should get her thyroid Examined.  It appears to possibly be enlarged.
We are burnt out. Straight up. I knew I was.
Back in my DAY, we GOT all kinds of things from our work places..for instance, I got a yearly ‘merit’ raise up to 20%, a COST OF LIVING raise EVERY YEAR and a BONUS CHECK at Holidays/Christmas🎄time!!!  OH YEAH, a lunch period (1/2 - 1 hour), a 15 minute break (am & pm), 12 Sick days, 3 Personal Days, 1 week vacation after 1 year of employment, ALL the HOLIDAYS OFF and FULL BENEFITS (which they took ONLY $4.00 per week) not to mention a PENSION and 401k.  And, I GOT PAID ONCE A WEEK!!!!  Unlike TODAY, most employers NOW PAY YOU EVERY 2 WEEKS, which by the way, SAVES THE EMPLOYERS MONEY!!!!💰 💵💰💵💰💵 WHY DID/DOES ALL THAT HAVE TO CHANGE????  WHY?? I LOVED WORKING BACK THEN!!!!!
The companies that don't pay and don't take care of their employees don't have employees. Go ask costco how they're doing, they pay well great benefits an overtime pay on weekends no matter if your part time. People don't want. Basic pay with a 25 cent raise a year to deal with entitled an rude customers. Remote is they way to go for more time at home an no stress.
I’d rather LIVE in a box 📦 then work for these ‘GREEDY’ employers today!!
Bc democrats are destroying the country and people are better off living off the government.
Litterally propaganda. The fail to mention that people are making more on unemployment due to these nonsense liberal social policies
Stupid piece as usual by 60 m… not enough coverage from all the real workers in many positions out there in this country .. too many people like Leslie Stahl are paid MILLIONS to give "their" view .  👎
Greenville, SC? That’s where I’m at, and I changed jobs during the pandemic after 10 yrs with my employer. I now have a better position, more $, and an excellent boss. I took a management position, and it was the right move at the right time. Bacon Bros is the restaurant btw. It’s excellent!
They quit jobs that were not pandemic proof
The people interviewed weren't exactly representative of most of the people who quit. I would have liked to have heard MORE from the street, from people who quit: Healthcare Workers, Teachers and Hospitality Workers, etc. And those who were told to Vax up or they'd be fired. WHY DID WE NOT HEAR FROM THEM??? The big ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM. We're not stupid, you know.  Il y a quelquechose qui ne va pas!
Start offering flexible hours at least. People would rather be homeless, and I don't blame them. Stop stealing people's lives. F off.
Simple, because we get treated like crap and we want something better!
🤔GREAT QUESTION?🤔
Soooooooo.  How is everyone paying their rent, bills ect.  Is their a secret no workers club???
Why wouldn’t 60 minutes talk to employees ?? This story is one sided
I think the government created massive instability in the economy when they shut down so many businesses....told them to reopen....then shut them down again.....its inevitable employees seek other opportunities when there employment is unstable.  People are not an electric switch for the government to turn on off on off on at their whim.  The government shouldn't shut down the economy for covid and just assume they can restart it at whim....it doesn't work!!!
See Big companies are ashamed of what they are doing. Quarterly results show billions of profits but no pay to the employees bonus. Example Wellsfargo recently released 5 Billion profits ask any one employee of this company are they happy with the bonus.
LAZY😤🤬
Hospitality/Food Service Jobs is a big one. With good reason (s). Hard work that many are getting paid a wage that barely makes ends meet (especially in this day and age) yet also getting abused by the employer/management as well as customers. In layman's terms... Putting up with a lot while getting paid little. And to make matters even worse, there are rarely any legitimate benefits offered. Offering health insurance isn't nearly enough.   You know the saying that many CEOs and business owners use to love to throw in people's faces, "if you don't like the job then leave". Welp. That's what people are doing, in droves.  The US workforce needs to do much better overall. But especially in the Hospitality/Food Service industry. Clearly.
I like how the people being interviewed are trying to pin this issue on employees. Notice how none of them talk about low wages, long hours and hectic schedules. Then they turn around and blame "government handouts" for lack of employees. Unemployment is meant to keep people from being homeless and provide a buffer while looking for ANOTHER JOB. If people can make more sitting on their butts than working, what does that say about the company?
Employees are now realizing they aren't getting paid enough simple as that
This is easy.....the pandemic or whatever it's called happened. People realized their crappy workplaces, rules and BS aren't as important as their families. When you look online and 65,000 apply for a work from home job.....that should tell you all you need to know. Less time at work and more time at home is more valuable.....end of story
Millions quitting jobs and moving to Texas and Florida and not a mention of vaccine mandates.. seriously!
Hang in there,,,,,,illegals are here.
"The primary group has lost its functional meaning and relevance to the remote economic, political and social units. My own outrage about this condition is primarily a moral one over the tremendous human wastage and frustration created by our society in its dedication to ends that offer short term efficiency, but are in the long term anti-human and destructive of the higher potentialities of life." - C. George Benello from his 1964 essay "Genuine Peace Requires Real Democracy". We, the lowly workers, are of course the primary group being leached off of by the capitalist.  Every minute you're at work is a minute you're not being an effective human.
It's because using a mask mandate makes no sense and isn't saving anyone.... say anything otherwise it just seems they want to scare people. I dont see Chicago's hospitals overfolwing?! 😕
Pfizer made $34 BILLION last year. People are sleeping on the streets of every major city. YOU TELL ME WHAT'S WRONG.
When circumstances upend people's lives, we shouldn't act all surprised when people turn their setback into an opportunity.
People are sleeping in tents, out in the freezing cold, in Seattle, Portland, S.F.   ... while Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, etc. bomb off into space.     WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE???
The Straw That Broke The Camel's Back. WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH. So, ... what's being offered: Too Little, Too Late.
Truck drivers are more important than most of these people.
The answer is corporations don't want to pay a living wage. No one can live off 7.50 an hour with no paid leave, or benefits!!
Not to forget the Covid Pandemic plays another role in people that have been working in the jobs where their is customer interaction.  When Covid 19 first hit, we were told to hunker down, and just stay home.  Some were laid off due to this awful virus, or had it and had to take time off to get well, and or take of an elderly parent to care for as well.  Now that it seems there is no slowing in the pandemic, persons are going to be more picky to find that better or perfect job than they maybe put on hold.  Interesting topic though……
Serves these employers right! People are human beings with feelings who are tired getting breadcrumb “ increased wages”, bad attitude bosses, unfriendly co workers and being overworked and overwhelmed. Before the pandemic I worked for a VERY popular luxury eye brand that I worked 2nd shift. Made 14.50 an hour. They nickeled and dimed  us and worked us ( 12hour shift) and told us in a meeting our increased “ pay” was in line what the average wage in the county I lived in. Well, Covid became boss and jury. We were told 2 week stay at home and we would come back. Nope, not for me. 3 years on the job ( including overtime, Saturdays) I was never hired back. Long story short took Edd payment started my own business and never looked back. Relaxed, happy, making more than that job and more importantly flexibility and spending time with family.. not to mention trips, amusement parks, braces and buying a car. Now the same job has increased their pay to 16.75 to 18.75.. big difference but struggling to find people to sign up. Nope.. EDD was the best thing that happened and now I’m at peace!
Do you call a 6 or 8 dollars an hour a job?
It's not just the poor excuse for bosses and work conditions, the food and service industry has the highest need to employees because of some disgustingly toxic customers
There’s so many ways to make money on the internet now a days, or through apps. One of my goals this year is to no longer work a 9-5. Life’s too short to be stuck at a job you don’t like 5/6 days out of the week. It’s probably not good for mental health either.
Totally inaccurate, irresponsible and slanted “journalism”.  But should we expect anything else from60 minutes.  They have always been the voice of far left.
Use the Power of Play to Escape the Rat Race - Rich Dad  ]   see the video ?? be your own boss ?  Companys treat peoples wrong, they think we are slaves ??
Zero respect for the new guy Money makes the world go round
The pandemic taught people family first 🥇..  And Happiness is worth more than money..
Why isn't vaccine mandates part of this conversation?
How many of these folks could make the cut it if THEY were the employer? Are they going to pay someone $25 an hour plus benefits that doesnt know how to do anything? Should pro atheletes make the same amount of money as the person cleaning the locker room? So should everyone from brain surgeons to the lawn person make the same amount of money?  A skilled mechanic can repair you car and get it going again. It takes years of dedication, study and practice. How long does it take to learn how to mop or sweep a floor? So you raise minimum wage. Eventually that expense is going to be passed on to customers. You really expect companies to operate a business and not make a profit? Ready to pay $25 for a Big Mac meal? At some point the rise in the cost of things will cancel out the raise in minimum wage. Why do you think checkout  and pay kiosks are showing up everywhere?
I can tell you this much," In the greater Chicago area it has started to raise wages due to urgent need by many employers."   Hooray for bidding wars for those willing to work.
Most People are just lazy n like good things but don’t want to work!! There expecting everything to be free!!!
Why is America still asking this question?
Many people are leaving because employers violate their God given rights in egregious attempt to impose unlawful covid vaccine measures.
What are these savings that the media keep referring to? Those stimulus checks weren't THAT big. They've been spent by now and in many cases, people paid off debts, or rent. They still blame unemployment benefits for the high quit rate but neither has to do with the other and the extra unemployment ended months ago. I think employers keep telling themselves that the workers will get desperate and come crawling back any day now, but it's horseshit. Moms of young children aren't going to return to the workforce when the cost of daycare vs earnings make it ridiculous for them to do so.
Bad employers! Thats the problem!  Good bosses who love their employees and bend over backwards for them will easily amass an army of cheerful, loyal workers willing to toil and tinker tirelessly from dawn to dusk and dawn again..... Bosses who think throwing money in their employees faces in exchange for verbal abuse and flying saliva will have men fitfully dragging their personal tool chests out of the shop and less competent people filling old positions only fulfilling half of what the original employee was capable of. Bad bosses are dispised, betrayed, spat on and heartlessly deserted to fend for themselves sadly often leading to their businesses closing doors for the last time. Its very heart breaking. If only more employers could learn that seeing eye to eye with their employees and giving a livable wage would solve half of the problems often encountered. Now if you have had an employee walk out don't panic! A quitting employee is not a %100 sign that you didn't take care of him or her. Often employees are equally  selfish and impossible to please. Good bosses and workers put together move mountains and even walk the moon. These are the people who make history. Good luck to bosses and employess across America!
Why are they quitting, for starters, it's because they're too stupid to just stop paying their extortion/coercion taxes to the government that hasn't worked for them in 40yrs!
When will people figure out that we need those immigrants stuck at the border because they're the only people that will put up with the low pay long hours?
I find it strange so many companies are hiring allegedly and I fill out 10-20 applications a week and I’m lucky if I get 1 call back. Outside of retail, hospitality, or manual labor  there are no corporate jobs.
I work in the truck industry and environmental services.  I make 60 to 80k per year.  I had changed jobs like change underwear.  I never allowed my boss to try to own me. They ask for ethics at work but the don't have any at all. Our boss Recently got investors for his company and took the money and the investors took over.  Finally I did love my job a place to be and I  wonder if they gonna keep going.  And at this moment I feel tired of working so much.  I'm looking in to do something different  Maybe opening my own company.
Most Americans rather stay home watch streaming services and order Amazon all day.
open the borders! let the hard working Latin Americans have a chance to make a better life for themselves.
The comment about people moving from here to there cause houseing cost. some what no not really ,how can your house go up in cost if you been there on a same payment .(not a rental) The real cause is the crime and  the way that city or state is run .and also funding from the government still  being put out etc .unemployement and  states aide .and people have a open border drug trade .etc...people working for themselfs is the big answer or gov funding or special group funding your not aware of.............news only says what there told but people in the trenches know the complete story
Working remote is the way to go, it's not going away. I wish they hadn't highlighted Greenville, I wanted that to stay a secret.
This has allowed people to find more meaningful work. Employers need to pay more.
Meanwhile those without PhDs masters etc can't find a job. My daughter is desperate.
I imagine a massive strike soon, with the economic crisis and the high cost of living the last thing Americans need is a job, we need better opportunities for careers. We are too expendable and not valued enough to want to keep a job but if career opportunities opened up I bet you anything Americans would bite. #massivestrike
Because the current system is evil
If a company got PPP then they don’t have to pay it back if they can’t hire. Part of me thinks it’s a scam for the companies to get government benefits.
Very informative thank you
Coz they can't get the truth here.....
A lot of people don't want the jab
I was unemployed, and got 2 jobs during Covid. The job is a nightmare because there are so few employees. No one wants to return back to a corp. due to Covid. On-site employees are totally dumped on and get burned out.
You can't go to the hospital in america unless you work and most work doesn't provide enough insurance to go to the hospital even if you do work. Therefore, people realize it's always been about grifting off their very lives and it's not even worth humoring anymore.
It's not house why people are leaving.  Getting out of democrats city's
lol, cry me a river... if you don't wanna work, no problem. Just don't complain about bills, rent, student loans etc when you don't have any money.
BS       companies are not hiring-    complete bullcrap.
Yes, a lot of employers don't treat their employees right.  I think by far the reason people do not want to be required to take a snake bite to get a job.
COVID 19 IS ALL KNOWN, AND ALL PLANNED FOR ECONOMIC RESET. ON OTHER WORDS THE ECONOMY IS GOING TO COLLAPSE.  THIS IS BIBLE PROPHECY IN THE MAKING.
Because they can make money sitting at home
DON'T TAKE THE VACCINATIONS LEAVE THE JOB SEE YA
Sure, cool - New employee signing bonuses and all that jazz sound awesome. What are employers doing to hold onto employees that choose to stay?
I just quit my job about a month ago and it was relaxing for me to do so. Employers aren't respecting that you get out everyday to come do a job. Over worked and extremely underpaid.
This is a big deal because it's hurting the rich
We are tired point blank period. Our bodies have endured long hours, long commutes, low wages and health benefits that are nothing but a discount card. While the CEO is in Dubai. We are making him rich while we are living paycheck to paycheck. And the raises are a joke. We are T I R E D
How do you speak about jobs and work and not speak about wages?  This woman went from one job to working as an assistant for 3 organizations and she teaches English, which sounds like 4 jobs..  and they still didn’t talk about pay..  and with all the different strikes going on around the country,  this was just a fluff piece for the upper  Middle class.  This piece is so out of touch
They're getting fired because they won't take the shot.
This bih smiling to anything she says & seems to be unsure of everything she says🤦🏻‍♂️  Funny how the dudes, I mean Men  had the best answers,  People are finding better jobs or different interest.
Maybe it’s about plotters being forced to hire people through affirmative action b asking them about their race and gender instead of those qualifications that truly matter?
60 minutes you couldn't even get the story straight. Hey let's ask the guys in the office but not ask the people on the floor.  Companies with the highest turnover all have the same thing in common. They all have the same management.
Maybe its because of affirmative action…
I've been unemployed for a long time  after being an entrepreneur and being a possessor of  4 degrees.  I cannot fathom why a position hasn't been offered and yes, I've applied over LinkedIn too . Love LinkedIn but it has not produced for me.
They are leaving out those fired by the mandates, people leaving prison colonies like LA, San Fran, LA, and Philly. People are also tired of trash pay, trash benefits, and long hours and overtime. Time to break up the monopolies, strengthen small businesses, more people leaving companies to be their own bosses. Time to be creative and break up with dependency on big employers and supply chains. Basically people are realizing that independence = freedom and corporations = being controlled.
Or the mandate, I’m sure that has nothing to do with it 🙄
If you guys truly want to know the real answer interview somebody from Burger King
People don't need to work for a traditional company to earn income anymore.  Workers have leverage and options.   If your boss doesn't make your day easier, fire your boss and hire a new employer that meets your lifestyle demands.
well it might have something to do with the fact of most employers requiring covid vacc's, and millions of ppl dont trust the government that is trying to forcefully inject some random serum into them so they would rather quit their job, just a hypothesis tho
The big lazy 🤫
Some employers also have to realize that employees are not their own personal property like slaves were. That period has been long gone but some seem to forget that employees have a life also and family who need them as well. I have seen this so many times it’s ridiculous. Your money doesn’t make you God!!
Remember Trump wanted to keep the economy open. Then you had the term essential workers. Treat people with respect and pay them well. Bad leadership is the real pandemic in America.
People have been forced to work as temps, doing the same work full time People are doing making double the wage plus benefits.  Now, the table has turned. Companies I feel abused it's workers by over working/underpaying. Now they are losing money. Not enough workers.
Generations of workers before millennials have all gotten a shot to be in the drivers seat- millennials never have been. Two recessions and a pandemic- and now they get the chance. It’s good to see our generation that gets blamed for everything finally get to demand wages and working conditions.
I quit my job of 8 years after I had had enough of the back stabbing, manipulating, lies, favoritism, management breaking business guidelines nor following The CDC covid guidelines. I was physically, mentally, and emotionally drained and my life was and is more important than any job. The company I was employed by will get what is coming to them. I kept a paper trail.
Question . How are y’all leaving your jobs and being able to ..... survive? Lol I need to know what I am missing here lol .
Better pay where… some are still not a livable wage
Wow...so people DON'T  like to give up their free time and work for someone. Shocking!  Thing is, when mom kicks them out of her basement, and the government stops sending them free money, they will be begging for a job.
Add to this that companies are firing people because of the vaccines its really going to be bad
It's because of three reasons Jab#1 Jab#2 & booster
I'd like to hear what Ben Shapiro think about this
Get those employees 40 hours per week work.
Employers are starting to realize they don’t need that many employees after all.
Just keep them smart enough to run the machines and dumb enough to keep voting ~ George Carlin
Get rid of the tips, pay the $15per hour starting rate.
Don't let anyone fool you .... There are 3 reasons why people are quitting their jobs, and 3 reasons only to blame : BIDEN BIDEN & BIDEN !!!!!
They intervene a fed reserve .... HOW about intervene THE Real People out there.
I didnt need the BS started a small buisness.  I love my freedom now.
Why can't everyone be their own boss, work hard end of the discussion.
There not QUITERS THEY GOT FIRED CAUSE VACCYYYY....SHES big Corp Shill
I'm trying to find out where the humor is coming from...
This has been a long time coming. Weak pay, crappy hours that only meets what the employers want and not the employees expectations, the back and forth all out wars between management vs employees with management telling employees how to do a job managers have 0 clue how to do, and the disrespect with customers/passengers is all that it takes to make anyone and everyone quit a job and never come back. The tides have turned and the people away from working have the upper hand as it should be.  When you're working or have worked a job or jobs that doesn't meet your standards based on your cost of living, when you have employers being unreasonable and inflexible schedules to applicants or current employees trying to work more than 1 job to make ends meet for them to live the life they need to provide for themselves, a family, or an eldest loved one, when management is making demands on how a job should be worked to their liking, but want to be cold-hearted callous scumbags of a business, and customers and travelers think they know everything and just wreck your nerves all around, employers deserve to lose it all and it's going to stay that way indefinitely. Employers will never understand the factors.  It's more than just wanting better pay. Every employer should need to pay people if they want a business to survive, small or large, private or public, mom and pop or national chain. You can be a YouTube content creator and make more money doing that than working a regular job sad to say. Millennials and Gen Z have had their time wasted for far too long with incompetent employers. Why would anyone stay working somewhere where they are not happy, not wanted, not appreciated, and not valued for the work that they do?  One more thing. Can we talk about the fact how the U.S. is the only country who still has to work 8 hours a day, 5 days a week, and only have 2 days off while other countries around the world work 10 hours a day, 4 days a week, 3 days off or maybe a couple of double shifts between 12-16 hours a day, 3 days a week, and 4 days off? Even part-time workers know how to play the game and still get 3 days off at best. As we do everything all online, more permanent work-from-home jobs become a reality, and less interaction with general public, this is the way of the future for any and all employment and if employers don't comply, then they can risk losing their business and risk anyone never working for them ever.
People want a wage where their monthly income is 5x greater than housing costs like the boomers got to have! Every financial expert would give that advice during their times! We just want the same chances as the boomers got!
As long as our government keeps flooding the market with money Nobody wants to look for work.
Maybe sometimes because you have a## bosses.  I had a few😏 you  apply for a better positions but they give to who they want(have their favorites). You work hard and they still criticize you work🤨. Be there 😕 Some openings are given to who you know.  Jobs are given to families friends mistress etc.
This is untrue. Employers are still in charge. Employees are not. I have plenty of friends that are looking for work and they never get calls from when they submit applications/resumes. I don’t believe this for a second. It’s not my experience. It’s the employer’s market. These guys are living in a fantasy world.
It is all about supply and demand. Pre-COVID,  there were more employees chasing fewer jobs, now there are more jobs chasing fewer employees. Simple as that.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
All I see here is rich fuckers complaining that the peasants aren't there to work at the restaraunt and shops .. lol this old broad
Of course no mention of Healthcare vaccine mandates.  People saying "my body, my choice" and leaving.  Also no mention of people leaving liberal cities and moving to more urban and conservative areas.
Here's a comment 4 60 minutes 50% of your Workforce are lazy they don't show up on time they want to be on their cell phones they don't take pride in their work
People are tired of getting treated like crap. No matter how hard you work, how much you do, you are still expected to do even more. David Stokman, the budget firector under Reagan came up with an interesting fact. Between 1980 and 2000, mre wealth was created than in all of human history before 1980. The middle class and poor saw none of it.
Not everyone can quit their jobs!
The local Dollar Tree has had such a hard time finding employees that they are now only open 11 to 8 and their store looks like a cyclone hit it
Great ad for Worksbe??  So.. temp virtual jobs, um good luck y'all.
Man manger are not fair
Americans be aware, soon is going to be illegal to quick your job and be happy!! 🤣🤣
Lies, when you keep telling them you Start to believe them
I GOT THAT GUUUD GUDD WORK FROM HOME JOB .. $ 16 AN HR FULL TIME MAX BENNIES..FROM BARTENDER KILLIN MY BoDY TO  WORK AT HOME.also much growth potential ..yep yep
Ok, after reading many many comments, the message seems clear, we are all definitely shifting collectively and hopefully into a new reality into which we live our lives the way we were meant to. One with freedom, integrity and respect for all others. God bless this pandemic.
We’ll I’ve been trying to find a 2nd job in Cali for a while n can’t find one …. Everywhere that says hiring , tell me that they’re actually not 🤷🏻‍♀️ this is the agenda but it isn’t true
The matrix
Also fr fr they turned everybody down for a job for all kinds of reasons and the people get tired so now you want to cry because we don’t trust you. You didn’t trust us I’m just saying
Rich business owners owning 10 homes,a yaht and rockets taking fun rides to space while the working class can barely feed themselves ! Paint a picture of that.
The host of this video gives me concerned grandma vibes. I feel like my mom is lecturing me on how to be a better child 😂
Seems like we were mentally controlled because you would have never looked for a better job unless something snapped you back into reality.
The pandemic will forever be a marker in time where this society experienced a redirect
Well when they took the check for single people they was giving people with kids 3000 dollars still
There are people looking for jobs ,   a lot of employers are very strict on who they hire such as criminal background , high school diploma , some employers have many responsibilities and details to jobs that doesn't add up to how much they are paying ,  you need a high-school diploma to start a job that only pays $11 an hour ,
The real issue is incompetent  managers and business  owners .
With inflation you have to quit they like I can drop off some food and make 8 dollars
dang Mellisa, I wish could afford to not work!
Even liberal Americans from blue states have been flooding into red states in recent years also because they were sick of high crime and high taxes  in blue states.
It's always help wanted until you actually ask to be paid
Yeah… they’re leaving liberal cities because they just want “cheaper living”? 😂
D virus mash up everybody
I think more and more people working for themselves. Employers are not willing to share their riches/profits.
I AM NO LONGER WAITING FOR THE STIMULUS CHECK BECAUSE I EARN $22,000 EVERY 14-16 DAYS. 🚀
What could anyone expect with the pos we got as President!
Because we’re being lied to about free elections, we know it, you won’t talk about it, and label anyone who does.  You’ve convinced us with your games, that the press we rely on is hopelessly compromised and freedom is already gone.  16 DNC primaries- remember Tulsi!
Mothers are now home schooling their children. With lock down we all saw how bad the schooling system is.
This is a great news piece!!! But one thing I wish the LinkedIn lady would of talked about is how robotic automation is supposed to replace 20% of jobs worldwide in the next 10 to 20 years.
Hotels and restaurants jobs sucks, the working schedule sucks, the clients and employers sucks, the fake smile on my face sucks.
Why? Because if you can't afford to rent an apartment in your town with one 40hr/wk job? Then you quit and move to a smaller town with affordable prices, with *work* and *careers*.
these people are junkies, good workforce people work hard, for these people who quit, get unemployment money and do not pay rent, they are human garbage, we should revoke their citizenship, kick them out of the country,
Because people cares about their LIVES than MONEY and now it's SMARTER, EASIER ways to make MONEY
Take this job and shove it. I'm not working here no more
Because they want off this Rock. Or they want to live before they leave this Rock."None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free".
Maybe no one wants their tax dollars to pay for their own enslavement or to go to criminals who cross the boarder illegally.
Vaccine mandates and fear.
worked retail and customer service for most of my work life and have to say I dont blam then.  the general pubic is nasty and rude.  not worth the 15-20 bucks and hour.
Everything  took a shift except  worker's  pay from groceries, gas , childcare, rent,  and their was no respect on the jobs, most  employers  could not do their employees  job, their needs to be fairness and their  is none, the whole economy is upside down , the bottom  was bound to fall out.
I am listening thanks
This is going to irritate people and I really don’t care but, …. Nothing is given without hard work. So we should pay you the same amount as someone with a bachelors degree, yet you have nothing to show for it? We are just supposed to pay people “ fair wages” for simply being American? News flash people in other countries work harder than us and YOU CAN QUOTE ME ! ( mic drop) And yes we are on pandemic losing people so we should stop working ? 😹😹😹excuses after the next . I’m not sorry but where am at we have the laziest employees . Same ones walking around no mask , yet we should feel empathy when you make everyone sick ? Wake tf up America before I take ALL of your pay 💰 checks . I’m not sorry … you don’t care to work , then make excuses !!! Americans are lazy af!!!!!
Work from home does a number of amazing things. 1. Saves the planet with less Co2 emissions. 2. Less people driving equals less traffic deaths, traffic congestion, and less roads to repair. 3. Offers people more flexible lives.
A lot of younger generation has Tik-Tok YouTube We get paid we quit our jobs Play $28 an hour Paid vacation 401k Christmas and Thanksgiving should be off for retailers We should have the right to refuse rude customers
Low Paying Jobs.
About half way in and still nobody talking about the elephants in the room. It's the government trying to mandate vaccinations in work places, people moving to states with more freedom, lol
She has degree's from Stanford and Harvard and she can't understand that people quit their jobs because the goverment printed so much money and gave it to people it was more lucrative not to work. Goverment shill idiots. This economy is finally going to collapse under the debt and inflation it has been amassing for the past 50 years.
Because Biden sold them all out !!!!! cut to the chase and tell it like it is....hes wrecked the Country hahaha.
How about paying us employees a percentage of the company, sick and tired of making companies billionaires while were struggling
The jab is why. Nobody wants to be injected to keep their job
Well let's see,  job or jab?  I'm outa here.
Thank god, make the time worth it and we’ll consider long term. Better pay, benefits, treatment etc.
They dont give hours and they dont pay good mokos
When you tell people they're not ESSENTIAL, this is what happens, I saw this coming! 'KEEP ON KEEPIN ON'!
No one wants the jab duh morons
Women should stay home and stay with children.
American “capitalism” is failing more Americans than it is serving.
Here is my problem. If YOU ARE going to take a job, then please actually do the job.
Thanks Joe. Keep signing those checks
Because forced vaccinations DUH I wouldn’t be working at all if everywhere required vaccines but I live in TX
I didn’t know I was part of a trend, but I very much resonate with these stories. Early 2021 I wasn’t given a choice! I was laid off permanently and I had to work on my own if I wanted to remain living in my dream state. My 2021 work life was quite different from what I was used to. At times it was a major struggle. I’m not sure if I’ll fully be comfortable as a solo worker, but things are looking up and I’m glad to be a part of the great migration to work from home.
*It requires money to make money this is the best secret I have ever heard we don’t make money we make multiple money.*
Last two years of COVID , spent less work less.
If I work my 10/hr job 10-5 I don't get hearthcare, and my family loses our foodstamps cuz I'm working. I rather not work
No the employers just miss their slaves
They should call it the great re-evaluation. People know money doesn't make you happy. Now people are searching for a fresh start.
maybe they shoudl pay more and they wont have this issue
Lazy
Everyone I know never stopped working and still going . Lies
Mainstream media is full of it!!! Trying to force people to adhere to mandates is a HUGE FACTOR! What benefits? They couldn't survive one day on those stimulus. No accountability for gov/state wasteful spending. Spare us the propaganda. This problem was by design and now the people are being blamed for it. Stop the BS! It's so old and plain ole disrespectful at this point!
Why are you lying, Joe said employment on an all time high.
hire me, i just need american Visa
I just don’t understand how tf are we supposed to live off these wages it’s like I’m always living off paychecks and then I “make” to much for assistance but I can’t even assist myself I was fired for having a family emergency when I take care of my siblings. I just wanna say the this is obviously designed for us to fail and the only way to make money and create this reality of a perfect life is to make your own buisness.I’m 18 and I love to work honestly love to make money but the job industry make it almost impossible to wanna work to respect nothing everyone acts as if we’re peasants 🤷🏾‍♀️
cost of living is so high and so are homes that working has become pointless.
They aren't mentioning the forced mandated vaccines!!!!! That's another big issue!!! You can't force that on people!!! We will not fold or give in!
Their are 5 El pollo loco needing job in ps
People are really tired of the service jobs.
Lies. The real reasons are employers forcing shots and the government giving out free money.
And the mandates had nothing to do with it huh? Such BS!!
(_._)
The borders are about to be wide opening on all side. It will be so easy to get a citizenship now. The government doesnt care about us they will just go over seas to get people.
meh - you quit your job -  f'  I left the country.  I took my money, labor, creativity, time, protection, provisioning and concern off the table.  I refuse to participate in a society that calls my every move Toxic.  #ExPat since 2010   -  your culture is dead, you're circling the drain.  Signed Gen X.   Not my Circus - Not my Monkeys.
Here come the Robots
So which is it, millions are quitting or job murders are booming 🙄 Stop with the contradictory statements, please!
In my 21 savage voice where the fq is this happening at... i stay in NM and iv put in 36 apps in 15 day. And still aint got no job.. been trying since last year.. so where state is people quitting at so i can appy smh
Affirmative action is why im not interested in working in America
They want to be treat as workers not as slaves.
They don't want employees, They want mindless order followers,  Everything costs twice as much and they want to pay a dollar or two more an hour.  Corporate pigs can push their own GMO garbage and other toxic trash. The people are waking up. The flouride didn't work like the criminals planned, Maybe they need to beef up the Strontium and Barium spraying that the sheep think is a conspiracy theory.
They are the non sheep. The one's that realize government and corporations are NOT acting in their good interests. They are the ones that have witnessed the death and injuries. And they didn't quit. They were quitted.
People don't want to participate in this vaccine experiment
The price of everything has doubled for no reason other than Greed, A dollar more an hour isn't going to help anybody but the corporate pigs that get it all anyway. Fk it.  I don't blame them. Management is incompetent and have No skills and you want people to work for them.  Communists don't care about the customer,  Numbers are all you need.
5 minutes in and I hate every person they've interviewed's guts
Pare down and simplify.  Teach yourself a new skill.  Work for yourself.
Why work when the government will support you?
It’s time to give homeless a chance in the workplace
A power shift to the worker, Amen 🙏
In part because some states pay $400 a week in unemployment and the Federal govt pays an additional $300. $700 a week to sit at home. Good “work” and you don’t even need qualifications!
Funny how so many Americans start quitting after Biden is elected huh?  Or wait.. was it cheated his way in?? 🤔
How about the 10's of thousands in Healthcare who quit because they refused to get an experimental medica treatment? Interesting how this never came up. Such objective reporting hasn't been seen in years on 60 minutes.
I think you'll find suicide rates are up, too.
One word.....mandates
You only live once ...do what makes you happy
Vax mandates.  The Brandon admin is destroying our country.
Unemployment at lowest during Trump administration economy was great ( until the big covid stink).
People are tired of low wages and ridiculous treatment from customers.
This warms my heart.
They had to quit so they didn’t get the jab
Communist horseshit.
Everybody quitting isn’t good in the long run. People need to stop being lazy and get out of their feelings, honestly.
FAKE NEWS TRAITORS.
Everyone knows they might not be around next year and don't to waste their time working.
Simply put- they pay crap and people suck.
So everyone sat home for 6 months and decided that the nation needs to start treating them better. Wow!!
Oh that’s bull. Abt staying home to figure out life. No ,more like joe is paying them to stay home.  Hey I worked for 50 years. So to say u don’t feel like working.  No sympathy here !!!
Fark the UN WHO...governments greedy employees
The truth is people in the US are seriously underpaid, disgusted with the dysfunctional, crooked, greedy gov, war and misery around the globe, instability of the planet by extreme weather so are leery of the future
Bad Overpaid GM, Bosses etc Low underpaid Employees!
They raise the pay and they raise the food and the gas and the rent,im a truck driver, i want to buy a land in the woods, build a shed and live in there put solar panel,septic tank,and no internet, put tank for water,i be happy here in Florida,
all these mandated added to this
Are we just ignoring the vx mndates consequences?
I quit my Executive Chef Job after 7 years I needed my Freedom and Sanity Back!
Ask the Great Biden and his administration reps.! Forgot, They will lying anyway!!
That's the answer get a job getting others a job
Why would anybody want to wake up at 6am to get dressed formally, barely eat anything, and then commute to a rinky dinky office an hour away? Oh, and it's an hour if you're lucky with traffic. Remote working is here to stay.
Most ppl don't the VWX mandate , that's why people are quitting in droves.  What happened to my body my choice.
We were told at GM in eighty's by our union when GM was moving to Mexico that all the jobs of the future would be service jobs with low pay and no benefits
Most Americans will NOT comply to that experimental drug call6a vaccine.  If we have to choose between life and death, people are choosing LIFE.  Mandating a vaccine,  work it yourself.
Imagine how bad this situation would get if the crazies pass UBI.
Pay more for crappy jobs and they will see people absually interested in them. I can make more money working for my self doing what I want when I want.  Ty Uber.  And many many other options
No one wants the jab.
Gone are the days of "TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT "Well WE choose to "LEAVE IT ".
Not true I work full-time job, and have applied for part-time positions during the pandemic, only to get they're moving in a different direction because I set a structured time I'm available.
Miami is not affordable wth she talking about
That's a side effect of socialist policies. The more "free" crap you give away, the less people will want to work and the worse inflation will get. Keep the clowns in power, and the dollar will become like the peso. Reminds me of a famous quote...... "The problem with socialism is, eventually you run out of other people's money."
Because we starting our own businesses they don't pay nothing we make more money working for our self and we have investments
Finally the labor market is self-correcting. This is a good thing, overall. Employers must pay attention and understand that, just as any consumer, you get what you pay for, especially in the labor market.
They thought that people are monkeys - and they paid peanuts.  They do not realise, that now peanuts are not enough.
#DeFi
As a Retail employee, If I ever left my job in this pandemic it be because of the way I'm treated by customers.
Great video w solid points. The business owner and the linkedin employee are wrong about the unemployment benefits. They absolutely kept people on the sidelines. They got so much money they won’t rush in right away. Might take another year or so. Also, the benefits are still continuing for many such as the child tax credit, higher foodstamps stipends and etc… why would they work for $12 an hour.
Get trained, apprenticeship, Gain new skills
America is Robbing America!!! You can barely keep your head above water out here!!! Health insurance is VERY HIGH, FOOD, ECT. THESE TYPICAL JOBS DON'T PAY ENOUGH!!!! BUT THEY WANT EVERYBODY TO WORK FOR THEM 🤔🤔🤔🤔
"You can Go & DO WHAT YOU DO" #ANYWHERE 💕 THIS IS MANTRA
I like to drink coffee with my colleagues and chit-chat with them about newest gossips in the company. 🤭🤭 I mean, this is the life! With whom I can do that if I sit at home and doing home office?!?🤷‍♀️
i worked for oreillys for 7 years learned everything and still wasnt offered manager job
"The SYSTEM is going down with a hissing noise"🌐🌐🌐
They want u to work until u d¡e on the job
What is this overpaid woman talking about  how are these let’s 50,000 welders doing? Tell me how there paying the bills , this is of course totally lost on this woman!
Umm…they found out slavery has been ABOLISHED.
If you're a liberal don't go to Greenville you won't like it. The north east or DC is a better fit for me at least.
I worked 18 years for the same company, and now am age 42 making $20 an hour which is pathetic, so I quit.
You know it's terrible when you don't have enough EMT workers. Imagine getting into an accident and needing transportation to a hospital 🤦🏽‍♀️call an Uber🤷🏾‍♀️ just sad all the way around. 🙏🏽
Turn off all transfer payments and free govt money. The unproductive think they can just live off the productive and at the same time cry that it’s so “unfair” that they are worthless and deserve to be taken care of. I’m so tired of people having to take care of the peasants of this country who think they are owed a life and believe that successful people should simply hand over their money to support them.
I DONT WANT THE JOB UNLESS ITS REMOTE!!!
Y'all deported the real workers...lol tell the truth. When it comes to construction.
HMM MAYBE PEOPLE REALIZE THEIR LIFE IS IMPORTANT ! MAYBE LIVE WITH LESS AND ENJOY THE LIFE THEY HAVE.  YOU HAVE A HOME YOU ONLY SLEEP IN  AND SEE ON THE WEEKEND OR ONE OF THE WEEKEND DAYS. OH YOU CAN GO ON A REAL VACATION AT 72 YRS OLD. PEACE AND BLESSINGS ALWAYS
No one trust employers. They historically paid badly, treated the biz model as more important than the worker, and forced non-skilled workers to toil in mindless work as if they can’t be challenged. It’s mentally exhausting.
always feel sorry for young people, the workplace can be such a nightmare for them
It’s you stupid F—ck’s , the media and the government trying to label our sniffles and sneezes now, telling everyone that a cough and a sneeze is deadly; trying to scare everyone to their deaths. Get the F outa here. Now people are scared to work with or around the public.
We're all checking out because the system is broken. The Elected are criminals and engaged in criminal activities from the very top to allowing criminals to run rampant in the city. Why prop up this system? Everyone knew Cloward and Piven strategy would be employed and has been the Communist agenda from day 1.
Everyone I know is not working because of the vaccine mandates, they aren’t mentioning that.
My services are available.
Baby boomers could graduate high school on a Friday and start a factory job that Monday. This job provided enough money to buy a house and raise a family of four (while wife not working). Good luck doing that today! Why take on student debt and/or work low pay demanding jobs just to barely make rent on a crappy apartment knowing nothing will ever get better.
People are tired of working three different positions for the pay of one!
Because under 5his incompetent old fool, the government pays you more to stay home.. Unemployment is going to continue to get worse
With the fake housing crash and complete theft of wealth after the orchestrated stock market crash of 1999 Of course people realized you can work your fingers to the bone and do the right thing and everything is stolen in a flash Rigged system
I need a remote work.
So glad to see this happening
"Make Americans Poor" - Joe Biden 2022
20 million?! How are people paying bills and rent and other expenses if they quit their jobs 🤔
You forgot to factor in the high cost of housing. What's the point of working hard if you still can't afford a home? This is my main reason I'm not going back to work. I'm 41 and have worked hard my whole life and for what???
Because the government takes to much taxes out of each check without our consent! We don't know wtf these taxes on each stub is even used for, we didn't vote on these taxes that's being taken! A small group did. On top of not being payed a fair share by employers! How does capitalism work if a person has no extra money to save to pursue his/her dream career? Bills and taxes keep us in poverty! No body wants to work 10-12 hr shifts, we want to make more while working less! Taxes need lowered, pay needs increased, hrs worked per day shouldnt be the whole dam day! Living in a free country with no free time to exercise our Liberty!
In 'murika, if you think anyone can make a living with let's say 30 bucks per hour  you're stupid!   Just a simple math will prove it. 30 x 40= 1200/week, minus transport (car maintenance, or bus) minus insurance of all kinds, minus work clothes, tools etc,  minus food, minus risk of being killed by a nut or a cop, minus income taxes for trying to be a productive member of society, just to come home with barelly enough for food to go to work the next day? or skyrocketing rent? What is left for a child if you have one?? Is it worth it?  "murikan dream??? BS.
I was one of them! Love it
What jobs??
Vax pass? No thanks
Working is slavery and the people know. I hope everyone quits, and become pirates, hustlers and slangers. There used to be a CODE before there was LAW.  Code was always held up by the people.
majority of people I talked 2 says why try when Biden and democrats pay and place illegal immigrants to enter our country without being checked or vaccinated and legal citizens are being harassed and threatened by democrats and leftist liberals and media who rich backers of democrats mainly Chinese
Because America is giving away free money. Stop all the handouts and people will go back to work
Also I have six and a half years of driving experience and have applied for six different driving jobs and they choose to go with other people. So a lot of people are applying for jobs that have good quality experience and are being turned down for some reason. Companies are still being overly picky and since there's so many openings they can pick and choose when it doesn't make any sense when you have all the experience in the world.
Maybe because employers are exploitive.
It is only going to get worse. They have treated employees like dirt for years.
A 9 to 5 job comes with too much stress and employers are liars.
Because gen z is lazy and expects everything to be handed to them
There's a lot of lazy people out there and they let rather sit around and make YouTube videos or tik tok videos instead of going to work and grinding. Everybody's looking for that get rich. A lot of people are looking for remote jobs because some people don't work well with others.
It's not a worker problem, it's a boss problem.
I obviously can't speak for everyone, but I know that for me it is about customers.  I feel like people are getting more abusive and it gets harder all the time.   Sometimes I feel like there just isn't a dollar amount that makes it worth it to be on the receiving end of 40 hours of abuse each week.
I went through this worked for a call center..later was laid off in the beginning of the pandemic, after just having a baby! I was trying to get back to work..even interviewed at 14 different banks..all passed on me. I finally found a job paying $10. ..struggling! God is good though because that stimulus/ unemployment allowed me to stay on my feet with my mortgage and other bills. I find it crazy how people can judge workers, when the pandemic happened..most of us  were thrown away by these big companies! I'm glad people are fighting for a real peace of mind. God is good trust him ..no matter what happens!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbvNhQ4lYLE
I was told my a friend who studied economics in university that the primary reason CEOs are paid what they are is because their position puts them in a place of high risk. "Who is the first person to be in trouble when a company makes a huge mistake? The CEO." I just can't help but wonder if that's really true. The people who end up in the most trouble are the employees under the CEO. Didn't make their sales goals? Fire employees to make up for the lost funds. Why do we act like these people need to make $24.2 mill a year for this? It isn't hard to make decisions that won't sabotage a company's standings.  We need to collectively realize these "low value" jobs aren't low value if they're actively sabotaging the quality of life of the person working them. Society is going to crumble because of corporate greed.
A nation ruled by criminals will become a nation of criminals. According to verifiable facts America is a oligarchy with a media monopoly problem. The constitution was written to regulate politicians not citizens.
Peoples are quitting because they’re required to take the Covid and the money Biden giving out Covid is the blame for job lost
It's NOT that complicated. STOP THE VAX MANDATES
Awful. I loved my work . I have had severe car accident , mental health since forever, and I missed work. I wish I could work like I used to. The little I can work, I'm grateful , and love it & glad to fit somewhere. Already been a isolated hermit over ten years before covid.
Thanks Lefty
ur expected to work 5 days per week with only two days to rest or do for yourself, then they force u to do overtime u don't really want so I totally understand, especially in construction smh, doing some of these jobs you won't be able to see your family and your kids grow up without u around
There is some good that came out of Covid. This is an issue that has been brewing for a long time in the US. It is so true when she says we have been living to work. We have a strange idea in the US that over working and being miserable is a badge of honor. A lot of companies have terrible work life balance. Covid just sparked people out of their fear of change.
the only job should be serving vishnu, praise vishnu
What an absolute dumpster fire of a piece. The comment section knows what’s up tho
Report this as misleading
Most employers are trying to make people work regardless of a disregard for safety & thinking they can buy loyalty especially after how much we've learned the last 2 years.  Also PPP is forgiven if you swear that you're understaffed all day.
(1) the ones that make good money: Cuz they are lazy (2) majority because their employers don’t pay am livable wage
Interesting…but why does NYC has the highest unemployment rate?
They quit because our government paid them to.  MSM used fear monger tactics and stressed out the country.  Big tech censored everyone if you spoke up.  Facebook factchecked us with opinion based moderators.  And most businesses forced mask and now vax policies to make your every day life more of a struggle.  All of this affected our economy in a way that inflation is now at a 40 year high.  Our current administration caused this by allowing Wuhan to happen.  Thank Biden for your problems.
Never mind the corporate welfare to the tune of billions!!! By the way that's tax payer money.. that's our Money corporate America!!!
Some people don't want to work in hazardous conditions  By being made to put a substance in Is there a body Or being home with the family made them realize they don't need All that stuff And why work illegal immigrants are getting free healthcare free college free college cash And get to vote in our elections I work and I don't get all that
You have to have loyalty to maintain employment and it starts with the employer.  I worked non-stop for 38 years with the same company.  Towards the last few years the loyalty of my company was waning big time and I was holding on by a thread.  It was brutal sitting in a cubicle day after day!  Moral was low and our CEO response was you don’t like it there’s the door.  Moral got worse! The only thing that kept me staying was the pension and retirement health care.  And it’s not as good as it was for previous years retirees.
How are these people eating?
When fast food workers give attitude to customers and then protest that they should get $15 minimum wage per hour. Good riddance. Fire them all and replace them with robots who won’t give attitude.
Work life balance requires a remote position.
Smart people
Let’s call it the great burnout. Instead of the great resignation
Don't forget to factor in the Millions and millions and millions (about 17,000,000.) of us baby boomers are now retiring! Now we can finally play during the day before conking out after dark. 60 might be the new 40 but 9pm is the new midnight.
I think that USA is made of Expectations. We tend to put our expectations on to others and by doing so.we push one other too do thing that have consequences for owner Future and by quitting your jobs is teaching the future that is alright to be a quitter. And by being a Boss we expect for the workers to do all the work for a lil of nothing and that's where the line is drawn.
did you not think there would be consequences to locking the whole country down for a year? Forcing masks and vaccines? Aint nobody got time for that... Plandemic results.
We’re finally allowed to say no work environment compares to the one we create for ourselves at home—no more gossip, no more gender politics, no more sexual harassment, no more nonsense from the office loudmouths, no more stolen meals from the office break room, and the list goes on and on. The exodus is as a result of corporate America’s willful disregard for good employees to protect themselves from legal liabilities created by self-promoting toxic employees.
You all have to understand the restaurant job's are very likely due to not enough hours they have so many employees but they don't give them benefits or medical because they don't work full shifts an may have to work at two different jobs to get a full 40 hour week  just to pay bills but no benefits so they might take a lower paying job but they get benefits an insurance an thats a plus and if they can find a job and work from a remote location or home they can sometimes make more money an give up any job especially in the restaurant business even go to trucking job is more desirable an u get to travel an see the country for free while working an don't have to pay for expenses so it's a plus!.
Toxic work culture which includes bullying and abusive coworkers, not just supervisors
They don’t offer better pay. Been in case mgmt for 20 years! They still pay 14.00 an hr!
People don’t Leave jobs, they leave managers. I had a very successful career until they put an imbecile in a position as a manager. It was a great job that I loved but I just couldn’t take it anymore so I quit. I don’t know why corporations don’t realize how bad managers affect good talented people.
Please work so can submit your family other wise others country need jobs even they work 100 hours or more earn less $2-9 dollar hours ,but our country always like that spoil as kids,, please stop stubborn think big open mind work it's like exercise your body by the mean still have $$ money 🤑 for survival.. now day some people so lazy just want stay home get $ from government ..just stop giving them money free from government then see who's hungry??? If I you don't want to work then I'm going to hir all foreign to work for me...$ flow $$ as I see if workers good I paid them more bonus plus their family insurance cover...
Simply put people want a life not just a work life. The pandemic woke people up to the fact that life is fragile , limited and not guaranteed.  Working limits a person's ability to extract as much as possible out of their lives of what matters more to them in life.
Perhaps, like Australia they have discovered that they are barely different to slaves. Treated with contempt, lied to, underpaid and facing aggravation and indifference by fellow workers....it is better to face life with poverty. Australia has the same problem, now exacerbated by Covid. It is not worth working any longer. The system has run out of steam.
Employees may be holding employers up to higher standards now. You can only dump on people for so long, people are looking for better jobs, better employers.
My experience is horrible company culture. I see corporate leaders and middle management not really contributing to the company mission, but only pretending to. It’s a game. Not being valued for my contribution, or respected for the ideas I bring forth. My education and experience have value. I work for myself (my customers really) now. No more bureaucracy or dip$@&! “Leadership.” I think most people like me recognized they could use their education and experience for their own direct benefit. And we have the tools (📱) to make it happen with little startup cost. I haven’t heard anyone talk about this aspect that I’ve described. Thank you for your reporting.
time for leslie to retire
People are walking away from healthcare jobs because they don’t want to be forced to put something in their bodies that they feel isn’t safe. And I don’t blame them. I’d do the same. The problem is, there was already a healthcare shortage pre-plandemic. Now it’s critical and getting worse by the day. And this will affect all of us in the long run and the care we receive.
Hey people tired of the bs and with so many avenues out here making money ain’t never been so easy soon I as I’m making triple what I’m making at work trading stocks I will be quitting my job soon enough as well.
Peoples sooo scared of Omoron Viruses
A lot of people are putting their job simply because of covid Some people feel like it's wrong for mandatory vaccinations and others are just afraid to catch it. Do stimulant checks in government assistance are motivations to stay home also.
I’ll work but it’s the pay for me! Working just to pay bills isn’t life!!!!!!!!!
Restauranteurs cut hours after rush hours . Went in for 2 hours work . I quit .
My employer shut it's doors on the 14th I have been thier for 30 years they didn't gave us a notice
I watched an entire night crew  at HEB in Waco Texas walked out at midnight because a manger spoke to one Kid crazy.
13 minutes of babbling without saying a damn thing. Why work when you aren't even paid enough to pay your rent and bills? Why work for someone for a lousy wage, go your own way. I know people who are doing just that. And doing better for less effort.
PLEASE government fundings not enough for anyone to live comfortably ever in any lifetime.
Seems like a certain demographic  is into not worling.
No one wants to work for free - сapitalism rules. 😉😉😆 $12/hour is for free.😵
What I love is now, when you apply for a job, you not only not get hired, but do not even get a response from the employer, so employers crying about not having people, but they don’t hire and don’t even give a courtesy saying no.. amazing
I'm better than everyone  else!  I deserve things! I DONT WORK FOR THEM!
This are the same lazy people who would cry and whine if immigrants start taking these jobs.
My schedule was changed 4 times last month, 2 hour notices. I've outlasted 3 managers and have never been offered a higher position in my department..
Employers need to be flexible and be willing to offer new employees proper training to take over these open positions. I come from the commercial lending world and when I tried applying for a part time restaurant job, they declined me because of lack of experience. I applied to work at the airport and was declined due to lack of experience. Many of these employers demand that you have 2 - 3 years of experience for an entry position. The truth is employers are being very picky and demanding of their employees. Offer paid training, better salaries and benefits and things will turn around.
I can understand why ppl wanna quit. Lots of us looking for work from home jobs and looking to start their own businesses. Especially to protect ourselves from Pandemic
Some  of them, chose to go and sell drugs.
Mission accomplished.  I'm sure the ccp is proud of itself.
Okay, I'll say it....   I run a small construction company.   95% of workers are Amish and immigrants.  They don't mind hard work.
Nobody who's not Millionaires/ Billionaires can't afford to quit
Many more women than men quitting😅 Typical.
I work for one of the biggest retail in the world and was taken over by a new owner and he took all our benefits away like bonuses and we only got a dollar raise
The jab.
Employers are really picky still! I’ve been either over or under qualified and looking since my job was eliminated in July 2020! Or a lot of bosses are toxic as well
New Era of Employees: I want to work 3 days but get paid for 5 and I get to choose to my days I work. Oh and I'll be late when I want to.
Those in the 20s returned home and have family support.  They decided not to get a job without truly wanting that job.  I know of two... one finally accepted an offer to propel a future  plan... while the other one decided to put most of her savings and bought a van as her new home.
This is great news! We MUST resist the unjust tyranny that is bullying us into thinking we have no choice! Our combined spirit will unite and empower humanity to create our own destiny..We the People!
Some workers are applying but are not getting offers.  It’s reported that employers post for hire sign but not hiring... it’s only to get financial support from government.  May be you can do an investigation on this.
Well when the US government  forces socialism by giving extra money on unemployment,  it destroyed the free market and eventually will cause hyper inflation
Somewhere sometime it became normal that the higher paid more invested manager who should have more pressure decided that they should have no pressure and allocate all duties to subordinates...also we DONT WANT TO WEAR MASKS FOREVER OR HAVE OUR EMPLOYER DECIDE OUR MEDICAL DECISIONS!!!
Another bullsh@t story.
I'm not going to waste my time watching, when the answer couldn't be more obvious: mask-n-vax mandates. . If I'm wrong, correct me.
Since the pandemic alot of people are making a living working from home. Plus no commuting cost or vaccine mandates.
Ppl have realized how used they r & r fed up
you shouldnt be able to run a business if you dont pay your workers fairly, period. i wish the us would finally implement workers rights. as a german, it is so sad to see what they have to keep up with. i could never. i never have to fear to get fired at my job and i know that i am valued. i have my 28 days off a year and unlimited sickdays, as it should be. the us is a hellhole, so crazy
Some of them are really just lazy people wanting a free ride from the government unemployment
Why work when the government will take care of you?
13:11 "Honestly, there is no office that could offer me what I have in my house." 💯💯💯
They’re leaving blue states to red states for more freedom ,,, we’re sick of paying astronomical taxes and not getting anything back for it ,, we want freedom !
8 years no raise, lost the contract and couldn't even find me another site
Because customers treat you like s...and you don't get paid enough to even get out of bed
It’s the mask and the mandate. I am thinking about quitting right now. I’m tired of wearing masks, it’s making me sick, that’s the real reason. Please talk about this problem please!
Hiring bonus, as well as relocation???? Very interested as I'm a multi tradesman. Email me/ comment.
I love how this piece focused on executive assistants.   I would hardly call this sector, "workers".
get better pay when you move around. Employer does not values loyalty.
Why is 60 minutes interviewing employers? Make them look like they aren’t doing anything wrong. I’m starting to see that most journalism is biased. Do better, people are aware we aren’t stupid anymore. We are a new generation where we have information on our fingertips. Pay us more life isn’t sustainable with the minimum especially with inflation
Employers won't have honest conversations with skilled workers.  The gatekeepers are unskilled. It's a shame.
She leaves the door open to trouble...take care of your husband that's your primary job
The conditions that caused the labor shortage are temporary as is this "great resignation"... once the fed starts raising interest rates which will force a recession to counter inflation and uncle sugar (government) stops paying people to sit home it will be back to the fields you'll go... as- holes and elbows.  Enjoy this little bit of leverage over your employer while it last...
It’s because of the mandate liar!
lol we need job that export product for gnp these are service job lol
These jobs don’t pay enough to fund a family so what’s the point? Also these jobs keep you away from the things you love so again, what’s the point?
"The Free Market Fail" would be a more apt title.
You're looking at what ? Retail, hospitality, healthcare ? These people are scared. That's why they're quitting.  I keep reading posts about 'employer loyalty'. What do they owe you ? $20/hr to flip burgers ? Or change sheets in a hotel ? To work a cash register ? Sure, they can do that. But then they just raise their prices to cover the labor and you're back where you started. Maybe put in the effort to get into a more lucrative career where you get the perks you're after in addition to the money.
What a weird clip. "Why do you think people are leaving their jobs?" ummm I wooonder.........
I need to make bio-copies of myself (clones) to work 100's of thousands of jobs.........
Exactly
Maybe working people are tired of paying taxes to support the lazy? That’s one reason why I retired.
Its not a mystery. Hard working people seen that the low life, lazy good for nothing people were getting just as much income from handouts and working yourself to death suddenly wasnt worth it.
The workers arent out there!  bs pay them right instead of tips only
Why people are leaving jobs. 1) housing cost in some areas  2) not enough holiday or paid vacation 3) benefits are way to high 4) won't pay enough for years experience 5) little or no rasies ( just left a place where you would get a ten cents a year raise)  6) some companies don't promote from within. Hire managers off the street that know nothing about your job.
2:23 do the data tell you why?   Americans are quitting proper speech it seems.
I love remote study I could study relax and take care of my family same time
This probably has also happened because it seemed very difficult to find work in earlier years.
Been real quiet after this piece guys. Should take it down and try again because damn. You done missed.
YOU ARE LYING. STOP THE B.S.
What they don't say about education is that not only there is a lack of numbers but as well that poor teachers are accepting to do it.  Prepared professionals are each year less amd the situation is very serious. It's not worth it anymore for the pay you get and the equivalent stress.
You have a lot of lazy people who got use to get 600 dollars per week for during nothing  . And a good amount of them are Gen Z and millennials
I quit my job 5 months ago, best thing I've done, Im not starving and chasing my dream to become a pilot.
And what do people live on when they are not working ?🤑
We were never created for bondage! Job; just over broke! Enough to get by but not live! People are exhausted! One has to evaluate this system implemented in world! Are you living your life for you? Or living the programmers life?
No one wants to work for the racist pale faced people, in Greenville SC, and, the rest of the Southern pale faced folk. TRUTH.
In August 2021 my then employer tried to flex on me. I left that afternoon and laterally hired on the following morning. I’ll never forget the look on his face when I turned in my key, cleaned out my desk, and took all my books! Old boss retired December 1st 2021
No they're quitting because your forcing a vaccine on them
How many companies offer pensions or decent benefits in this country anymore? This is not an emotional issue. This is an issue of tangible problems with life in this country. Our for profit healthcare industry makes it impossible to accept low wages and abuse in the workplace. Not to mention young workers will never be able to afford a home anymore, because the housing market is being bought out by corporate investors. And the situation is getting worse by the day. Our government is in the pocket of corporations, and the people are unheard, unrepresented, and are suffering. Interesting how you won’t show the dislikes on this video.
There are so many jobless in developing countries so why don’t you employ them? They are also just an human as any good Americans
Women Quitting Their Jobs Because They Make More On Only Fans😂😎
Basically tired of being slaves (employees)
How did you make a piece on workers quitting and interview 4 business owners. Maybe ask a restaurant worker or a construction worker how they were treated at those jobs. How the shockingly low pay made their lives hard. Or talk to anybody besides the bosses. This just shows how out of touch you are. If you are ever wondering while legacy media is dying at an incredible rate, this is why. You should be ashamed in yourself as a "journalist".
Don't go back to work until you are paid what you are worth
paying more!!!?? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
My husband quit his city job because of bureaucratic and political BS.!! We all had 2 years to figure out what we want our lives to be like. God gave us free will.
We the people are sick and tired of Evil Government enslaving us.
People are quitting all the thankless jobs.
Why contribute to a failing system. Federal fraud banking mafia.
The corporate mentality in the u.s. is something akin to share crop farmers...almost slavery...but not quite slavery.
Tired of working for the Beast government who is genociding its own people.
Let's see, because they were going to get fired for not getting the vaccine?  The current piece of housing is more than 1/3 of what most earn?
Well let’s see……. Horrible bosses, lousy jobs, no benefits, it’s pretty easy to understand.
So you want reasonable housing with a nice paying job....  vote republican.  The Democrats will keep you on the plantation.
And BE HONEST!! People are tired of making pennies, living check to check, broke. Can’t afford to see a dr, but have the insurance coverage. Having to choose groceries or bills.  Get realistic people! You can’t even survive comfortably making $20.00 per hour.
Thanks, 60 Minutes for protecting Corporations and their now unfair way to treat employees. Because working for modern jobs is terrible, the pay and even benefits regardless of how high can never catch up to increases in costs of living. The rather callous way corporations treat employees is also another problem. Working under restricted economic conditions during the lockdowns and slow economy showed employers that could do more with less employees, and now getting back to a more expanded economy. As far as benefits during the Pandemic, they are not the factor anymore since they were temporary relief that no longer is a factor. Decades of Employers dictating terms are over, sorry get used to the new normal. The same practices that created a dependency in foreign markets productions and exports rather than independent U.S. or local economic development are also responsible for higher costs for everyone.
I wish I could afford to quit my job bc it’s “toxic”.
Hey America!! Hire those non violent felons . And you won’t have these problems!
Let’s not forget the force of vaccinations! Which caused allot of people to say bye bye to the workforce👋🏾…when the govt tries to force us to do something we don’t want to do that’s what happens 🤷🏽‍♀️. They need us we don’t need them
My god some of these comments ...  if you don’t like your job and it’s “abusive”...  go start your own company you crying bunch of babies.
Duh...  bc they are paid to stay at home. Doesn’t take a damn genius to figure it out.
Let me save all of you some time…. Corrupt corporations, bad bosses, terrible media (like this), lack of accountability from those in power, and serious over reach. 🤡🤡
So many big name companies trying to hire workers. We people are tired of showing "loyalty" towards our jobs. I realized long ago that I am just expendable. This 2020 and 2021 these high executives couldn't get their big bonuses because if they did it would have been their last. 60 minutes just didn't see the workers point of view.
Time for a change we the people have the power to do it together but we have to come together we all have same reasons
He didn't mention that a lot of people got used to the idea of getting a check in their mailbox and they're literally stuck in place realizing oh yeah I used to work I got to go get a job it's like coming back after your lunch break you just don't want to go back to work.
Nice job only interview the employers, if you want clarity interview employees, you’ll get the truth on why nobody wants to work for an employer they feel expendable to
This is really interesting to me, at my current job it starts at $8 an hour. There are two major malls where most of the employees pay $10-15 an hour. But all of those places in the mall have several signs up while mine does not. I think there are two major reasons for this 1: my job has more meaning than being a mask checker or cashier in a mall but even better is reason number 2: my manager is amazing, she gives out bonuses, very accommodating on the schedule (some people work 40 hours a week, some only work 4 hours a month, by their choice), orders pizza or donuts if most of the staff is there on truck days, acknowledges when someone does something right but does not go crazy if someone does something wrong, fights higher management and defends her employees never throwing them under the bus and many more reasons. I truly believe pay is not a leading factor, I think crappy managers and management are.
Employers need to be more humble and kind to workers. Most think an employee can't get another job somewhere or start a business of their own which is arrogant on their part. Karma is real! Be kind to all. Help yourself to help others. Always do what's best for your mental health and prepare for the worst.
I work in skilled nursing and we have over 45 fully vaccinated staff members who also had their booster shots and They all have tested POSITIVE for Covid!!!!! Clearly they can still catch and spread the virus. We’re so desperate for staffing that we’re actually working POSITIVE Covid nurses with face shields on the floor just to cover the shifts!!!Vaccine mandates are unlawful and defy all common sense!!!!!!
at least now we know you guys are getting your pockets lined up to tell the story of the poor business owners and not the employees they want to pay poverty wages while expecting them to be loyal to the company
I left a job by my house and the pay was good. The problem was some of the young people don’t want to work, only get paid! I complained three times about people walking away from registers to visit each other or on their phones! Even though we had to sign a paper saying we won’t have our phones on us when we are working. Lot of jobs available where I am. Start a new job Tuesday! Thank you Jesus
The great quit during the....covid 19...pandemic is a complete mystery to stupid people. Just look at those tyrannical mandates
Why are people quitting their jobs? easy answer the employers DONT PAY A LIVABLE WAGE!
I'm sure it has nothing to do with socialist policies.
When your average CEO makes 340 times more than you median employee and the employees have to mandatory overtime while the CEO is on vacation for weeks on end might wonder why people are quitting . pay your people ! Treat them like you would like to be treated .
Great video! 👍 Workers have been putting up with abuse & crappy wages, no or little benefits, no pension  plans, crazy bosses, Corp America greed, no unions, no flexibility,  etc. The tables have turned finally. We need health care for all,, affordable child care, affordable  housing, living wages, respect from the employers,   just for starts. There's  no reason why CEOs earn millions, but pay their  employees scraps. Get rid of greedy CEOs....they don't  deserve to earn millions. Disgusting! 😤 Power to the people. 💪
becuz we've learnd how to do stuff on youtube and make money off of it n take the middle man out
Cause we're not working for $15 an hour. It's trash
So out of touch
Wow, pre pandemic if you had a bachelors degree a lucky few went into their field. Many took less pay or became teachers ( for loan forgiveness ).  With so many people dead and people shifting positions. The people who can fill those positions are leaving teaching and restaurant to fill them.  Great story about people not even needing to go to to do their job though. But now you know why the huge shift in employment is happening.
Most jobs in the US are exploitative to say the least. Employees aren’t able to unionise, executives skim the top and more, corporations care little about the environment, honesty isn’t rewarded at workplaces, manipulation / lies is! The GIG economy has exploited workers more than anything else.
Poor people are just tired of being treated worse and worse by rich people.
Its people working with the public leaving. Don't get paid enough,  no benefits, unrealistic expectations, not appreciated, inconvenient hours for there lifestyle.
They want employees to be available to work any shift, like closing on friday, then opening on Saturday.  Its unreasonable, and there are other ways to make crappy money with no benefits. There are also the people with kids that realized that working (childcare+ transportation+ appearance+ meals away from home+ etc) takes their entire net pay and then some, so what's the point.
Let’s be honest here. Ppl are leaving Democrat ran states and cities for better living and cost of living. Companies are doing the same. 60minuted trying to beat around the bush.
Who wants to be a wage chuck in this day and age? These 15$ hr jobs are not worth it. I did restaurant work for that wage and it definitely was not worth it.
LET'S GO BRANDON
Earn Income taxes is too damn high.  Nearly 40 percent of your paycheck tax. How about they reduce our taxes from 40 percent  to 15 percent.
BECAUSE THEY DONT WANT TO TAKE THE MARK OF THE BEAST
Pay a livable wage and workers will come back.
We need robots...
It's great when the power shifts... Just imagine what we could accomplish if this was normal life. Instead of big businesses having all the power, the employees now have some. Pay better livable wages and give more flexible schedules. Also "flexible scheduling" does NOT mean the employee has to be as flexible as a rope or they get written up for not coming in. THEY get to choose their hours, not the company.
The Death Shot / Dumb A$$ Masks ??? Maybe ?
Greenville,.Terrible example.Good job though tossing the narrative around like cute babies.
Because mandates! It doesn't matter what is offered as pay. Stop the mandates. It's interesting that they can change things to keep the games going: NFL, NBA, and etc, when their pockets get low. Interesting that back when the people demanded an increase in minimum wages to match/offset the cost of living, we were told NO because it would cause chaos in the economy. Things that make you go hmmm....
not only that many adult americans have been turned away because of felonys given even to innocent people
Because I can get paid better and not worked like a dog. Or I can I don't know... Enjoy life!
I get what people are saying about wanting better pay and benefits but how are people affording to live? I can't imagine if I quit my job. House payment, car payment, food? I guess I just don't get it.
Open the boarder!  They want to work.
Everyone  I know that quit...quit because they down want that vaccine
The complacency is bewildering
Maybe stop absolutely RAILING us while you make 99% of the profits
BUY AUTOMATION / AI stock.  Employers will answer this problem with technology
They are not quitting, jobs are being taken away!   How many businesses closed recently? 🤔
AT LEAST HALF OF THIS STORY IS NTHING BUT LIES AND BULL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I call BS. People are going bankrupt cause of the Covid Circus... People need to survive. If a waitress is gonna quit her Job, what will she do?
Workers are quitting because they realized they were exchanging more than just their time (an already priceless asset) for some money.  People were putting their mental and physical health on the line and possibly infecting their own family, for low wages and little to no benefits. Why would they stay loyal to the companies they worked for when those companies were quick to not pay them when they were sick, or take the precautions to protect their employees. So many companies were quick to fire and lay off, everyone realized they were expendable. And they aren't going to give that loyalty to these businesses that weren't giving it back.   The business I worked for went on pause during the pandemic. 4 months of being employed without actually working or getting paid. Of course I quit but got no benefits, help or even unemployment because I quit. So no I didn't stop working because handouts or gov benefits, I had NONE. The same company calls me back later to start after I had to move due to rent being too high and not being able to renew my lease. At the end of the day, in America, profits are first. That's why people are quitting. And don't get me started on 'inflation' as soon as gov help came along the prices of everyday goods and rent increased, yet somehow profit margins also increased. How can necessary food and items be the most expensive they've been yet somehow the companies makes the most they've ever made per sale?
Maybe some workers are getting tired of being told they are evil racists by their company simply because they are white.
FREEDOM, all you need is within, GOD is within! BREAK FREE FROM MANIPULATION and LIES , this is all a lie.
In other words, American women have decided that instead of slaving for a corporation that could care less about their well being, they would rather be more traditional, stay at home and work for their families. The falsehoods of Feminism have become too heavy of a weight to bear. Good for American women for waking up and taking back their lives!
This is a good thing.
They go to scab city to find out why employers can’t hire any carpenters for $10/hr.
The mandates have more to do with people losing their jobs than individuals quitting.
Why ? What a stupid question..
We are tired of working for nothing.. while companies make all this money and giving the pure minimums
This is industry propaganda. Don’t believe it.
After listening to nearly half of this (and I know it may be mentioned later in the video), I suggest that you consider this:  there are a LOT of people who will NOT get a jab or wear masks, just to keep a job.  They are leaving companies that try to force these issues.  It would be good if this topic were addressed.
This was obviously done by boomers. Treat your workers like humans and this wouldn’t be happening. I hope this crumbles companies.
Metaverse
A lot of lazy and entitled workers are out there. If you are a hard working person, you'll pick up all the slack these lazy people leave. They think they are better than work. That's why I quit my job and started my own company 10 years ago. Self made, tired of taking care of all these lazy workers
can you say vax mandates
Remember James Madison, may the statement,the Government is to protect the rich minority, or the opulent minority.
60 minutes ....a big swing and a miss!
Forgive me, although people didn’t quite they were laid off.
True. Having more time for our children and family is priceless. Me, we’ll see a shift of more respectable up bringing.   Love it.
There is no support for working parents. I actually quit the year before the pandemic. This was a long time coming.
"there's no office can offer what I have in my house" Love it❤️
Perhaps is time to work for a living, NOT to live for work. Quality style of life, time with the family, with nature, with ourselves.  NOT to consumerism, MORE humanism
Employer's also are being very picky  and they want you to be vaccinated.
The company I work for is making changes and giving significant raises. We all need to keep up the pressure. Real change is possible right now.
What a fun little piece that doesn’t talk about worker exploitation, abuse of workers in the workplace, or how corporations have made the housing market is so ridiculously inflated. “What makes my heart sing” more like “where can I be treated like a human being.” “There are millions of job openings” I WONDER WHY! Also, calling the Great Resignation “the big quit” is just so transparent and condescending.
I personally didn't go to college due to the debt. I rather work in a trade and work in the gig economy
I was let go because I chose freedom over government doesn't matter if it's the local, regional,  state or federal. No government has the right to tell me what I have to put into my body. I choose Freedom.
Who here did Doordash? It’s kinda fun.
My theory is a lot of people entered into crypto in early 2020. I read the YT comments on various channels and people were dumping their stimulus checks and any other money into BTC. These people made between 8-100x. They’re set. I paid off credit cards with my stimulus. I never received any paycheck protection money besides the 3 stimulus checks we all got. I worked the whole time.By the time I decided to close a retirement account to enter crypto BTC was 40000. I’m behind right now. I have no education. I cannot use a computer. I cannot use zoom. I can’t even do my taxes. I have a menial job at a public institution and get up at 3am to get there. I am very tired. It’s annoying listening to these people talk about their easy new life. This Great Reset is not working for all of us.
"No office can offer you what you have at home".... I felt that and its facts!
everyones getting free welfare and unemployment its sad. i know a single mom who just sits around all day claiming disability just because shes lazy and lives off her child support just trashy she has multiple baby daddies and gets her bills paid barley takes care of her daughter the one child she has custody over. classless just another lazy single mom having kids unplanned to leach off some man for child support while she just lays around all day gaining weight not caring for her child
Everything is falling right in place , just the way the higher ups want. Technology will take over and is taking over while people sit at home. When they choose to come back the jobs will be erased, wake up.
good more jobs for me
Everyone had the same New Years resolution. New year new job
I think the government spoiled folks paying them 900 a week to sit around and do nothing then when that ended the reality that working sucks always has and always will set in and we are simply in a readjustment period as much as people don't want to work they will have to its the bills that dictate that and they aren't going away they are only going higher.
For me as a european it was just a matter of time this happens but i thought it would happen much earlier when i see the work conditions. Better late than never.
More LIBERAL GARBAGE !
Retail and hospitality… what ? 12 dollars an hour if you ire lucky with no benefits isn’t worth it?
I worked at a multibillion dollar company, chain of dealerships, for 2 years. Started from nothing and became a certified tech. In the dealership life it’s a free for all, no one cares about anyone else, just how much money you can make. The managers didn’t care about us techs so 3 of us quit in July of 2021. I took a cross country road trip with my girlfriend and I haven’t seen any jobs that pay good enough and the ones that do, don’t want me even tho I’m qualified. I have a degree in cybersecurity and have been messing with computers since I was 6 but I applied to a bunch of entry level computer repair jobs and no one even emailed me, just declined my indeed application. If there really is a shortage, no one cares out here in Maryland. I’ve been looking for a job for over a month now
Lol alot of losers in this comment section who never understood America. We immigrate here, broke, I 1 year we own a business. Or go to school. We make money. Lots of it. You're losers. There's opportunities everywhere, but those jobs aren't meant to be forever, grow up. People are just glad that there's an excuse for them to be impetulant and lazy. People don't value you...because you're not doing a valuable job. Save up and do your own thing, or move up.  You can't ? Me and hundreds of thousands of chaldeans in my community disagree and prove it everyday.
“60 Minutes” should be “60 Morons”.  Vaccine Mandate was not mentioned one single time.  How foolish to not even pose the question and then say that’s not the problem.  At least try to pretend that investigative journalism isn’t dead.
Because the government incentivizes unemployment they want you dependent on them duh
They don't want the covid shots.
Dislike 👎
Biden’s paying them more NOT to work.
Affordable housing is an issue everywhere, even in rural 45minute average commute to work Vermont- average 2brm apartment $1,200 a month!
People are smart enough to know that the better pay and benefits are going to be taken away at the first opportunity.
Hochul Locks Citizens Out of Public Spaces During Freedom Rally in Albany 1.5.2022  https://youtu.be/GIdhrD4bkcE
Because Biden and pelosi keep giving them free money
Why Americans are quitting jobs?…… the answer is because they are too LAZY
I thought I heard many people say, ILLEGALS ARE taking our jobs, WTF IS GOING ON NOW???🤔🤔💪🇺🇸 💯
Why it’s happening? Why would anyone work when they get “free” money from the gov? The powers that be are forcing socialism on the masses. The powers that be want the herd dependent on the state.    News flash, when people get “free” money, they don’t want to work. It’s that simple
60 min really running with the black characters.
I'm not an employer complaining, but the work ethics of millineals is deplorable.
Get vaccinated you be fine get a booster shot you will be fine you need another booster oh man you need another booster that ain't get you yet you need another booster why don't people do research of over 40 years ago they've already tried this once they failed just like they're going to fail again
What happened is that everybody woke up and we know our worth. Employees for 1 don't respect us
"Higher than ever" is how many?
Well 24 hour childcare would help and making the cost more affordable
When CEOS ARE MAKING 250 TIMES more than employees that can bearly pay for food or rent something has to go.
I quit my job with this exact mentality 6 years ago prior to the shut down  and  I refused to ever again be enslaved to an office, traffic, and unhappiness. I became a freelancer and it changed my view in life  dramatically. I wondered if I was crazy for not following societies “normal” ways of living… I guess I’m not alone on this one now.  Why not enjoy life’s freedom now instead of when we’re 70 with arthritis.
So how are people paying their bills ? And putting food on the tables?
It's time to level the playing field...
New Order. Old vs New. If employers don’t understand that employees have the most leverage then most corporations and businesses will fail.
Pay more!!!!!
Maybe now a damn CEO doesn't get paid top dollar and their employees get paid pennies.. God has a funny way of teaching lessons. And this is a worldwide lesson.
Pay more
People migrating from the San Francisco job market to Austin have 2 things in common that are not "shove this job" related.  First they have steady employment enough to have bought into the million dollar bay area housing market and enough cash to afford the very costly Austin market.  For them, it is not about job satisfaction but about cashing out of beautiful but overpopulated California to buy into the very beautiful Austin area where they can still get more for their dollar.  Even though there's nothing inexpensive or affordable about Austin.
People are moving to Red states. This is a political problem. Crime and restrictions play a big part.
It's simple.  People quit because they don't want your vaccine.
People are sick of the Government taking a large chunk of their hard earned income, to pay for this nanny Country. Many are going underground to avoid paying taxes and are bartering as well, to get by. F the politicians!!!
Oh! This is an interesting topic! I’m gonna click and be entert.... 😴
Stop forcing vaccine simple
People don't won't to be forced to get the jabs
It’s happening bc of vaccine mandates you tool.
Because employers expect twice as much work for half the work. People got sick of it.
They still have to many stipulations!! You can't force people to get the BS shot it's not right I've applied for alot of job's then they want all this crap before they hire you for a low paying job but yet they keep raising everything else
Well I'm 52  and drive semi truck for a major freight carrier. 10-14 hour shifts include pickup/ delivery plus dock work in all weather conditions. It's a union job so we are treated fairly. Pay and benefits are very good. I enjoy it and will do it until I physically cannot. America needs truck drivers!
It gets very tiring working for nothin. The minimum wage in my state. I would have to work 10 YEARS saving every last dime n penny not spending a single one to buy an average house. Lights, taxes, gas, NOT INCLUDED
This was good. I felt like this mid 2019 that people was tired. I’m one of them.
Employers will exploit you if you allow them. Don’t give them the power to dictate your earning potential or happiness. I worked a stressful probation officer position for a decade. If anyone ever worked as a probation officer, they can testify to the stressful nature of the job. At one point we went 5 years without a raise. They made seem like we couldn’t do any better. Pandemic provided me an opportunity to retrain. I went back to school got a masters degree in cyber security and certification. All in a 12 month span. After a decade in a job were I didn’t make more than 45k, I doubled my income with my first Cybersecurity position at 95k. After only 4 months on the job, got an end of the year raise of 5k. Bringing my salary to 100k. For me, the pandemic was a double edge sword. Lost my father to covid but it also prompted me to take stock of my life and make necessary changes. Make the change people. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise. Only you control your destiny.
Maybe people are tired of high taxes.. hey just like the Boston tea party..
We were all already defeated before the pandemic. Stagnant wages, personal debt, housing costs, unemployment, inability to save money, etc.  And then in 2020, you have a government telling you who is essential and who is not, de valuing what little you had.  People are tired of the system. This is why many people think communism is a good option.
GOVERNMENT PROPAGANDA.  The "expert" in this story explains that people are quitting their jobs now more than ever in recorded history, and her explanation is that workers - rather than working - are asking themselves "what makes my heart sing?" And since work doesn't "make their hearts sing" they chose not to work. Then the video drools on for 40 more minutes without explain how these people are surviving without working: It is the Covid "free money" programs. China now controls the present administration and is crashing our economy. This will get FAR WORSE before it gets better. Build up your own long term resources NOW while you can.
"When nearly every employer seems to be offering better pay, benefits, and even signing bonuses"? Lol.
60 Minutes has always been the best Comedy Show on TV  *No wonder America is so dumb*
See, I’ve done many years of labour. I’ve done construction, all no thanks to the last economy crash.  The problem is mainly that through the capitalism model, hard labour isn’t seen as valuable, so the pay is crappy.  People are sick and tired of getting  sub-par money for the hard effort they put into their work.  If these employers upped their pay worthy of the hardship within that work, they’d have more people working for them.  But always, greed is king. Well there ya go. Now you’re struggling to run your businesses due to lack of workers. It’s on YOU bosses. Not the workers. Congrats! Bravo.
A lot are leaving because they don’t want the shot!
😺. when I applied they didn't seem to need me that badly. Even if the store was shut down many days due to lack of laborers
If the government pays people to stay home. They will. Universal income didn’t work in communist countries and it won’t work in the USA.
Why would most waitresses stay? You pay 2.90  an hour in most states and expect them to live off tips? I’ve never been a waiter but I’d never do it for uncertain money. Pay people properly. If you own 6 restaurants, you can afford 15 an hour plus tips
The real question is why employers are demanding a vaccination for a cold? That doesn't work.
Yeah government checks aren't coming in anymore let's see how many of these individuals who quit try to run  back to the job they quit
Better pay and being treated better at these said jobs would help
Flexibility is critical....
In my area jobs simply suck, bad pay, no benefits and awful hours. Kinda hope the American mentality of how work life balance and cost of living burns to the ground, we are not slaves.
What I lie I’m been in restaurant for13 years an been applying oh yes they are saying there hiring but they really are so misleading news 📰 😔
From a British point of view I put forward the theory that the US workforce have the Internet and are starting to see how people in the UK/ Europe are treated when it comes to holidays, maternty pay, health insurance etc ect and above at how the employers treat their workers.
Pandemic hit and companies abandoned their workers. People adjusted,  started business.  They had no savings and realized working a thankless job you can't save with is not worth it.
Well... Cheeto in Chief did promise *"JOBS JOOOOOBS JOOOOOOOOOOBS"*  He did not specify that they would be vacant 😂
If there were more unions, there would be better working conditions.
Companies are not looking after the health of their workers. Money is not important when you can die from covit and they see 900 people in factories coming down with covet and having to work awhile companies and some working fir home. Teachers are afraid of attracting covit from schools and children and others.in families to take home to their own families. Many are not being. Paid enough to pay for high cost of housing. Their always have been people who didn't want to work , in 70's- and before and thought now.
one of the reasons why people are walking away from their jobs is because of what online businesses has to offer which includes being your own boss setting your own hours and most importantly being able to spend more time with your family which is more crucial now then ever before considering the Pandemic and the uncertainty of life.
it seems to me that alot of people lack a sense of duty honor and commitment to our country...1 in 7 people working remotely affects many other people that they are not considering.. the food establishment you were taking your lunch in,  the gas station you were buying your gas at, and i think it is very sad that younger people have taken this kind of outlook on things...all i can say, is down the road when you are wanting to build a new house, go  on a vacation,  attend a school function,  take in a movie and dinner,  these services will be hard to get,  and expensive... but, people have said lately that there will always be lower labor grade jobs... it isn't looking like it, unless that is the point of letting in 4 million illegals into this country expecting them to take these jobs... i sooner think it a way to gain votes, and increase government through social programs.. i am enjoying the abundance of work available to me through these times and i still can be commited and live up to my word to an employer that i will stay with them and give them 100%...i could retire...but until health reasons keep me from going to work, i will keep on keepin on.....
It’s a race to the bottom for wages in this country burn it down
Everyone knows why
Government pays them more to sit at home and depend on the government check
I was excited to come back to work but I was let go because I now have to get the shot. I was scared and unprepared with little to no help.
Why work? You get unemployment, plus federal and state stimulus checks.  Once you introduce socialism you will always have 25% of population with there hand out.
Remote jobs are the natural evolution of technology plus the trend of offices offering quirky perks.
Inflation is eating their pay raise. Plus the 40 hour work week. Doesn't work anymore. Food for thought. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Companies have treated (non executive) workers like crap for decades. This phenomenon is simply labor market correction that is long overdue
It isn't a "worker problem" you clueless dolts. With millions of people simultaneously doing this, it is a company culture problem
Lol not one mention of the very entity that effects all industries?  THE FEDERAL RESERVE is what’s killing the dollar, thus, the purchasing power of your money.   Americans don’t want to go after their biggest enemy because the media tells you they aren’t your enemy.
So people don't want to be treated like slaves? Go figure.
I don’t have much evidence but I suspect in states where the minimum wage has increased many people that used to work 2 or 3 restaurant jobs to make ends meet are now working 1 or 2.
I think this should be broken down. Women for instance are staying home because schools were closed and you can't be sure they aren't closing again.
I quit mine because the boss man was a stalking nightmare
Many or us workers are overwhelmed overworked overstressed and underpaid with no appreciation for the work that we do.  Many want a actual work life balance when few companies do not offer this. Like myself I'm so completely burnout with the medical field. I'm now at the point to just go back into retail or even fast food or something that offers decent pay opportunity to advance and a actual work life balance
Open the the border. I bet you those job get filled up quick.
Come On!! Quiting? More like being fired. Fired by coercive force to get vaccinated. That's a Fact!  Now, experiencing the distrust in government & media! Time and shut down, hopefully appreciation for Gaia and for fellows. Hopefully a decrease in desires for more, for bigger, for waste; has been adopted!  Not too many of the working class can afford the inflation anyways!  Salaries haven't matched the rising costs of everything needed to live, of taxes increased...to take on the added peer stressors on the job drana, I'd work virtually at the drop of a dime! I feel like I Retired in 2016 when I resigned due to domestic abuse and the toll the domestic terrorist was having on me & my children.  I too had held white collar positions, lastly a dual position as a State lean Practitioner Trainer & a billion $$ Fiscal Analyst.. While being a full time single Mom, household, 2 kids, daycare & then both school, all of our day in day out appts, errands, responsibilities of my home, extra curricular studies for mental health, school mtgs weekly, home group mtgs wkly, school therapist wkly, All Me...I had worked since 16 as well... The transition of living a very frugal experience still isn't ideal but I deal... Lol I also won't ever go back to corporate America... Not in the context of punching a time clock and entirely too many wasteful mtgs...  I've thoroughly enjoyed any additional time with my kids! They're whose important for me! An advocate for DV victims, for legal abuse victims, for the RICO of Family Courts in collusion with CPS, studying congress; and a spiritual zen with Meditative, spiritual, & Holistic... That's my genre right now💐🤘🏽🙏🏽
My local McDonald's closes at 7 PM because they cannot find enough workers to keep it open later in the evening.  (It used to be open 24/7.) Apparently, the workers quit and found jobs that offer better pay and benefits.
A 70% progressive tax rate fixes these problems real fast.  Increases in wages benefits and bonuses to offset profits that get taxed .  Tax breaks is never actually trickle down.
Because everyone is quitting agriculture workers are being replaced with elegal workers that dont complain even if they are treated bad and low pay
The Great Awakening... the illussion of freedom is broken... we're done being slaves to bankers... bye bye.  Federal Reserve is a crime syndicate
Anyone trust CBS still? Why? Shills for deepstate.
Time to start paying better wages. How many weeks holidays do you get in America? How about paid sick days?
Because the communist  are handing out checks thinking their free. While tax paying Americans  hold 2 jobs to pay for their checks. And the main stream media sell this communist plot and send the u.s. into the toilet.  Can you say lawyer line my pocket talk.
29 seconds in and I can already tell you that these huge sign on bonuses are just eye grabbers. Give it a year or so and you start getting that good old "work is b.s." feeling once again. I'll keep using the same question which is why should anybody work for any employer who makes you wait 2 years for 2 or 3 days vacation? If you take the time to realize how many places operate in that way and that we didn't all graduate from college but we need and deserve a fair shot at living wages a picture emerges. Of an employment world not loaded with greed and lies. You have kids? You gonna tell me work is more important than your life? My god. That's what this is about. In ways. Workers aren't robots but that's the basic mentality of an employer ain't it? We all know the deal here. The flexibility they mentioned that employers mention to get you to sign on but never actually give to you. Ever.
Going to jobs with better pay and union jobs
Marie Antoinette would be proud of the peasants leaving the drudgery of work and improving their lives.
How many laborers did trump kick out?   Also.  The 6 silver quartets of min wage from.1962 is some where between 18 and  32 papper dollars today.. top wages are less than min wage in 62 . Why would any one
Mothers with kids under 15 or even under 17 should have free money no worries for money ,to have time and gather patients to raise respectable young people
I think the majority of this has to do with vaccine mandates from employers.  People are choosing life over poisonous vaccines. People need an income, but they would rather quit and stay healthy, and move to a state where they can work free of vaccine mandates.
Ask a person from third world country they know the value of job
I don't buy that there are piles and piles of jobs available. I keep applying and nobody hires. It seems as though managers are putting 'help wanted' in the window and when you apply they're throwing all the applications in the trash, then putting 'help wanted' in the window again. Like this is some sort of agenda that they're all in on.
The hip restaurants that pay well and have the culture built where the team member is the most important piece are thriving with team members by the way. I've always had the mentality that I am serving my team members and then they serve me back by serving the guest. I can honestly say that I have way more applications than I can even look at and that my core team really hasn't changed.
Before plandemic, people were protesting they wanted $20/Hr. to work at McDonalds. After the plandemic, they get their wish, only now, inflation and therefore cost of living now mean that you're still only getting paid minimum wage at McDonalds even if you are making $20/Hr. Nothing's changed. Now we want $40/Hr. to work at McDonalds. You aren't fooling us!
Everyone deserves a certain level of respect.  Appreciate you workers and they will go over and above for you as an employer.
Pay people a decent wage voila workers appear
“There is no office that could offer me what I have in my house”   Roger that!!
If you can't pay your employees a decent wage with benefits then please don't open a business
Since covid the health insurance has gotten better huge raises months apart bonuses at new years and I work construction.we can't find anyone qualified we have been through about 4 guys in 5 months.during the the covid layoff I discovered investing.thank you covid I now am obsessed and I do not need a investment firm investing my money for me.the covid lockdowns gave me time to understand not fully but in a competent way how investing and making profit works enough so I can quit this job about 15 years earlier.there is alot of people who are learning what the rich people do not want the low middle class to learn.you can make a days pay Investing with little Risk and make a days pay everyday and they more you become addicted  to investing.im not greedy I just don't want to work until 65 then die of cancer the day I retire.alot of people have been awaken because of solitude and the time to think about the job you hate and the opportunity to change just being a sheep till you die at 65.what king of future does anyone have at 65 after Being ground down for over 45 years.
Let's go Brandon!
When the government is paying people to not work that plays a big role
What most won't see is this is all part of the wealth transfer, some german said recently " you will own nothing and be happy" and it also coincides with brandon's new appointment on Saule omarova, a committed communist who supports the teachings of Karl marx, and has written many papers praising the policy of own nothing and be happy, whilst they become trillionairs.
One word.... Democrats!!!!! Dismantle that party and America will thrive tremendously
Cost me thirty grand to make eighty then I’m taxed up the wahoo🥴🤢🤮🤑
I believe the question- after you quit 'was it fun?'- belittles her and others' actions.
Screaming libs..
How do they even know what variant is what ? There regular Covid test are unreliable
Take this job and shove it you’ve been telling us about the robots so go get your robots from China
Fake news
Retail and hospitality workers work odd hours, works hard, get low pay and benefits, and constantly have to deal with disrespectful and mean customers. I'm glad I'll never have to work those jobs again, and can't blame anyone for leaving.
Because management sucks
This is nothing new I’ve been working construction straight out of high school and I’m 50 years old and I’ve always heard the saying I’m a dime a dozen
ITS because people are tired of being treated bad and like slaves .... people have not been getting breaks they need... and peoples bodies are tearing down.. myself I lost my knee because of working so hard.  Now my son inlaw half my age is losing both his knees and shoulders because he has been worked to damn hard with no breaks.  No time to heal your bodies!!
The biggest problem with Western mind set is believing humans are animals. NO. We are not. We need respect, love and emotions. Thanks to God that these things are happening. Thanks to the Virus who is giving us some important messages.
That's an easy question, they all found a home base business to do from the comfort of their home That making them profit that why and you should toooooo. 🤝🏽
Lies most of us were looking for jobs before the pandemic but maybe we got in trouble when we were young maybe we were black and maybe we were denied opportunities maybe we were told we could only work in petty little jobs making $8.50 an hour or even $10.50 an hour all of it is nothing USA is going down big time buddy because it is evil
Pay is way to low 40 hr a week is way to much time away from your family children school and job work life don’t add up  school starting at 8am be at wrk by 9am school off a 3pm wrk off at 5pm rushing to cook do homework and love your child should never be rush let these greedy corporations burn and get back to loving your family and  not letting the internet raise your child
Pretend I'm married even though I'm divorced cuz of lies lies lies lies
I am a registered teacher and I have been sending out my CVs for 3 years but didn't get hired.
Since voices knows nursing let him tell u with stop sign
What has happened...60 minutes, CNN, and other Media exactly know why...
60 MINUTES ARE PEEDOS 🖕🍕🌭👺
Amazing how Covid  affects everything . Including mandates.
What ignited the topic of this video was covid-19. If the US government or whoever released the coronavirus upon the world's population you have them to thank for the unemployment crisis. The balance of power has shifted towards the employee and it's for the better. They wanted us to stay home and the population did that. A percentage of the population came to the conclusion that they like being home. And that they actually hated their job especially the jobs that were redundant and that did not offer any kind of monetario growth and flexibility. Like who wants to be a waiter, cashier, janitor, security guard, food preparer, warehouse worker, manual laborer, and housekeeper for a x amount of years with no real growth. Back brake and work for nothing. For some people these are the only jobs that they can get hired on to do. And if that's the case the job itself needs to evolve with the times that we are living in or else.
Vaccine mandate
I didn’t go to Oxford but the problem is they don’t have high enough wages
Covid duh ✊🏾
I quit because during the pandemic, managers and district managers were so abusive and unappreciative. Worked me to where I was constantly sick, because they made me do three jobs, made fun of me, said nasty things about me, as well as others. The manager was so lazy, other people were doing her job. It was so abusive that I went home, took pain medicine and went to bed and repeat. I only ate one meal a day, because I was too tired. More people walked out of job that were the same. I was having an asthma attack and screamed at to keep working. I had bronchitis, screamed at to keep working. I filed complaints and 1 grievance. I finally had to take care of myself. Some of us go home to abuse. We don't want to have to go to work and be abused. I still feel angry and hurt by these actions and I'm not the only one.
It’s about illegal mandates that costs people lost jobs We are Free Nation 🗽
This is what happens when employers don't treat their employees with respect
mandates being the main reason people relised their passion is elsewhere, that's in Australia anyways.
Americans are burnt out , ain’t that the truth!
Can you be a Telecoms Tower Climber from home or an Electrician. I say this because ive noticed some of the managers I speak to on video phone especially over Covid are not even dressed, thankfully they earn less working from home and due to their inadequate behaviour, i usually report them to the bigger boys and girls, ya know ones who sit on golden toilet seats eating that vegan crap.
After 38 years going to an office and covid offering remote work from home I have to consider it a blessing. Going back would be so morbid, and at this point I would consider retiring and go for a long hike.
" I just sat there , wondering , what am I gonna do ? "  Then I remembered I got a husband , I'll just put it all on him .  Typical.
Good for you, Americans! It was about time!
I quit my job they just don’t know it yet because I got one foot in the door as a strategy but I’m in a completely different  country now set up living a cheaper happier more family oriented life to stay but ya never know in lie sometimes  Also there’s nothing to lose because min wage went sky high  My $35 an hour use to be a big deal now McDonald is hiring for $16 $18 in the door for some places
It’s the roll up your sleever.
fuclk these clowns they dont know how to report. where is the dislike button when you need it
Free money from gouv why would they work
Most employers/direct bosses (supervisors and managers) disrespect their employees in the way they treat their employees.
Life is short. Live it for yourself.
Better pay?  I haven’t seen that. People are overworked,underpayed, flexibility to juggle family life, work at home or even self employed.  It’s more than just pay it’s treatment it’s security it’s people are tired of dealing with being mistreated, overlooked no flexibility not enough time off. Look at other countries that have a better system than the US. The healthcare system  also is terrible. Others may be concerned of safety.
It's intuition for "the end of the world." I can tell you that 5 years before the pandemic hit I knew about it. I feel it is going to happen again in the next 3 years. I'm usually right about this stuff. I freak people out.
The mandates is destroying America’s businesses why media plays dumb
Why are Americans quitting thier jobs....  60 minutes: 70 percent of the interview is based on employers
because people are tired of making slavery wages
Biden's America
Well if vaccine aren’t required anymore, me an my young wife would sing up right ahead
Your biased interruption keeps me from ever supporting you
GOP: They're quitting because they're lazy and still living off ALL that pandemic money! All $1400 of it!  DEMS: They're quitting because they're afraid of catching covid in the workplace. This is the best way to stop the spread.
This is why I work at Omni interactions I get to choose my own hours and work from home
"There is no office that can offer me what I have in my house. Impossible."
Feminism sold women a LIE!!!! Careers aren’t fulfilling for a good life. Relationships, family and doing something you like are food for the soul.
I quit my job and got hired to work from home and I love it!  My sister just quit her job and just got interviewed to work from home.  We are home bodies and we love comfort, saving gas, saving Dunkin’ coffee, and save a lot of time.  No more rushing like crazy only to come home for a few hours and start all over again.  Now I have so much time to do things and my mind is no longer stressed out.  Flexibility is a must.  I tried to get a part time job at Target for the holiday but the manager told me that they literally needed me working 6pm-12am plus weekends.  I turned it down and decided that it was not worth it.  He had no room to provide flexibility.  I didn’t even tried somewhere else becuz I figured that many of these places are not flexible and I’m wasting their time and my time.  My son was happy I was not getting a second job.  And he loves it that I work from home.
Fiat currency has a history of going to zero.
Let’s burn the system down!!!!
Sixty Minutes...lol. more of the media propagandists. I'm so content, watching "zero" tv for the past 7 yrs. Good luck, all!
But wouldn't cabin fever hit in after a while!
Beautiful Story
I like the fact that we all AGREE on something!
Tf is up with her nose 👃
E v e r y b o d y   I s  g e t t I n g   l a z y ! 😒
At my work we hire people just as quickly as they quit because our manager is so overbearing about every little thing and is always complaining someone is doing their job wrong.  Not to mention that people who worked for her for years quit because they wouldn't get a raise for doing more work.
It's are turn tell are boss your fired. Without employees there is no business until the robots come.
A healthy choice placing personal requirements ahead of monetary churn
My partner encouraged me to quit my dead end job in 2015. I've been working for myself since then and the greatest decision I ever made.
Don’t let this convince you that you should go back. We NEED to continue this for as long as possible and with everything. We need to abstain to correct the terrible damage that’s been done to our society and collective consciousness.
Story doesnt even cover the number of employees who were forced to quit their jabs because they didn't want to get the jab. How many employees quit as a result of that? When you coerce people to get the jab or else...people are not going to put up with this style of management...especially in the healthcare industry. You wait and see. Huge changes are coming in that industry for the better.
blown away that they're trying to blame this on the stimulus everyone blew last year and plenty of people never got. incredible.
Remote work is where it’s at. It’s time, it’s time for that to happen.
Don't let this media giant dictate how and why and what.  Ever again!!!!!
I don't know. Might have something to do with Low pay Low respect The government inflating away everyone's savings The fact that if we don't raise wages it will be worthless And if it does go up we dug such a deep hole That all the prices will go up, making the raise worthless. Damned if do and damned if dont
STOP LYING….PEOPLE ARE QUITTING BECAUSE YALL MANDATING THE VACCINE AND FOLK IS NOT TAKING IT…..SO THEY ARE QUITTING
We all figured out how to beat the system and the system isn’t happy. Tough, huh?
If you have to beg someone to come work for you, they likely won’t stay.
True while paying bills and making a living, is important, I don't care what company you work for or what organization you belong to, every business owner always likes to blame the employees for the companies short comings. Or it's always the employees fault if they aren't perfect at their job, well sorry but for one absolutely no one, is 100 percent perfect at anything, period, end of story. And secondly it is 100 percent the fact that 9-10 times , when an employee just quits, or more or less ,"forces," the employee to be fired or ,"layed off," it's because the employer shows no respect to their employees. Or plays favorites with certain people, and treats others like trash. So due to this unfortunate common trend of blatant disrespect from employers and largely big companies, no big surprise why there's a all record high , for employees quitting, or walking away from their jobs.
In remote working, employers can save in worker’s compensation premiums. This has yet to be addressed.
It's all fun and games until the bills come in. Luxuries are expensive. The people in UK did they same thing it didn't end well for them. Hint hint.
They are completely oblivious as to the reason why...duh! The woke bs, the mandates, the SF filth are part of the reason...NOT the cost of housing, stupid!
You mean mandating the shot and paying everyone to stay home for over a year is finally catching up? I'm shocked -_-
because government give free money.  a neighbor country of mine did the same thing free money for the people who didnt want to job and now is more cheap use money as toilet paper than the actual toilet paper
I own a Detailing shop for 14 years iv had good employees took care of them almost became daddy to them give give give ..I know they work hard .I'll give rise more more to keep the business going ..but now it's different seems the no working generation no more and this is what we are showing that this is ok ..it took me years to get the place running "years"..I took sacrifice from my family to keep things moving forward..I'm glad I did cause it pays off .it's hard not easy LIFE..now it seems everyone wants it overnight or he's using me or  I'm making my employer" rich" .no your doing what your suppose to do your doing what your getting paid to do if u have better opportunity then do it ..if not then work "be a man" .or woman ..alot people don't know what it takes but American has problems I'm nervous for future ..let's go Brandon!!!!
When the pandemic started, my company went all-remote and then realized they didn't need an office building anymore.  My co-worker sold his house and bought 30 acres in Gillette, Wyoming and my new co-worker lives in Chicago.  They hire nationally now, not just locally.  It's very expensive in the area in which I live, people can spread-out now.
Probably because you communists showed all of us what you're doing and spelled it out for us. We're not stupid,, we don't want help you.
Corporate America has profit BILLIONS Off of poor, middle class citizens!!! One or two weeks off every year out of 365 days of the year. Working till your death while the owners enjoy a life with their families!!!l God is just showing corporate America to STOP BEING THIEVES!!!! Stop stealing money and corporate don’t have the right to steal the life of ANYONE!!!! I pray that it’s a reckoning to corporate America!!!!!
… Men tell your wife that you just “feel like quitting”…  Good luck.
United States is a slavery system.... the more money you make the more you will pay in taxes.. it takes a whole lifetime, by the time you finished paying a house your life its almost over. Which is pretty much you were just renting it.
I will choose dead by starvation than being abused and exploited by a corporation. What is the point of being alive if that life is mostly wasted being a prisoner inside the four walls of a workplace?
The problem is "free" money from the government to not work.
Robots incoming 🤖🤖🤖!!!
.. so they CAN HOMESCHOOL THEIR CHILDREN ❗️ Govt indoctrination camps, ooops!  ... ... High School ..😏  will rid our precious young ones of their: • Curiosity  • belief in personal freedom  • individuality  • critical thought processes  .. we don’t need to send our little children off to be numbed & turned into ‘adolescents’ for life!... dependant upon govt. This is what’s really meant when talking of the ‘American Dream’; ... it’s forging a life path DOING it our way‼️ Govt will go to extraordinary lengths to make you believe >>they<< can do a better job of raising our young.. NO, THEY CANT & NEVER HAVE.
What people don't understand is if we all quit what will yall be doing in your spare time. Every thing will close but I guess that will give us all time to grow our own food since the grocery stores are closed
Cause they gave had enough of being used and abused by employers?
moving away from the demarcates
To those of you who are choosing not to work at this time, thank you! Because the labor pool is so shallow I have more Security in my full-time and part-time jobs. Thinking about rejoining the workforce take a step back and think about it for a while. Give it a few years... 😏
Ask commies at WH that make people quit over "THE THING". Also CommieTube - FY
they are quitting because of the shot mandate this is a cover up
My boss worked 25 years but the owner did not pay loyalty-
Because they know God plays with our genitals and gets angry when we stop him and then God makes the Fake News say its Covid hurting the world
A lot of employees  are lazy they think they deserve more than the owner
American people are under paid the past 30 years while billionaires made more Billions ! The American people don't want to be paid slaves anymore! FJB
There are no places to get a job our economy is dying
There are no retail stores anymore big Corporation has shut them all down
The laziest people on earth....
People are dying people only think they want to be depending on our government socialism is not the way
Retail and hospitality jobs are not sought after cause most people can find mental and verbal abuse at home. why go to work and endure it day to day? Humans in general have become rude, impatient and immature. Who would want to deal with that on a day to day bases..
This video feels like it’s from 1998
My work place does not want to pay healthcare at all even work over 40 hours a week , so it is hard to depend on 15 dollars!  Apartment is keeping going up - 600 sqfts for 1700 and cut tax from your salaries on the top
Why would you need to work for someone else when you can work for your self making youtube videos
Income tax and rent a apartment are a lot cheaper in Texas
Because the government is pushing them out..
Well I learned my lesson. Never drive a nicer car than your manager into work bc they will keep passing you up for promotions to help their friends instead. Despite knowing the systems, procedures, and establishing new workflows to clear department bottlenecks I was always snubbed. You won’t believe how bitter someone in a Chevrolet Trax could be. After I quit I found out my manager of 3 years wasn’t even willing to spot me as a reference to find work somewhere else. A similar situation came up with a co-worker that always asked to meet up for lunch too. I worked hard until I clocked out for the last time. Anyways, glad I made it out of there!
I have a job that’s calling me weekly since December about coming in and to interview 😂😂😂😂 they offer zero benefits and no overtime pay. I keep telling her to please stop calling. It’s pointless
Who wants to work in today’s world where you gotta wear a uncomfortable mask all day barely able to breathe. Please!
Not only about job. Only 15 dollars each hours can not pay health care and gas and vehicle insurance and electronic and water and apartment rent over 1700 dollars for 600 sqfts in Los Angeles
Shity pay
Or they don’t want to pay these workers
Oh no, who will management manage?  It's almost like they'll be useless...helpless.   Quit LinkedIn, it's just another FB.
They never covered how many people quit their jobs because they don't want the vax
Explain huh.... its really just part of the mandating, economy, wages, bullying... so much b.s that its excellent people are quitting in mass. Its to prove the economy isn't just broken... but they are not allowing the ridiculous wealthy abusing the system.
I remember 2 years ago working just before covid for 2500 a week. Lol after all this inflation companies think i will work for under 2 a week its literally a slap in the face for what? The exact same production... i will work 4 days a week for 2k there i fixed it for yas
Quite interesting
pay a living wage and people will work, no one wants surviving wage.
Dear boomers; you need at least $35 an hour to rent a one bedroom. The end.
Because the government is giving them money
My employer today informed us we would have to go and get weekly covid testing. But they aren't paying for it. Rapid tests aren't cheap. That adds up. The lack of respect in the work force is extremely real
I just quit my job. I was pushed to far. We where forced to work 10 to 11 hours a day 6 days a week. Between the low pay and massive overtime I had enough. So I can relate to having had enough
Choosing to quit jobs in the second half of 2021? Interesting that nobody mentioned that they had to quit because they were not willing to get jabbed!
Yall not gone mention why everyone quitting to choose to be sovereign than comply and be Guinea pigs with that jab?
It’s 2022 and people in Texas are tired of working for $7.25 an hour
Modern day slavery, whoever said slavery was Done with Come up with the Biggest False Advertisement, The Land Of the Free and the Home of the Brave think about it that's a big False Advertisement.
Over 2 million people have died in the past 2 years  And millions of people have retired  Millions of people have moved in with families  And working under the table And doing YouTube videos and blogging Hundreds of millions of people can not afford childcare  And are staying home Millions of people are staying home to try their best to stay safe from the virus 🦠
Work hard pay little the gas is up , grocery , rent so high
And y’all not hiring in record numbers make it make sense💀
They are moving to go to free states who aren’t locking down or forcing mask and vaccine mandates. These same people are sick of the way Democrat Governors are running their states. They are sick those states are allowing criminals to run amok without proper punishment. People don’t want to live where high crime lives. That’s the reason they are moving to Texas and Florida…..not because of cheaper houses….cheaper houses are just the bonus.
Okay. But what happens if this surge of vacant jobs attract Asians and south American? Will the govt be forced to formulate more hospitable and easy entry policies for work forces from other nations? And if that happens will that threaten the Americans who choose to quit?   Interesting times.
The vaccine mandate had ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH IT I’m sure.
You sure it’s not this trash vax mandate 🤔
Even if you quit and find yourself trying to get back in, godspeed. I've been through several job interviews.. each lasting 3 rounds.. only to be ghosted every time. I followed up once a week, and after 3 weeks I stopped chasing them. The only offer I got was with a professional sports team (my education and experience are in the business side of the entertainment field) but they stood firm at $14 per hour ---- a job in the administrative offices of a PRO SPORTS TEAM. But the entertainment industry is so extremely unstable anyway. Luckily I've been freelancing in a different industry for 4 years, so at least I've had that income, and I'll just keep doing that until it leads to something full time. I actually began to sign up for that Worxbee and the first page took me over an hour, then the process went to a whole other set of long questions that will take just as long, but I'm tapping out. It's ridiculous waste of time.
its a lack of pay.
Better pay 🤔that’s a lie
Maybe because they aren't willing to take the mandatory shot?
This should trouble tax collectors greatly. ;) We don't need your material bs.
Like me I'm a truck driver I'm tired of the hours  I'm tired of working 14 hour days I just want to work 8 hours 40 hours a week
No it’s a COVID employers can’t keep employees safe no one wants to go to work in contract it and bring it to there families. It’s a government issue
They all quit and started doing whatever that dumb ad before this video  "How I make 10k a week" 😆
No body wants to play covid games,I want to quit 2 dam I missed that bus but I'm catching the next 1 4 sho
All the snowflakes who now dont want to work making it easier for Musk to unleash his  AI and robotd to take your jobs.  So where ar e you going to get money to feed your children.
This should be an example of what people (black,white,native,Chinese) united can do, we can change the US too be an AWSOME place but historically it will never happen, when people start deciding major things like the payroll etc… expect something drastic too happen too make us worry about or change the dynamic too something else!!
Companies are lying. They just aren’t hiring people. It’s a planned labor shortage…
The reason “nobody wants to work“ is because this isn’t the 1960s. Inflation is on the rise and nobody can afford to live on minimum wage let alone $14 an hour. It’s not a livable wage.
ANSWER: jobs don’t respect employees! There are so many fake people in the workplace. People quit from depression. It’s all a big lie. It’s not worth it.
been at the same job for 20 years. my 26 an hour is worth less every year that the minimum wage gets raised by a dollar. no raise in 6 years. why not quit go bankrupt and use the system to my advantage. squat in my apartment for a year for free? Cause i just cant do it. its beneath me. dammit.
Because American employers (America in general) is built off narcissistic white men trying to be #1. 🖕
People are so tired of working their life away & not being able to afford basic needs. Why work your life away to make someone else rich while your getting all the table scraps? I think most people are deciding to take charge of their own life and starting their own business. You can choose what you want to do in life, when you want to do it, & you can ENJOY life. A lot of people were forced to stay home during the pandemic, & their hobbies turned into their full time job.
very happy to see this trend and the comments here. it's about time the workforce takes back their lives and their dignity
I love it!!! We’ve been slaves to this system for long enough ✌🏼🥳💯
Bs!! Can’t even count how many jobs I’ve applied for, even fast food, and nope!
The government is paying people to stay home. Small businesses have had to close down since Covid …. Only big box stores were allowed to stay open. So many reasons!
Do you think it also has something to do with vaccine mandates?
People stopped trading time for money and built their own legacies
my guess is that a line has been drawn:                                                                        essential job                                                                         non-essential job
Because they have sat down in the pandemic and tapped into their creativity and dreams again. Starting their own business.
What the problem is is that you know intuitively when you're getting paid minimum wage and the company is making billions that you're supposed to be making like $30 an hour or $100 an hour you're the one doing all the work that's what it really is that's creeped from the back of the brain closer to the front
I quit my job to buy a somewhere else. Makes sense to me
Once again all these lazy worthless people dumping all the work on the millennials that's all it is  In all honesty a few people were smarter you would have never got these jobs let alone have to quit them now I've been saying for well over 20 years you all need to strike
Employees looks at a job that treats them as replaceable and they pay that way people can leave ton of openings after all for bad jobs.
Because we're tired of working to make everyone but us wealthy
It’s dangerous, how stupid can u be when u ask? Why , when the government first addressed the pandemic, they addressed the pandemic now they have huge number off illnesses and government doesn’t care , people r struggling , thinking illness/the government is wrapped up in a big knot , not helping anyone , and more sick than ever, r they crazy, there r no checks ( is it rich people - out in society is also illness, people r choosing not too notice because of the pandemic and illness
After being so loyal to a company and never getting a raise but have have to work more hours just to make living for their family and force to work a 2nd jobs of course people gonna look for other opportunities. Politics are adding more taxes and cause the American people to suffer basic on their stupidity and greed!    This is consequences of greed! Now it time for politicians to pay the price.
This piece is off the mark. Complete miss of crowd-in psychology. People have braced for an extended period of chaos.
Don’t forget this beautiful thing called the stock market or you can make money with money beats having a boss any day…. Stock market is life 🇺🇸 #1 Merica 🇺🇸
I've worked in the food industry since I was 16, I am 30 now. I've never been offered a management position or any other kind of supervisory role so I opened my own restaurant in 2020. I got tired of being overlooked so I took my fellow co-workers and gave them a job at my restaurant with great pay, great benefits and I really did for them what my former jobs refused to do which is giving them "respect". So far I've had not one employee leave my business.
Glad I work for small town construction company. Good family values and caring bosses!
Many more would quit or retire if their health insurance was not tied to their job.  Having your health insurance tied to your job is like  being a political prisoner.
I've been applying for medical Billing Positions. I am Certified. Currently enrolled in a CPC Program and I keep getting the run around and I dont understand it. 🤷🏾‍♀️
No more rich CEO’s and struggling employees!!! Pay people a fair wage!!! WE ARE IN CHARGE!!!! … also making a living on social media is very possible so a lot of us don’t need no BOSS!
Trading, retail arbitrage, gig jobs, etc...  are all better than having an dousche boss!
Get rid of the welfare state and then they will have to work.
Outside of corporations and business' treating employees like absolute trash,  I really think a lot of people just don't want to participate in this workforce/economy because of Joe Biden. Everyone knows the election was rigged and he didn't win. I've heard Democrats laugh and joke about it. We've reached a crossroads. The old ways are dead. The corruption has been exposed and now it's on full display. This isn't going to end well. Especially with the usurper calling over half the country domestic terrorists.
I feel like this show portrays a small portion of the work force in that these folks all have careers. The lesser paying jobs have been hit hardest or lower income families. My questions surrounding this, how are bills being paid? How are people living? Of course your participants have money to make those decisions. How about the 15-25 dollar an hour workers? Employees can not find them. I would like to hear your thoughts on these people as they make up a much larger portion of the work force.
Lack of employee problem??? 😂 😂 😂 No No No don’t try to flip it , it’s an employer and pay problem. Period!!! 👊🏽
Friends and relatives are dying because of COVID. It makes people realize to pursue their dream and live the life.
Has anyone compared the job loss - to - new hires - and rehired. How many left industry they worked in - vs - new people in other industry? How many relocated? I think america is unhappy, and is trying to find a better life.
Why quit , Are they all millionaires now ?
Lets bring back the immigrants
may be we need to try on the job training some people wants to work but do not have the training especially young people the qualifications are to much for someone they need to train someone who wants to learn the job at 18 on up to 25 or 26 dont have the experience. i think also its about having to wear the mask especially if you have breathing issues. But i believe they will come back when those bills start comming  in
Too many independent job openings now where workers can work their own hours
What did you get from this. I saw a lot of smiling people. Not reality. They turned the scare volume too high and people are afraid. Reality.
They lied 🔌📡😵😒
Better start calling it the great negotiation.
Pandemic gave time to think what people want and find out the pay is not enough
Money isn't everything! Time with family and friends is priceless. Companies and corporations treat their employees like a heard of kettle.
I have had six interviews since November. My crime....being over 50. The employers are mostly to blame. They have worked us litteraly to death.my poor health is from striving, working 60 he weeks. Impossable education requirements. Living on nothing and ruiningy health for employers and a worthless education.
I have had so many jobs all because employer's are looking todo is fill a position and when new hires come in the season con employees are making us quit employer's need to make sure the lazy people in the company get fired I quit many jobs as my work ethic is golden but some  people put a price on your labor at 12 or 15 an hour when you just know your work ethic is worth more in other companies
Same reason many are single and don't want or can't have kids BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT BEING PAID ENOUGH MEANWHILE EVERYTHING IS SKYROCKETING HOW ABOUT THAT?!
Definitely not worth dealing with Karens all day
My Mexican people will take those jobs lol .. but now they want a higher pay and benefits
do you think 60min knows that they are corp propaganda, or do you think it comes natural?
🤣🤣🤣 it's simple. This generation is lazy. They'd rather live at home with mom and dad.  Lazy, lazy, lazy. They want a govt check instead of working. It's that simple.
I have the same question too , too bad i can't quit i have to pay my bills and need to keep the roof over my head .
Never be loyal to your employer.
Stupid communism took over the world, what they don’t know is that if employers go broke, there won’t be a job to return to!
Less hours more pay
I thought corporations were people a few years ago... People are the ones whom are needed for those corporations to thrive (especially the big corps). People are fed up in so many aspects in their current situation that they are now in control of their own lives and their families. It's not for everyone, but you have to do what's best for you. Good story...
You know it's amazing, I've been working in retail since I was 17 and I am now 58 I still have a long time  to ago, I have a lot of experience, and the funny thing is I've applied to every store including a Dollar Tree, who I've been Chasin to hire me, unbelievable! Employers, are also being very choosy! I applied at a Costco's across the street from me I have 42 years experience, and they told me they would call me if they need me but yet they still have their signs up that they're hiring, are you kidding me, I have no restrictions for hours or days, and I am not disabled. Discrimination against older adults does happen but like I saw on here retail is really horrible they do abused you, people need good pay a flexible schedule and need to be appreciated and treated with respect and dignity.
It’s obvious is your elected president’s fault, pay them to stay home creating a bad permanent communism habit and then no one would be able to hold a job anymore plus your president is firing the remaining valuable hard workers! SERIOUSLY?!
In my experience everyone is hiring but at the same time not hiring if that makes sense? Tired of hearing nobody wants to work when they turn you down, don’t have the curtesy to respond to applications or follow up emails, are extremely picky despite claiming to be desperate for workers, hire someone internally instead, and tell you to pass the job along to those who may be interested instead of offering for you to apply to it I’m not a recruiter.
Good luck living on welfare. Give the jobs to those that will be happy to have them.
There are plenty of jobs. They are just lazy, and want the government to support them. Get off your a$$ and go to work.
Emotional intelligence is something that an employer should improve on in order to understand their employees better.
This entire bit just misses the point. I usually Love 60 minutes but this one is shabby. Talk to the ones on the front lines. Not employers.
People are investing in themselves instead of being undervalued and low balled by an employer.
there was 1 white guy in this interview, the rest black, racist much.
I left my job and my new apartment..this pandemic has caused so much damaged to my life I'm currently living with my daughter I was a city worker I honestly loved my job but I felt betrayed I felt scared I needed to be with my family, I live in Greenville SC I'm hoping I can get a job working in housing...I'm never going back to NYC i just walked away I been here for 2 years now if I could work from home that would be a blessing.
I am fixing to tell you what is going to happen. Since nobody want the small time jobs anymore the South of the border will have to open way more. Immigrants will work the jobs we don’t want ! Watch abs s see
My big question is how are all these people surviving financially
Greed
This lady is an idiot.  Mandatory vaccine is the main reason
When all the mandate madness and medical submission requirements end people will look for work again.
Keep mothers home , pay men to hold the house together like the old days . Only if they want to
Workers are tired in lack of respect from their employers,  managerial skills and poor quality coworkers. People want to work but there is limited amount of  proper functioning companies.
TIP O’ the DAY:  When viewed OBJECTIVELY,  this rampant inflation, disruption of the U.S. supply chain,  and the shuttering of literally hundreds of thousands of businesses under the guise of a relatively innocuous virus that rides the coattails of the cyclical cold/flu seasons,  is a calculated, intentional attempt to bring this country to it’s knees
Maybe they don't want to be masked for hours on end.   I won't go to restaurant until server can smile at me.
I manage a large retail building . I can absolutely tell you corporation’s have opened the flood gate of demand and catering to the customer to the point of almost walking them all home . Yet , expect all that new output without sustainment ( pay , benefits , loyalty )
People aren't quitting their jobs you liberal troglodytes! People are being forced out of their jobs for not taking the jab! F your propaganda BS!
Right now where I work, I do not get breaks at all. But my smoker coworker does. Yeah yeah it’s illegal. I know that and they know that. But the consequences would be on ME if I tried to sue. It would take years to prosecute, and there’s the lawyers fees. And no one would want to hire someone who sues their own company so it’s better just to quit. The only reason I’m working there is because my boss is a really good person outside of work. He called the fire department when our house was on fire. We were asleep when it happened. Him and my other managers HATE working there because corporate doesn’t give him many hours to use per week for his employees. And he only gets a yearly bonus if he uses LESS than the allotted hours. He has to work 70 hours a week. Why would I want to be in that situation?
I would be willing to work for minimum wage if I got any benefits out of it. Like pay for my health insurance please, there are no other financial burdens that I worry about and can come so unexpectedly. I can't live worrying about my life like that.
The pandemic has changed everything
Because the night clubs shut down so we saving a lot more money😭
Why does the graphic of 60 minutes always manage to look like an upgrade version of the year 1980😂
Do what you love or someone will utilize you & your time so they can.
I'll work any job as long as i don't deal directly with customers. People are great but customers suck.
When will remote robot operator become a thing?
Not the lack of employment no one wants to vax!!!😳
They realized the can not work and live off the goverment. Ala California
It's so sad how many people feel good listening this... what they don't realize is yes, they can be an "executive" but it's getting a point where when you go out, you won't have a good service in a restaurant, supermarket or even worse, you won't have much people who is willing to build or renew houses. Making this a huge problem in a long term because that will increase the cost of everything to be able to pay to those who decide to take those jobs, all the shipments are getting delay and tons of containers are stuck in California just because they have a personnel shortage. So yeah, yo gonna be an executive with nothing else and higher bills to pay. Congratulations!
The government gave us weeks to do nothing, we created businesses that are making us more money then we can ever make at these BS low paying jobs.
Love how the husband supported his wife's decision to leave her job.. && asked her did she want to take a walk.
Because they refuse to poison themselves and are standing up for their rights
Could it be most of the population wants to live instead of die from the jab ? No jab is worth the death penalty
How about get rid of the stupid mandate crap and people can get back to normal
No one is gonna mention the RIDICULOUS “vaccine” mandates? Is everyone really that blind ? OF COURSE PPL ARE QUITTING
Years ago many jobs went overseas where manufactured goods could be done at cheaper wages, no benefits. The next decade millions of jobs will be sent overseas where working out of a home, for example China where wages are much less, and no benefits are provided. Think I'm wrong? I lost a good career working in a steel mill to foreign workers, so you think your reports, creative designs, accounting ledgers, and such can't also be performed away from the U.S.A. Before long even jobs here that requires someone to say" would you like fries with that order" will be performed by a robot.        Wise up people, the real reason big business is being so flexible with home work options....... they need to see what will, and will not work off property site.
Hit piece
It's ok, THE FELONS WILL SURVIVE!
Get rid of unemployment and government spending and people will go back to work
Maybe  the y realized  dont need two jobs anymore
I worked retail (Kroger) I quit. The pay sucks and employees were slim.People were leaving because of pay #1 people would go to other companies paying more. Others were sick because they caught Covid and was scared to return.  But Kroger can pay millions to CEO's. Now they are cutting health insurance if ur not vaccinated or they are going to take 100.00 out your check. Its a mess..
❤️
Simple reason: Workers have been incredibly abused for the past 50 or more years.
Amazing, what people believe.
Great restaurant owner hope he finds good staff
It would be interesting to know,  did workers quit for another job? Did they quit and are living off unemployment ? Was it pay ?  Was it the company or a boss ? Did they change careers ?  Was it political ?  Did they go back to school ?  What ages are most impacted ? Was it child care ? There are hundreds of reasons why people quit, change jobs.  Has there been an actual study done for 2021, 2020 ?
they lost me once jobs started requiring jabs and firing if you chose to not take it.
Yes everyone is hiring but I can’t get an interview….. I am well qualified for the jobs I apply for too. I don’t think it’s real. They don’t want to hire people.
(Brandon) that’s why. Here’s free money here’s free money here’s free money.. vote for me I’ll make sure college is free-for-all yah ok
Not buying this spin. People know that they can collect unemployment compensation instead of work, so they quit. Collecting a government entitlement is easier.
None of this is true for my employer.  Corporate greed is driving us to leave.  I'm currently looking for different employment after 13 years.
These sections mentioned EMPLOYERS REQUIRED EMPLOYEES TO BE VAXXED.  #FJB
This lady is putting me to sleep lmao get a better speaker.
I quit my job and started my own business. I’m making double to quadruple my old salary at a research and development lab. I’m so glad I quit.
Maybe interview someone who actually belongs to the working class
As this is my opinion,  I would say their statistics are way off, people are tired of being strapped by the status quo,  as inflation is at it's highest level since 1982, people are opening their eyes to the systemic slavery that keeps them at a impoverished level. There is no shortage of employees, just a over abundance of employees tired of being exploited with higher inflation higher interest rates and being played by their government.
I agree completely with this documentary, they went dip and found the real reason, better pay, benefits and definitely flexibility, I don’t want to live to work I want to work so I can enjoy life too, and I am not saying they have to share their wealth but cómo on!. If you take care of your employees they will take care of your business sometimes even better than the owners.  That’s translated to peace of mind, less headaches and loyalty stop that old mentality that I just get rid of them and hire new people, well! today is the perfect time to change and they can start with the ones are already there, remember in order to receive you have to give first, yes they pay us to do a job but they don’t own us. Yet!, some day it will be different.
Employee's want a place to work that is fulfilling, gives purpose, treated with respect, are not feeling taken advantage of, and are wanting to wake up in the morning wanting to go to join the workforce. Not having to deal with conflict or dreading going to work due employer shortfalls. When i'm being hired for a employer i tell them that this is a 2 way contract. If they dont fulfill their side of the contract as they are "expecting" me as the employee to do then I am 100% able to quit on the spot. They expect 110% from the employee, but give you luckily 75% support for employee's. Its all about profit margins and squeezing as much resources as they can without compensation. Wages are better but cost of living is going up. Might as well be 1994 making min. wage at 4.25/hr same result. definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result. I am apart of the workforce never quit working but i chose who i work for and will not let anyone take advantage of my labor.
#1 refusing the 💉 #2 lots of free money
They aren't choosing, it's the mandates and low pay...and more.
60 mins got picked up by BET now?
How do they pay their bills after they quit?
What about paying their mortgage, rent and bills???
Cause of customers acting like entitled Karen's, and doing three jobs in one for a one employee pay only.
It's simple. Employers have forgotten the wisdom of employee satisfaction and wages are not keeping up with basic the necessities Housing, Healthcare, Education.
NO JAB NO JOB .    COMPLY or no job.     REMEMBER  THAT DOCUMENT THAT STARTED AMERICA........THE CONSTUTION ? OUR RIGHTS . You dumb sheep......    Gov't has lied and killed thru out history.     Basaaaaaah.
Nobody wants to work for the Rich 🤑 anymore especially during this pandemic 😷 anything under 20$ hr  isn’t worth putting your health & life at risk from catching Covid-19
I never quit my job. I never missed a day. Never took any “free” Covid money. Shame on you that took advantage of this!
Several friends of mine quit when the companies they worked for all went woke. Nobody likes working with the Myopic
It's your business right? Work yourself.
Make people choose between unnecessary experimental medical procedures and their job, and then wonder why workers walk away. Classic corporate media turning a blind eye to the real situation, because they're a mouthpiece for central banks, not Americans or liberty.
thanks for ruining Greenville
Can't blame unemployment and stimulus checks now huh?
This is beautiful , more opportunities to get a new start .  Now , how do we all keep ourselves from getting the virus.  Mom's are staying home and taking care of their kids , hopefully starting home asked businesses.  There are so many great things happening right now , but the virus seems to be the star .  Fortunately and hopefully this will make us stronger and help us make our future better. I know there are many suffering right now , so as the human race we have the responsibility to make sure we're sharing our money and time with people . Uplifting each other with words and actions .
VACCINE MANDATES!  THATS WHY!
People don't want to get a COD shot to get a job or keep their job.
I RETIRED FROM PHILADELPHIA SCHOOL DISTRICT JUNE 7TH 2020 BECAUSE I WAS SICK OF THE KIDS COMMING IN WITH COVID AND WE WERE TOLD SEPT 2020 THE SCHOOL WOULD BE AT MAXIMUM CAPACITY  🫖
People are afraid to die! World is fearing the unknown! Virus is making people fear! These are all lies of the devil, Jesus is the answer! Believe in goodness not evil !
then what is everyone doing for money..? how are  they surviving
how do they survive without money
Use my comment as a dislike button
My question is what are people doing for money to pay BILLS and live day to day??????
I walked away from my business too.
No jab no job
If it weren’t for the majority of Mexicans, construction jobs would get hit the hardest.
lol @ Austin being a smaller city with affordable housing. These people are out of touch.
This video is targeted towards black educated professionals who quit it seems from the interviews..
Please keep in mind this is a first world problem for sure...Not saying the people  quitting dead end jobs are wrong but it's just that not every country is able to do something like that
Looks like employers should learn their lessons the hard way.
This pandemic gave people time to sit at home and reflect on Life. People don’t wanna wake up everyday for the rest of their lives and work a BS Job, making BS money.
Oh no this can't be according to the commander and chief Joe the economy is boosting everybody is back to work the shelves are all stocked according to Joe so what are these people talking about according to Joe everybody's working
Soon as my wife makes enough money, I will also walk away lol.
The question that this report doesn't address is if these people leaves their employment then what are they doing?
People are tired of dealing with a hole people
Many of you may not agree with Biden but his comment on “pay them more” isn’t wrong.
Free market economics y’all. Other companies are offering more respect, pay, and balance than some others. Business owners need to be better not bitter.
Because these jobs are killing people
Oh and the lady that had four jobs while working at home, how is that possible? Are they part time jobs or is she pulling four full time salaries? I would really like to hear more about how she is handling multiple income streams
It's THE GREAT RECKONING...take care of your employees. The chickens are coming home to ROOST!
It's not covid.  It's inflation being masked by an economic slowdown, combined with huge increases in costs of operating.  Then there are those expecting bailouts and handouts.  Why work if you can catch a free ride that pays more?
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< What are all these people doing for money? Is there a subculture of independently wealthy people no one knew about?
It is a worker problem? Leadership in corporate America continues to be clueless.  Also, it is THE GREAT RESIGNATION. People realize during quarantine realize how awful work places are. The isn’t informative. This is propaganda. Interviewing only 1 worker (whose boss was most certainly watching) is misguided and very misleading.   First time I’ve watched your program in a very long time, and this is the last. This is so out of touch with reality.   The real response to this corporate propaganda piece should be “okay boomer” while handing in your resignation.
Why did this story focus mainly on POC? The unemployment and stimulus wasn't that good that anyone could afford to stay home. Inflation ate all of that extra money up. I wish I wasn't sick, so I could take advantage of this market.
Because employers don't treat you right they give ppl promotions that are their friends it's unfair labor. Plus you work and can't pay your bills useless.
Nobody quiting...mandates
I believe a big impact also has to do with all the app companies delivery driving handyman  they're taking all the semi-skilled and labor jobs and turning them into apps so the people who work these jobs like myself no longer have to stick it in day and day out on a job don't want to do that day you can choose to work when you want
They're not quitting. They're being forced to resign, thus forgoing unemployment benefits. If they cared about people, they'd treat them as much. I don't feel sorry for their desperation.
"Choosing"?? Yeah I had to leave my job in a medical centre pharmacy or be forced to get a medical procedure against my will. Now you gas light people like me saying we had a choice. Another gaslighting is the payrise strawman. Payrises don't matter since more than 40% of money created, was created since the pandemic. Inflation dictates a coming payrise, yet it won't be anything that can keep up with the mess they made
everyone is choosing to quit because of the unlawful vaccine mandates, good on them
60 minutes if you want the answers to the story you need to read all of these comments.... I just quit a job today because there's "abuse in the workplace" so what I find is when I go out and I get a job a lot of employers think oh aren't we so great we hired you but the thing is what employee is going to want to stay in a workplace when there's abuse or they don't pay correctly or they don't pay on time, the reason I left my job today is there was intense abuse belittling, berating, screaming at the workplace by the manager.... I had told him 11 days ago when he hired me that I will not stay in a workplace that has any of that and then he today berated me ect... when I have more experience than any of the employees that work there, including the owners, I am superb at what I do but I had to quit it was the right thing to do.
Do we really need the dinosaurs at sixty minutes to figure that out?  The government is ignoring the average worker during a pandemic and people are sick of getting treated like dirt for no insurance and low pay while these companies show record profits.  Couldn't possibly be that.  Nah.  People just don't want to work.😐
Utter nonsense.  Government's discouraged work with every woke policy it advances.  Government hates workers and punishes them relentlessly.  That's why people are quitting, because they aren't wanted anymore.  Being wanted isn't just about a paycheck Leftist snowflakes, it's about respect and appreciation.  You stole the election, fired energy workers and ran around jabbing everyone?  What did you think would happen?
My wife has turn the house into a office the that's the difference 🤬 oh yeah she now makes more than me too 😬
When corporations only focus is on margins and profits for their shareholders, they tend to forget it's the front line workers, doing all the work, that keeps their shareholders happy
The big quit lol
“Revenue has doubled…” Has pay doubled? Has it gone up 40%? Groceries have gone up 30-40%. And about that corporate-forced poke??
Heres an answer , pay more , more work life balance and health benefits
Not a single comment about the draconian Covid restrictions in large (Democratic) cities fueling the migration to places that value civil liberties. And of course no mention at all of the thousands of people forced to quit because they value the right to decide what gets injected into their own bodies. It is no secret why the medical professions especially are so short of qualified workers. What puff, propaganda pieces 60 Minutes puts out now. It certainly is a sad shadow of the investigative journalism that they used to do.
Gosh, tell us how all the employers feel but skip talking to any employees.  It's almost like this is a gaslighting venture on 60 Minutes' part.  Who are you trying to kid?
Employers double their profits but don’t want to double employees pay !!!
Wages is the biggest expense for a business entity. The rising cost of goods and services will reflect the rising wages. Realistically, everyone is already paying more  for worse product and services. Moreover, the wage growth will not outpace the highest inflation since the early eighties. This situation will leave the society as a whole in a bad place. The video above is to keep a false sense of security, if you will - you might be thinking otherwise, but then you are surely kidding your own self.
No.The company I work for don’t hire people and when they get motivated to hire a few people those people quit because the managers don’t care about them.The bosses love the chaos because they then have an excuse to not get their work done because the lack of workers.People also quit because the bosses give the shity hours or no hours at all.Managers suck and they get away with it.People would always call and ask why they didn’t get called back after an interview or can I leave my name I really want the job but the management never wanted to hire.so we were always stuck with long lines and only two people working no breaks.It’s bad out there in retail.We have hire signs everywhere but no one is really hiring 🤷🏻‍♀️
Just a wild guess here...probably because our country and the rest of the world is being taken over by oppressive lying demonic forces??? Just maybe??? This is the agenda of satan himself. Taking over, by means of oppression, disguised as "safety and security." Armor up in the SPIRIT. The war is on, *NOW.* 🛡📖💒🔜👑
The single house hold is struggling to get to the temp jobs that pay daily or its slow paying for bus fare to just sit. Can't afford to work an week in hole too get on your feet ....lord I'm willing to work I just don't have help to get me to the job ....no help mothers get help be single home struggling...alot of the poor..I get sick working at minute man that new covid and them 14 days hurt me, broke and broken to go back now work slow this time of  year. Being single as a one is stressful no help and down and out...My bills high I don't won't the government help but to do better working
These ppl quitting means everyone working will have to work harder to pay down these RIDICULOUS government spending packages and keep up with inflating living expenses! I hope they enjoy their time off! It's only going to get harder to live on one income as things get tighter and tighter with money and resources. Nothing wrong with exploring options, but look at the bigger picture: This isn't helping our country!
Biases play a huge factor as well.
Quit giving free money. That will put a stop to this stupidity.
Please the only ones that have gotten regular stimulus help is people with kids...single people without kids and senior citizens have been pretty much told to go F yourself so how you figure their relying on government money?
It's crypto
I think people really did a lot of thinking during the lockdown and realized that life is too short and too precious to be breaking your backs to be living and keeping up to certain standards. They turned around and decided to become minimalists by getting a smaller house and a more affordable car. They went from eating out too much to eating rice and beans and being happy. They chose happiness! Not to mention, lots of baby boomers retiring.
6:04 yes it's a work and life balanced.
Ease up on the marijuana found in drug tests and focus on the meth, heroin and heavy drugs. As long as they do not smoke on the clock. (I dont). Because I see Now Hiring signs everywhere.
A better question.  How are all of them affording not to work?
This is a contradiction of what Biden is saying.
Don’t pay enough
ALOT OF EMPLOYERS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF EXCELLENT WORKERS, WHEN THEY KNOW THEY CAN RELY ON YOU. I'VE HAD SO MANY EMPLOYERS WHO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF ME BECAUSE THEY SEE THAT I'M CROSS TRAINED AND CAN DO 2 TO 3 JOBS AT ONCE AND DO IT WELL!! THEY JUST KEEP ADDING MORE RESPONSIBILITIES/LABOR WITH NO PAY RAISES OR BENEFITS, ALL I GET IF I'M LUCKY IS "GOOD JOB." LIKE WTF?? MONEY TALKS!!! TELLING ME " GOOD JOB" ISN'T PAYING MY BILLS OR MAKING MY LIFE EASIER..SO I JUST PUMP AND DUMP THEM!! JUST LIKE THEY DO TO EMPLOYEES. I JUST QUIT AND MOVE ON. ✌ STARTING MY OWN BUSINESS
I wonder how much of this information is actually the truth. 60 minutes used to be credible source but they have proved themselves to be liars.
I think a lot of people learned how to trade those stimulus checks during the lockdown. 😄
Wow , way to be completely bias and missing the point of the great resignation. It’s a worker issue?! Have you talked to any serious economist that will point straight to the stagnant wages since the 80’s. The complete disregard of workers wellbeing during a global pandemic. The lack of upwards mobility in most corporations. The blatant greed as employees suffer but post record profits to companies and the top 1%. The middle and lower classes are being squeezed for every cent and are all fed up with the BS companies regurgitate as excuses for lack of fair pay.
5:19 “the generous government stimulus and unemployment is what’s keeping them blah blah blah. No. Americans are sick of being taken advantage of and living to work. Our lives are passing us by while we are scraping the bottom of the barrel trying to survive.
Back in the day -- the CEO of Sears & Roebuck was asked " what do you think of the people who work FOR you? " He replied " these people  DON'T work for me -- they work WITH me"!  Attitude is everything---businesses are learning some much needed lessons.
Hope this catches on and life become alot more livable. Only time will tell.
Take your job and shove it, I ain't working here no more!
It's people of all races, ages, and genders that have left these jobs, although most workers have been unlawfully terminated because they refused to be  violated or bullied into taking that jab they don't want.  Look at the pandemonium and chaos that Biden, Fauci et. al., have caused and it's no excuse to have done this to the world.
The Pandemic has taken a toll with surveys. Showing an increase in feel of bur-out and a deterioration in mental health .
Giving to mant stimulus checks to kid Maybe I will quit and I don’t have to pay their taxes I can sit at home
Well rent and light 💡 bill want pay it self I’m looking for work hire me😊😊😊
They want to work you like a Blackman, and pay you like a Mexican in pesos.
I was fired... SALEs was an added metric post coronavirus pandemic in the CALL Centers
Life is far too short, run away from any BS job!
I do not know what to say...I have a job (if you can call it that way) which is for a big corporation in Las Vegas and it is an extra board position (yeah, I know it sounds weird) and for the past 3 weeks I have been scheduled 0 (zero days.) I applied for many jobs and nobody calls back, and yet, they (employers) are complaining they can not find employees, come on man.
I just hope these people who walk out on jobs do not overrun government assistance.
Where I used to work many have waited for our hotel to open up and finish the renovation  they have asked us to wait for the hotel to open up again just for them to let go so many workers.
“Americans are burnt out” Really? THAT’S your analysis as Harvard graduate ‘economist’?  🙄🤦‍♂️Good lord. . .
Said it once….I’ll say it again. People are tired or getting paid Pennie’s while the uppers continue to get wealthy. You can’t expect people to just “take it” anymore.
I don't have any degree but I do have common sense and after listening to not even her full 1st sentence common sense told me the reason no one wants to work is because they're making money off the Internet by posting videos and getting X amount of likes and followers and after a certain amount they get $$$$$$$$.!! So 60 minutes I'll be the 1st one to inform you  That you asked the wrong person you should be asking the public the workers (why)??
I think some good has come from this pandemic in the fact that it has brought families closer. It has also helped people to realize what’s more important in life. Too many people are stuck in toxic work environments and many are just “cogs in the wheel.” There’s no recognition or incentives and the pay is very low compared to some of the responsibilities that employees have on their shoulders. Many people are now cross-trained for positions and not even fully trained or paid for the extra time and added work load. Many are stuck in dead end jobs and are finally doing something about it. More people are even taking early retirement so they can work two jobs  instead of three.
People are lazy because government pays them to stay home
They forget to mention the fact that a lot of employers were forcing vaccinations or you have to quit.
When a 40hr week leaves a worker unable to pay rent food and run a car then of course they won't  do it.
Wow what an amazing mind manipulation. Guys, all the comments below are automated/computer generated to come on top and some completely made up to weave out comments from awake people such as: Oh, this has nothing to do with the shot requirements? Aren’t businesses loosing employees because too many employees are dying from covid? I guess not, businesses are loosing employees because they’d rather leave the job than get the fraudulent covid vaccine.
Oh Leslie Stahl let’s tell the truth! People are quitting because of decisions from President Imbecile! Biden’s policies have made it difficult for businesses and his policies allowed people to stay home and just be lazy and collect from hardworking Americans! President Imbecile policies are all wrong for America!
No i think is the payer problem. Work work work.  But no good pay 💰
Let's see they dont pay a living wage, or haven't gave a real raise in decades. Love when people get so defensive of these businesses when someone talks about raises and increases in pay. You go work 12 hours for 10 a hour and come home you to just barely meeting the bills. No savings or long term investments. Crazy glad people are starting to wake up
We recently quit our jobs. We posted a video on tips that helped us quit that can hopefully help others 🙂
I think with customer service it’s the customers that are the issue. People actually terrible when they know you can’t do anything while working. Also people who work tip based jobs never get paid so why would they stay.
Not “worth it”, they’re “out” .., nice if you can, but where are these people getting money? I couldn’t have just quit because I had to pay bills.
Because the spineless twit and his forever hopefully boss 44/47 told them to.
Crappy employers, low wages, high taxes and rents pushed onto labor and off of corporations, no benefits, crappy hours, no healthcare, only care about stock holders, want us working 3 jobs with no schedule in advance, stupid degree requirements and mandates that are unobtainable, unrealistic expectations and the list goes on. AMERICA SUCKS! DONT COME HERE AND LEAVE AS SOON AS YOU CAN!
Dude my friend got sick at his work place and they didn't even offer no type of compensation, F all these businesses only thinking about themselves
I feel sorry for the southern states  you are having the people from the cities bringing their stupid ideas and mentality. Away with these scalawags and carpetbaggers  Go back and fix your town county state  To all who are moving  Assimilate or leave  The people who have been living there for generations made the area so respect it
l pay close attention  to everything my story.soon
I like how people are saying how employers are simply greedy and don’t want to pay their employees fairly. When you’re selling lotto tickets, cigarettes, and soda pop at a gas station getting paid $18-20 an hour I’d say you’ve got it pretty damn good. I did manual labor for years, mad $7.50 per hour and never complained. Now the government is sending all these stimulus checks (to people who are fully employed) and it just becomes more beneficial for them to collect checks than earn them.
Employers switched from potential workers walking in and applying to --"Go to Our Website mentality." Or apply through a third party company.  This may have worked in 2019, but companies need to switch back to old way of hiring.  The companies also want background checks for jobs like dishwashers or laborers where there is no risk to the companies.  Also, although it is illegal for an employer to ask about age, the background check is a way around this law. I am 60, and have applied to many companies.  The only company that called back was Carl's Jr which still uses paper applications.
Dudes said “construction is having trouble finding workers” 😂 , na bruh it’s  we don’t work for big corporate construction businesses we make our own businesses & work for our selfs. We don’t get finessed by big corporate construction businesses
Cause Americans choose freedom over slavery
The answer is no one is really trying to pay more for the work you do. People are doing the work of two and three employees because everyone is understaffed. Compensate us, I wish I had the lazy bone to just quit and get unemployment since I am making such a shady amount of money for extra work and less time off.
They Never Mention people being Forced Out by vacc & weekly testing demands!
I had a job that was so fantastic. But a new operations manager came in and didn't like the fact that I was a woman, and in his words, I don't take care who you are, I ran tournaments with so much pride and dealt with all walks of life, but he bullied me and made my life so hard, but i still went, He then told me it was hard to prove intimidation and harassment.  So, he made sure to set me up for failure. He then made sure to humiliate me in public.  It was hard. But no one would help me because of place where I worked.  I would love to go after him for wrongful termination, not to get my job back, but to not let him do this to some one else.
Employers are a decade late & 5 dollars an hour short on their offers.
people dident quit beach they wore fired from jobs becouse they dont want tho thake your vaccine
Stimulus checks were the worst thing that happened to the workforce. I say this as someone who had employees leave because their stimulus checks paid more than I could at a start up repair shop
Because most of  know that cyber attacks, lock downs, and war is coming and would rather be at home with their families during this time rather than at a mundane job slaving away just to.maintain a standard living in this slavery system we inhabit
I'd quit if I could find a new one. Only good thing about my job is it's one of the few in my industry that is not mandating the vaccine. If they change that I'm out.
Here in Denver the rent and cost of living has sky rocketed 🚀 now lots of homeless people
I'm retired and now walk with a cane. No one will Jeremy because I walk with a cane. Even part time job will be ok. I even with the Brookshire Brothers as a cashier harmy's cuz I walk with a cane still has a sign on the door wanting cashier. Jackson County Transit they asked me if I could load people I could still. They called me back we're going a different direction now they own the Texas Workforce looking for people part-time. There are some of us that wants to work they don't want to hire us because we are disabled
Most employers ask before hiring can you be flexible? But it's a one way street. Believe me, most are not. They owe you nothing but that paycheck. That's what people are fed up with.
Because they’re trying to become the New Rich.
Linked in is a joke
The Great Resignation as told by corporate America.
I want a job at 60 minutes.
Try 7 cents per hour for raise for a nurse ...I don't know what is more embarrassing ..the nurse getting the raise or person presenting the raise ....this is a trues story ...first hand knowledge...7 cents
People are starting their own businesses. It’s real easy to do right now!
Why work when Biden can pay u to stay home and use Covid as an excuse!
We should just tear down main stream.media, brick by brick instead. Garbage.
I love when the guy said it's a worker problem. Maybe its actually an employer problem. Stop treating your employees like numbers and maybe they will want to work for you.
Better pay? That’s very subjective and shouldn’t have been uttered.
Really!! Don’t work stay home be the governments puppet!! Those of you that don’t work!! Are pathetic!!
in some countries, if you don't work, you die
Maybe focus on the people and workers instead of the companies.
it's almost as if people simply can't make ends meet with the minimum wage 🤔 People are there who are willing to work- but why would they want to work or live somewhere that will force them into debt or homelessness!
Employers no longer can get away with having one person doing a three person job like they been doing for the past eight to ten years. Stressing people out into seeing their doctors that they can't afford to pay for. I left the workforce after being laid off several times for no reason and I'm glad I did.
STRESS! 😩
They don't wanna take the vaccines that's why they don't Return
Tax payers $are paying for lizard on treadmill project/study! Look it up! People are realizing the taxes are profiting all the demonic bots in control for all this bs!
The Great Awakening and tik tok stars lol
Top 10 Techniques used to CONCEAL the system of white supremacy racism:  1. Denying: totally ignoring racism or simply asserting that racism does not exist.  2. Deflecting: insisting that any inequality is based on class, culture, ethnicity, family values… anything, but race. Or using words like “diversity” or “ethnicity” when you’re really talking about race –– because any acknowledgement of race may be an admission that there’s racism.   3. Coding: using certain words, symbols and images to evoke racial fears––but not explicitly mentioning race––so as not to appear racist. (Words such as “gang member,” “illegal alien,” and “welfare queen”––all frequently associated with images of people of color––are routinely and strategically inserted into policy debates. Political ads––such as President Bush Sr.’s use of the Willie Horton ad to conjure up white fears of black men, or former California Governor Pete Wilson’s ads of undocumented immigrants––were racist tools used to win elections.)  4. Confusing: cleverly having people of color act as spokespersons or leaders to promote and justify racist measures or deny that something is racist.   5. Personalizing: blaming individuals, instead of institutions, for anything that may seem unequal or racist.  6. Exceptionalizing: acknowledging that there may be an extremist or “bad apple” responsible for a racist act, but never conceding that there is any institutional accountability or systemic inequality.  7. Scapegoating: holding people who are adversely affected by racism responsible for their own plight, blaming things on their “pathological” value and lifestyles, such as laziness, promiscuity or lack of “personal responsibility.”   8. Mythologizing: appealing to the great American myths: anyone who tries can succeed (myth of meritocracy); everyone/everything is equal (myth of the level playing field), or race is irrelevant (colorblind myth), etc.  9. Decontextualizing: ignoring the context of racism so that things appear to be isolated incidents, rather than part of a pattern or bigger picture. The evening television news is notorious for this, portraying, for example, a violent crime in a black neighborhood without any examination of the causes or.context. Similarly, when white people raise charges of so-called “reverse racism,” it ignores history, white privilege and the ongoing existence of a very uneven playing field.  10. Lying: simply asserting that racism doesn’t exist even when you know it does. It’s easier to lie since telling the truth might mean having to admit responsibility. In fact, sometimes the bigger the lie, the more people believe it.  ***New Hip Hop Music Link*** Prelude to Serenity playlist https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpCFDKDAJtem-6IJBdvTXNo9MCkeZG2Ws
The ones who quit and not returned are unfortunately the vast majority of our youth that has been ruined for years and then given a taste of what it's like to have nothing for very little bit in return and they absolutely loved it. Now they've called the bluff of bluffs and will be the first ones in line tontrade God only knows what for some more "free" money...#akanextstimulus
People want their time back. Even good pay isn't worth 10-12 hour work days.
My question is how are all these "The Big Quit" crowd able to afford food to eat and have shelter?
See I love both of those business owners both black/white because they both said it's for the best you can't treat workers/people like crap you need to show appreciation for them and it's not about Gov't Ast!!
First of all to run a household you have to have two jobs even if it's just one person yourself in the household it was too much travel time in between two jobs we want our benefits we want our American dream and the virus made us see how important even your lowest minimum wage worker who scrubs floors etc how much those people are important now we want our American dream and yes the virus does have a lot to do with some of it but some of us realize
Perhaps they don't want vaccine...Covid-19. Not everyone have brains washed..God bless people whit faith .
Why didn't you interview anyone from the pore class? You know the people you said were quitting.. the retail worker and the fast food workers... This was a propaganda segment. I'll tell you the reason you didn't interview the pore lower working class. Because you don't want to have the truth come  out. And the truth is. People are sick of not getting a living wage. They need more pay! Minimum wage don't cut it anymore.
They become YouTuber or Tik Toker
I thought I was the only one wallowing in self pity because I don’t want to be trapped in a routine. Living check to check.
The democrats have made not working a viable career option.
Their lazy or their not Americans, DEMS have created the great give-away in cash and gifts trying to buy elections in 2022-2024................Real Americans are working over the age of 38, under this age are what we know has the worse generation of workers...takers not workers.
It auto deletes your comment if you say it’s because of the beast of the mark squirt death serum😂😂😂
Liar, liar.....mainstream news sure knows how to spin 'em.
People are leaving blue states
Biden has to be proud with these numbers!! Come on man!!
Big Box, Retail, and Home Improvement stores ALL are developing  NEW "business models", so they can learn to "operate" with far less employees, SAVING the corporations MILLIONS in payroll, and paid benefits, but putting FAR MORE STRESS on those remaining workers to "perform" BETTER ... with less support !!!!   NOT good for those employees though ........
They leave the cities because they don't want to be forced to take a vaccine, they want to go to a state that isn't mandatory vaccination, that's what's going on.
Good as they should!! We not getting paid enough!!
Any of you know real statistics on tech workers, engineering jobs, R&D jobs, management jobs, including  CEO level jobs??  Are these areas also experiencing "Big Quit" movement?  Anyone knows?
20 year olds burnt out??? 😂😂😂😂
Joe Biden’s America
People have had enough!! They don't get paid enough to be miserable.  I say good on them...making a change.  Positive vibes from New Hampshire, remember to be kind to each other and yourself during this pandemic and social crisis
During periods of unemployment, I always worked part-time gigs.
Companies are not loyal anymore and with everything getting more & more expensive profit is better than wages.
BECAUSE NOBODY WANTS THE CLOT SHOTS. Atleast anyone with critical thinking skills doesn’t want it. Has nothing to do with the pandemic.
Upwork?
Because they are spending  these End Times getting closer to God. Rapture is soon…
because most jobs suck and wages haven’t risen with inflation in over 40 years. doesn’t take 60 minutes to come to that conclusion.
Bad labor laws,  no benefits.
Mom's are staying home with their precious babies when they should be with them - good -
“Better pay” Lmao 😂
Are they "really" hiring?  A lot post signs of hiring but when you apply don't even expect an interview.  They aren't desperate for workers.
Why work for someone when you can start your own business 😑
I work in a hospital and the way us employees are treated they don’t deserve us!! THIS IS AMERICA
All that education and she can’t say why people are quitting.
The heartbeat of America is the American factory worker
Open up the Mexican boarders let them work
Lots of wackos out there giving crap to the working people!
Good, let young moms stay home. Do what you want, that's America. I think in recent years there has been TOO aggressive a push to get women out of the house for "liberation." If they want careers, great! Go for it. If not great too! Stay home and raise the kids.
None of the workers in that restaurant had masks and they ask why no one wanna work there? Sure the 80 or 90% of the racist people won't mind not wearing the mask but the people that care about covid would want yall to have freaking masks lol. And you are just missing those people
Have better incentives....paid vacations...money for college...pensions...  But yes if people want to move to more affordable housing and better weather climates...that won't help New York city or other cold expensive cities
Maybe, just maybe, it's because the government handed out an absurd amount of money and shut down the economy for no damned good reason at all 🤔
Virus or not...people want freedom to work at home...or be more mobile....the pandemic just was the catalyst...to start,  not the big quit...but the big freedom to pursue your dreams...you cant do that working as a waitress at Dennys..
Ok 864.
its almost like fear mongering and forcefully making people get a medical procedure they don't want isn't working... odd...
I remember years ago when I tried to get remote/work at home jobs they were SCAMS big time.  I never got a work at home job, instead I made one of My own businesses.
the quitting figures are actually made redundant figures.  She mentions the sectors that were "quitting" were hospitality and retail.  Shops and restaurants.  We all know they were hit by the pandemic.  This is a nonsense news report all to boost linkedin.  which is just a massive advert for self promotion
Why isn’t there a single white person in this video? I’m not complaining I’m just genuinely curious
Ooh classic manipulation: “They don’t want to work- it’s a worker problem”  Not “ I need to treat my people better, make the pay worth it and give great benefits to get and keep my people! “  Also we all know employers are enjoying exploiting their skeleton crews and maximizing on their money 🙄
People that would have filled a lot of those jobs have died or afraid to die
60 minutes, haha haven't been relevant since the 1970s. Bideflation, lockdowns and clot shot mandates created this mess.
Also if you don' have a green pass you can't go to work or have an ordinary life. Why no one is mentioning this?
It’s not a worker problem it’s an employer problem. Workers are tired of employers treating them like crap.
How accurate is this though? These news outlets tell half truths as usual. This is all a set up to usher in the robots 🤖
Because the employer is just as much a lier as our government and our president. The people are sick and tired and DONE
You never know who or what you have until it's gone...
Tax states. Productive workers are tired of being overtaxed
It's not a workerrrr problem when millions of people are leaving their jobs. It's more of an employeerrr problem. People are tired of being treated like slaves on their jobs.
4:13 this fool had the audacity to say it's a worker problem. No, it's an employer that doesn't want to be fair to employees and treats them like animals while expecting complete loyalty and devotion problem. Edit(seems like he's a good guy, but that "it's a worker problem" statement was still dumb.
Because we ain't being forced to do anything period but fight back the more yall push so keep it up lol
if they wouldv stop firing ppl for not being vaccinated  some ppl may still be working
In the case with the businessman from Greenville, SC it's the employer problem not employee
22 million jobs lost because of a virus
Social Contract develop by Joe Brandon
Yet I can’t find a job 🤷🏽‍♂️
GO LIVE IN LATIN AMERICA
The Democrats prefer to keep control over the people of the USA 🇺🇸.  Joe gives away free money so people could stay home and do nothing.
People are burnt out from crazy work schedules, even before Covid-19, Americans were upset with their jobs unwillingness to work around personal schedules
People figured out that family is more important than their job!
The social contract is not being re-written, workers are demanding employers RESPECT the contract. Is it that ridiculous to ask for a wage that can let one afford a space to live with ENOUGH downtime to do more than home/living chores!   The "American struggle mindset" has one hussel, hussel, hussel, to squeeze some semblance of a life in between the hour of chores and work. But you're exhausted, you can't put your best effort in your passions. You can, but damn, youre sore from work and chores. What's wrong with 4 hours of TV, you've done so much WORK that you've EARNED that moment of disconnecting, a moment to let your body and mind rest. Damn, it's late after you decompress, you'd best get ready for bed. Cause today was Sunday, tomorrow's Monday. And that means you gotta WORK.
Every person with a brain can explain it. We arw tired of stupid rules and companies that don't care about us so we're letting them die
I’d like to know if there are SO many jobs then why are people applying for jobs for months on end and no interviews call backs or hiring !
Getting ready for new world order
We're not monkeys, so stop paying us with peanuts 🥜!
How do these workers quit and support themselves?  Especially in this time of massive inflation.
Left my job late last month because I felt that I was underpaid with many years of experience, no holidays off except Christmas and Thanksgiving. I finally accept a job that values their employees more, higher paying salary and all holidays off, pretty much giving their employees life and work balance.
If employers wouldn't force their employees to take a V, treated them with respect, paid them fairly...then many people would not leave their jobs.
Yep, we live in the times where the economy is turning into a swamp with high unemployment, high inflation, massive quantitative easing, an inept president, and the entire administration. What is happening with America?
It's because we are tired of being treated like a commodity rather than people. The drive toward efficiency and profit is ignorant of the human condition.
Take this job and shove it. Yeah
Technology is turning some positions obsolete. Many are in careers that will be obsolete in the next 5 years. Automation is real. Truck, bus and uber drivers will not exist in 5 years.
I wonder how long will remote jobs will last. That could be unstable because in order to have a job there has to be some sort of PHYSICAL presence. I mean a product/service needs to be TANGIBLE, and there are examples where something was tangible ended up being ABSTRACT, aka the video store.
These businesses chose to not develop people for the last 2 decades. They knew there would be a retirement cliff. This is what it looks like when you shoot yourself in the foot.
Walmart raised its pay only to cut the whole night shift publix cut quarterly employee bonus self contracting jobs is a dead end road to no where McDonald's  over the world why over stretch your corporation if you couldnt take care your people past years corporations been making billions with low wages no benefits and they claim they're still broke its bs Construction companies hire people off the books including illegal immigrants plain and simple we'll just another number there is no more caring about its workers
For the same reason joe Biden and his administration are trying to force people to put stuff in their bodies as if he is GOD .that's one reason why
BUILD BACK BANKRUPT
Am here look for me I work for you people
This is stage!!!! Gtfoh
So how are low wage employees paying bills after they quit?
No it's the leftist ways an the mask an vaccine mandates
So employers should invest in other countries.
The same is true in China
Did everyone find a big bag of money and not tell me????
Employers are not even hiring. For entry level job you have to go through those non sense online tests, video interview to a bot. I have 16 years of banking experience with MBA degree  and i am not even accepted as a Teller.
When hiring, most employers as for references. It's time they start giving potential employees three references. Like can I speak to 3 of your employees before I start working for you?
Need to go back to 8hr days , 40hrs work weeks with overtime
Because we're over it! Tired of being overworked, underpaid, and not appreciated. I quit my nursing job and I am FREE! Years of misery no more lol!
i quit my job built a bed frame put it in my van . now i work part time. puck the american dream . im going camping !
I love that people were able to quit their jobs and just pay bills no problem lol
...just the beginning of it's A.K.
Interesting that no statistics or information regarding vaccine mandates was shared.
Low wages, terrible benefits, poor work conditions, the realization that you're working for a greedy fat cat, and finally you realize that Washington only works for the business class, the military class and the 1% and not the American worker, farmer and average joe. 🖕
Depressing and too much over worked less pay ..talk talk talk
Some on paper quit so the company didn’t have to play unemployment benefits / but in reality sent home with no pay and benefits // that is the truth about all this “quitting stuff “
People have to work 50-80 hour's a week and even work 2 job's to survive what's going to happen when more and more jobs disappear due to automation robot's are taking job's people will need a basic income check to cover necessities like food water and to cover some of the bills then the dollar will continue to devalue it's not looking good folk's.
Its about time this slavery pay is going to stop i dont care for the pandemic but if it wasnt for this the slavery pay would never have been noticed and would be going on forever i will never work for slavery pay in my life im 58 and this pay has been the same since i was 17 years old thats bull crap while all these sorry business owners are making thousands and thousands from these poor people you cant make a damn living with this piece of crap pay its about time people are finally realizing this pay is sorry.
Guess people are tired of the system taking advantage of them.  Hmm weird what happens when most of America wakes up from low paying injustice.
Because there ALL lazy😂😂😂
Because working 50 hours a week to still be broke is nonsense.
The government keeps sending money for not working stop that and the work force will return..
The idea of people not wanting a job that requieres them to get vaccinated somehow just slipped off their minds and didn’t make it to the statistics
Employees are still quitting? Aren’t these folks not getting unemployment anymore?
Death to the boomers. They created this mess and now they have the audacity to complain about worker shortages. Smh
What's that virtual work place called? Workspeed?
People quit to stand up for their rights....thats the reason.....
60 Minutes found a way to spin this into making the employers Victims.. 🙄👎
COME ON! its a lot less dramatic than "burnt out" or "what makes my heart sing" or "Im out". Ever think about how so many grade schools have gone virtual? that means parents need to stay home. most hotel and restaurant staff are female. hotels now only service the room after the guest checks out, much fewer housekeeping personnel needed.
can't believe no one (including 60 Minutes) called BS on the businesses that say they can't fill positions  . . professional job descriptions are overly-specialized and about a 1,000X longer than before; employers seem to want programmable robots. . . .and in a few years, that's exactly what they will opt for.
Austin and Miami are not affordable?
She is right people are tired of being disrespected and overworked.
What’s the open job percentage on law enforcement? With crime spiraling out of control I would assume it out be mind blowing. I would also assume this program doesn’t want to show the actual numbers and panic the people.
Because this generation is absolutely lazy. They have been brainwashed into believing they are entitled to everything. Work hard, this is America.🇺🇸✌️
Another factor specially for retail jobs they want you to work holidays mandatorily. People wanna spend/enjoy time with the families or going on vacation. They don't wanna work until 10pm on New Years. And get paid $11/hr
The United States government has it in their mind to have the US to collapse how do you collapse the US lack of jobs you have to create revenue and then they're spending debt that they have for the infrastructure bill has already kicked up our debt people better thank God that they did not pass to reconciliation bill bringing a new year that was going to annihilate America.
Stop the medical mandates and silly killer policies because the nurses and doctors and CNAs and medical checks that are in there right now are suffering and they are quitting as well are finding other professions or just leaving their jobs so they must stop these new policies and requirements. 🤷🏾‍♀️
Stop supporting them and u will see how fast they go back to work.
I work as a Private Contractor CNA through a Healthcare Agency in different Nursing Homes & Hospitals throughout Georgia. The Healthcare Agency pays me at the Maximum $45/hr & minimum $23/hr. Now if I was employed at a Nursing home in GA, the pay would be a lot lower… $10-$16/hr. They beg me to come on board for a huge pay decrease. No way…. I have so much freedom in choosing when and where I desire to work. This is not just CNAs doing this either… It’s LPNs & RNs too.
People are quitting because of vaccine mandates, simple.
stop skimping workers can't make twice profit  without giving a living wage to workers
They're leaving Democratically run cities like Chicago, New york because of the mandates and nonsense. They are moving to free states. You're missing the boat  here...
construction jobs in winter?!! they don't get rain i guess. crazy all the construction workers i know in unemployment right now
Behind every help wanted sign is a fake job posting which auto rejects all applicants so the employer can say “they tried hiring” so they can collect more PPP loans
The major problem is inflation. Everything is expensive and no matter how hard you work, you're going to get left behind with these low paying jobs.
Pay more Lol
People quit for better job and pay !
Seriously!  You are asking why people are quitting their jobs?   You don't understand it? Why not ask those who've quit? They will tell you its for two reasons. One of the two reasons are, vaccine requirements being pushed on them by their employer. They Second reason is because these companies have gone full woke demanding that people use terms in the office like they, them instead of he or her. And that doesn't scratch the surface of the ridiculousness of their demands.  No one wants to work for anyone who pushes these lame narratives down their throats.
So for the people who are quitting, how are they paying to live?
If the unemployment benefits gives you more than your employer, then the government should set a new standard for pay. You should NEVER get paid less than unemployment benefits. I've been working home, on and off, since the pandemic started. And I got to tell you, I work even off the clock and I feel a measure of contentment that I'm doing it because I want to, not because my company is forcing me. Working from home should be given a thorough look/research. It's what people need, more than what people want.
Get rid of marijuana on the drug test
You get what you pay for not that hard to understand!!!
Employers aren’t the only reason for the Great Resignation.   A lot of people are leaving jobs that deal with CUSTOMERS and/or the PUBLIC. And people are beyond rude nowadays. We are impatience, discourteous, and nasty to each other.  People are spitting on cashiers, hitting flight attendants, fighting with teachers, and cussing out cops. Students are coming into class doing what they want to do and refuse to listen to the teacher. When the teacher calls the parent, the parent blames the teacher.  We blow our horns if someone takes longer than 2 seconds to drive forward when the light turns green. And God forbid if someone cuts us off and now it’s time to grab the gun and start shooting.  Who wants to deal with such foolishness and especially if the job is low pay with long hours.  Society in general is at fault.
good stats   thanks
We’ll when it’s an unfulfilling job mixed with no work life balance… gives you this outcome.
To help destroy corporations
I can’t even begin to describe how clueless my employer is. The managers and team leads are nothing short of ignorant regarding how to motivate and  retain employees. And I work for a large company. A very big health insurance company who shall remain nameless because I value my income. The only certainty is they care nothing about me.
People aren’t quitting because they want a life change.. people are quitting because there is a mandatory vaccination policy that makes it a requirement to keep there jobs.. well done on the coverup story
Ok people are quiting so, how do they feed, clothe and shelter themselves ?
This is a skewed statistical report!!  Those people interviewed were people who had ambition in their lives and shifted their careers.  They are all still working and paying taxes, so technically they never left the workforce.  They all just made advances in their lives, which is expected.  Now it boils down to who going to fill in their previous jobs?  Are there more jobs available than people in this nation?  If so that means hardly anyone should be getting unemployment checks and/or stimulus checks!
I’m so proud of these Americans. I used to work over time, worked a lot but what for. They took other people in, ignore homeless Americans leave them die no food, housing or medical. They don’t take care handicapped, mentally ill & caregivers. They wanted you to work more and pay taxes. I love our country so much but something is wrong here. Work smarter not harder just do it the right way. Those who do wrong will get punished or theyre keep hurting people, Americans.
I have noticed many employers either offering 20 hrs a week or 80 hrs with no chance of time off. I’ve found many jobs in the school system that would hire me at 39.5 hrs a week. Conveniently 0.5 hrs short of being able to get healthcare benefits.
People not wanting the vax is a huge reason.
Video should be 10 seconds long: Why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs in record numbers? Because of covid mandates and the communist takeover. DUNDUNDUN DUN DUNNNN
Sponsored by Worxbe
Wait...you saying because of Covid and modern wymyn going back to traditional roles?
People are seeing that life is short, why spend so much time of your life doing something you don't enjoy or being around people that you would rather not be around, just to keep up with the "Jones"
Not sure if I’d call Austin or Miami affordable lol
PLANdemic!
Do whats right for the Company? Nah, that slogan went out the window in the 80's. Its our time to be taken care of.
How does this show create new episode and still look old 😂
It isn't hard to figure out... The pre-COVID19 Employment situation wasn't exactly tilted toward the worker's success. Throw in the 24x7 fear-mongering by the media that put everybody on edge and the senseless extra job requirements (full-time mask-wearing while at work) and all of a sudden the already poor labor situation became unbearable. Once a few people quit and other employees had to carry the extra load with no help coming in to alleviate the situation everybody decided they didn't get paid enough to put up with the mistreatment. Frankly, I don't blame them.
If your income in 2025 based on salary and wages is slavery
Boss up time
If you wanted actual answers, maybe Interview disgruntled recent employees instead of just employers?
Pay decent wages to get employees.
These jobs will always remain unfilled because they don’t pay the rent or the mortgage or the car payment. You have managers or owner who show no respect to these workers. Those days are over. As Johnny Paycheck once said”Take this job and shove it! I ain’t workin’ here NO More!”
Becsuse jobs are being used as tools for agendas. And Employers are becoming overlords.
American employers have abused employees for far too long and now the tides have turned. As an employee myself, the things that I demand is a reasonable pay, respect, autonomy, and appreciation. I’ll go above and beyond for my company but the lack of respect an attitude that employers have had in the past towards me and other peers has been just unacceptable.
Because doordash and apps that give independence back to the employee.
Workers should have always been in the drivers seat. If you want someone to work for YOU…you need to appreciate them or you’ll have to run the business yourself.
u stup+ds keep pushing to be vaxed, green pass BS enfoce masks and still ask why? hang in there till brandon fu@@ u up more!
🔥
People should not work for the states that rob you !
It not a worker problem! If they don’t hire anybody they don’t have to pay back the PPP loans!!! It’s a SCAM folks!!!!
Please these employers aren’t hiring. They’re working their few employees to death. What’s the data on new applicants?
People are moving not only for housing price reasons but also the failed government policies of California and New York.
Well according to the management I know in AZ and CA say the bosses refuse to hire anybody to not have to pay back the PPP loan and keep cost down by running a skeleton crew.
Couldn’t be the forced medical treatments being enforced…
Work from home is a non-negotiable for me for the rest of my career.  If WFH is not an option, then the employer will not be considered.
This is not happening to African, their happy to see people quitting so they can occupy  I took my data from the MENA REGION. I'm a travel agent  If my data is wrong I apologise for sharing wrong n false data
Mass quitting and mass moving is a direct result of the vaccine mandates, nothing else.
Better pay, benefits, signing bonuses mean nothing,  when they are low quality employers with extremely high turnover.
It's always a win/win when both the employer and the hired help meet in the middle. Often times, there is no such thing, and this pandemic has started to shift those standards in the right direction. There will be some growing pains, but we will get through them.
Funny. If you can't afford to pay your employees a living wage in order to be competitive maybe you shouldn't be in business? Asking for a friend.
I love how this video barely makes an effort to talk about the working class, the hardest hit people in the pandemic. With unemployment benefits and finally understanding what it’s like to have a decent salary, we quit and we left and we want to earn more money. That’s many of us.
Genocide????
When you take away ppl choices to choose. Mandating they take shots. What do you think is going to happened? Well, I believe they show you how they feel about it.
The video didn’t paint the complete picture actually. Low vax rate and firing none Vaxed employees is also significant. One of the biggest reasons too is women who could afford to not work to stay home and take care of their kids while being out of school. Kids had nowhere else to go but stay home.
Don't pay people to not work..  It's a bad idea
Employers don’t value us and expect us to value them. I’ve been at the same company for 4 years and they declined a 60cent raise I asked for. It makes me want to quit am I really not worth another 60 cents
$12 minimum wage while inflation is going through the roof. Pay a livable wage, it's commonsense. Also Companies aren't really hiring. It's been debunked.
It’s called joe Biden. Look at at statistics. Did we have this problem 2 years ago. It’s the democratic agenda. Own up
That Harvard lady at the beginning is totally lost in imaginationland. Obviously she has never lived paycheck to paycheck.
If we have all of these jobs then just cut off all welfare programs and tell people to quit having kids they cannot afford and go to work!
I totally agree
Oh workers are out there. They are just done dealing with SC's minimum wage and being treated badly for less than $100 a day. This is not a worker's problem.
LET'S GO BRANDON!!!!!!  A WARNING TO ALL DEMOCRATS IN BIG BLUE CITIES...  PLEASE STAY IN YOUR  PATHETIC CITIES THAT YOU CREATED... We do not want you in any RED STATES!  You lunatics are NOT welcomed.... and as for all of you MBAers that run companies, your communication skills suck... start treating your employees with respect!!!  And work on you COMMUNICATION SKILLS before you run a company.
All those missing women in the workforce are not doing only fans. You are not gonna get them back.
You know who’s not hiring?! Costco! I’ve been trying for years and years to get into Costco and no success. You know who’s not quitting because they’re happy Costco employees lol.
I ended up worse than I was, it took me 8 months to find a part time job with less pay.  I enrolled in college because there's politics playing a role as well and people don't want to admit that.
Pay people a higher wage.
Yep imma testament to that left my job last month and it feels good I do Uber, Favor and Walmart delivery and I get paid more $$ in one week vs a two week paycheck at my previous job. The plus is I can work whenever I feel like it which feels good to do.
Give us those jobs. Man yall are lucky tho. In Africa, youths are educated but have no jobs and no one cares. Atleast yall had one and decided to quit koz ur paid 19$/hr 🙄🙄 while some people in other parts of the world live on less than 1$/day. GRATITUDE  IS KEY
The more than two million people who say they are quitting their jobs.  They were workers in restaurants, fast food restaurants, stores, supermarkets, and in most of these companies they were paid between 8 and 10 dollars an hour and they were only given 25.35 hours per week and a payment every two weeks.  and today that they have supposedly given up their jobs, how they pay for their food, how they pay where they live, how they pay for their utility services, this news is just manipulation and out of all reality.  people are not going to leave their jobs and they are not going to leave them because they have to pay for their own expenses and the government is not going to help them in any way, the government only helps the big multinationals and wall, which are the ones that finance their political campaigns.  and most media work for themselves and not for citizens.
Because about 10 % of Americans will not bow to unconstitutional illegal tyrants.
Maybe they should stop stealing peoples money with taxes?
They need to start looking at felons who they ostracized from society as further punishment. If a person hasn't committed a crime in 5 years they should be allowed to work, get apartments etc. That would help with the workforce shortage.
No one wants to risk their lives taking an experimental vaxx.
Man, I filled out so many local trucking job applications. And, guess what nothing happened🤣 70 applications and no call back
Then why can't my niece and nephew get a job. Yes, they're young, but if there are jobs out there,  why not start with young people?
Plus they’ve killed off MILLIONS of slaves with the maxines…
Because everyone is lazy and wants to still be paid
Vaccine Mandates + Low pay 💰
Did you play the game of Monopoly? Will you play this game if the money received doesn't allow you to run an entire round?
modern day slavery everyone is done with this country 2022 U.S.A wants slaves .
Because the FreeMason and Jesuit owned Federal Reserve has destroyed the sheeple's purchasing power through money printing and stealth inflation thus disincentivizing the desire to work for crumbs....  This plus decades of the libtards high tax policies have wrecked a once great country... A now de-industrialized shell of its former self...
4:38 Karin explain why people are moving away from San Francisco and Chicago.  San Francisco: house affordability. Chicago: well......
Im very interested in what kind of jobs employees transitioned to and why. Human resource is also burnt out and it’s very thankless job. Wearing thin between taking care of the business needs and employee personal needs throughout the pandemic is quite the feat! 😰
Have nothing controversial to say about the subject matter of the video...only wanted to hop on here to say: Why this video look like it was made in the 90's? lol
Been in a union for 5 years now. Management is in the same union. Honestly, we got no better than anyone else in the industry who are not unionized. The only thing we've been rewarded for carrying the country through this were hours. Hours & exposure. Unions don't do anything for you until you make it to management or the company decides to hire you full time (which they never do). Your dues simply pay for a spot on the line for maybe a better position. It's just not worth it. It's not like house ownership is possible on American wages, even rent is getting beyond the American Dream now. Oh well.
When workers get treated like 3rd rate citizens, no respect, and no jab no job, what do you expect? 🤔
Nadie está renunciando a sus trabajos, es solo una manipulación de los medios, para luego responsabilizar a los ciudadanos.
When you vote for a President that builds a wall against immigration
Employees are also becoming self employed.
Our big cities are so overcrowded that Im willing to bet half of our problems would be eased if people started to actually use the rest of the country. Instead of stacking people on top of one another they should spread out across the US to places where the cost of living is affordable.
"Why are people quitting their jobs in record numbers?"  Proceeds to interview employ _ers_
They are quitting because the government is paying them $25 a hour based on a 40 hr week.  When they worked and got paid $12-16hr. That means they are getting a 50%-100% pay increase. Helen Helier could see why no one is working . Stay home and get paid double .
Vaccine mandates has nothing to do with people quitting??????? 🤔
Let's go Brandon
I am lucky that my husband has a government job that pays the bills so I can stay home. We have no help with child care. If there is a snow day or if they have to do remote learning there is no one to help me with it. I have to stay home. I have to keep the house running and helping my children with their school.
But why are jobs still hard to find unless you want to be a waitress, a cashier or work in fast food?
Also, the reason why people are still quitting is because even though big businesses are moving in and people with more disposable income are coming in, the workers who are employed at those local businesses are still being paid minimum wage.   Yeah the owners are seen a lot more revenue thanks to that influx but they're not distributing that influx to the workers they're still paying them pennies.
I think women relazised they are happier at home
It's easier to make money online and work from home than ever before. People like the convenience of that compared to going to an office or work place they don't particularly like. Especially mothers of young kids.
Very nicely done reporting
There's a simple solution to all of these employers ills and that's paid people better. Especially in the service industry.   Construction companies need to have phenomenal health care so that way they're retirees aren't spending their Golden Years and pensions  getting multiple surgeries.
A lot of companies want their cashier's to  advertise to customers at checkout
I left my previous career for the shot at remote work and having a very flexible schedule. I have never been happier than I am now, and I cant imagine ever going back to the office.
What I’ll always take away from this pandemic regarding the job market is our own government having no faith in Americans and undermining our workforce.   They challenged at us for putting our health first, applying to jobs on our terms, re-evaluating our goals, motivations, and what’s important to us. And in spite of what we’re accomplishing as noted by LinkedIn i.e. one person being hired every 12 seconds — they see as nothing more than leeches.   When you go to the polls — remember those politicians who said you were lazy, greedy, and wanted to mooch off of government aid.
We need better pay that out passes inflation
Sounds like people prefer freedom of choice to vax or not, mask or not, low taxes, and red state economies.
I worked corporate as a trainer.  I had to train four of my bosses, but the big company wouldn’t hire me.  I started working part time for a limo service and made more money than my full time job.  One day I had an offer from a customer to run executives from city to city.  That was 3 years ago, still rolling, busier than ever.  Hooked up with a bodyguard service to offer protection.  When the pandemic hit we were guarding homes, providing transport, and providing personal security.  Paired up with a private jet company and provide final mile services.  Don’t be afraid to try…. It’s out there
Yeah because people are a-holes! Stop being or allowing Karen’s and Kens to act out. We don’t want to go to jail for no other color!
Everyone's more relaxed now, except for the traditional employers.
The Great Resignation. All predicted. No surprise.
Easy to quit a job when you have unemployment to fall back on.
I went from picking grapes to flipping burgers at Wendy’s
You need to increase earnings for the workers
Ummm, it couldn’t be the  💉 mandate.. Could it??
This proves that Biden’s agenda does not work. Liberalism is destroying this country.
People have learned to live differently during COVID…….. but make no mistake many are quoting rather then comply with COVID mandateS.   Others are afraid of getting COVID.   Both are true
My evidence maybe anecdotal but I have seen many many people not only in the medical field but in the hospitality field quit because of the outrageously awful way that the general public treats us. We are sick of the abuse we are sick of the Karen's and we're done with it we're just done
When I was in Jr High in the late 1970s our science teacher told us that by the year 2000 computers and robotics would do so much of the labor that no one would work more than 4 days a week.
With plenty of stimulus money and loot as much as you can, why work. Don't even have to report to IRS, oppps sorry report the loot part only as income.
Some jobs are totally remote / telnet / ssh , yet the company still wants the people in the office.   I think that higher up management needs to realize the requirements of each job and whether or not it needs  person to be in an office or not.
Wait..what?  The one guy said people were quitting and taking different jobs.  If so then how is this a story at all
What it is jobs don't appreciate good workers, they don't want to pay you nothing. But use you to get rich. Check to check isn't cutting it anymore.
Finland’s New Prime Minister Proposes 6 hours Work a Day and 4 Days Work a Week by Janet 2 years ago Photos Credit to timesnownews Sanna Marin, Finland’s new prime minister, has proposed that the country adopt a four-day work week consisting of six-hour work days.  Maybe, soon America will follow Finland.
I get how people are wanting to quit there jobs, but I am puzzled at how they can afford it. Especially with the fact that people haven’t been saving money. Net savings for America has been negative for decades.
I’m commuting 44 miles one way (88 miles daily) to make $15/hour working in a hospital during a pandemic.  Factor in cost of commuting plus cost of dressing business casual and I can NOT wait to move on.
It's funny these big companies couldn't afford 15.00 minumum wage and all of a sudden Mcdonalds and others are following the big 15.00 an hour, well where did the money come from I thought you couldn't afford to raise minumum wage.  Well it came from the big CEO pocket.  Maybe it's called God's judgment against big corporate America.
If minimun wage would be more than just fair to start, employers would have people from al walks of life learning new skills and more exited to do a good job than just wasting time. There would not be shortage of workers.
People are sick of living a lie and dealing with Rockefeller cartel medical tyranny.
So much to parse out here....if you want to get to the root of the the problem, look at the discrepancy in pay between common workers and executives.  We have been operating under a broken business model for about 30 years or more at least. It's about quality of life when you clock out. If pay isnt doing it, we will find more satisfying,  though still low paying, work.
quack seens cause awe tism.
Is this a joke
Joe Biden did this.
I need to know…where are they quitting to?? 👀
Compared to workers in other advanced nations...Americans work more hours per week...get far less vacation time...get fewer holidays...have no guaranteed family leave (cant let caring for a new baby or sick family member cut into profits)...and millions lack health coverage despite working like dogs...meanwhile Wall St and the 1% enjoy a new gilded age. Enough is enough.
Absolutely ridiculous! They don't want to know why everyone is quitting otherwise they would ask more employees instead of the employers. It was never about unemployment benefits, and always about lack of respect, lack of livable wages, and lack of PTO.
Yeah, you absolutely cannot pay me to go back to anybody's office, poor work culture; it's a total deal-breaker. Karen can be melodramatic & messy at home where nobody else has to deal with it.
It's only low pay because everything else is going up in cost. Thank the government and in particular the last 2 years of extreme printing.
Lol so they know why people are quitting, but yet they put out this video? 😂🤣😷🤐
I’ll bet CEOs are still making millions and billions.  Workers are fed up with the ridiculous difference in pay between top executives and regular workers.
I think it's unemployment and the stimulus checks as well. People aren't going to force themselves to do something they don't want to do if they don't have to. Also after quarantine people recognize how much they enjoy the free time. They didn't want to go back. Work sucks, it's stressful, often humiliating, and sometimes employees are mistreated. Work also takes up a lot of free time that can be spent living life, relaxing, and spending time with the people you love. Work life balance is important. Perhaps we need more flexible schedules. Maybe less than 40 hours a week needed to be considered full time. And no matter how much you work you won't even be able to afford a starter home so why even bother?
I took my bag of COVID money, quit my restaurant job and went to trade school. In 9 months I'll be a certified welder making 5-10X as much as I did in the kitchen.
Because the roaring 20s party was never thrown.....  Whos gonna start the party when the economy has been crashing since 2020?
The archaic 9-5 system must DIE....just that simple.
We also saw first hand how America responded and how other nation responded. Some nations made sure ppl kept there jobs Americans were pushed out to fend for themselves
These corps do NOT and will NEVER care about you....that simple......we seen it plenty of times especially if a co-worker dies....NEXT!!! It's time to create for ourselves because at the end of the day we only have ONE chance to be who we are right now....
people are tired of dealing with unruly customers
I was tired of seeing all the hardworking employees go from 25-10 in 15 years, profits grew because the employees were the best. They ran it all, however the owners son took over when the older brother suddenly died in his early 40s. When asked to give raises he said that everyone was good
Everything going up except for pay wages. People are sick of it!
Fight traffic while living by a clock just to go to a job with losers I'd never choose to associate with in real life= 👎  Jobs expect you to go above and beyond while they do the minimum. Example: like why am I gonna drive to work in a snow storm when, if I crash, they'd never replace my car? They'd tell me to "figure it out" and fire me when I couldn't. So, out a car and the job.  Also, any position where you deal with humans (retail, hospitality) is *NOT* worth it! People are nasty!!
Because they don't want to be forced to take the jab.
Do we think this is preparing the stage for robots to replace workers? And for brick and mortar store to fail losing job opportunities.  Which will only create more warehouse jobs. Look at the big picture.
@60 Minutes You already knew the answer to this question before this show 😑😑😑😑
because covid woke people up from their crappy jobs and realized their pay sucks, and their lives suck, all to feed the greed of a handful of billionaires that have rigged the system to benefit only themselves. Now it's tough to get them back into their hole. It's like a divorce from a bad marriage, it's hard to get out, but once you do who goes back to their marriage again?
Hopefully this comment section doesn’t get infested by ML larpy dipshits
Because the government is giving them free money and Biden sucks
Women most affected. No matter what happens.
Democrats are the problems we have to vote out all the Democrats from all the city
You have both share fake analogies your information is false people want to work but you're making people lazy by giving them incentives for not working
I has jobs that I didn't really like but I kept working because I needed young food and pay the rent! Life isn't about getting what you want but getting what you need.  I went to night school to prepare myself for a better job but I never quit working.  I believe people need to be realistic and responsible and less self centered.  Grow up.
Offering better wages?? Where? Amazon, the place that treats their employees like slaves
Quit forcing  mask mandates and you will have employees
Propaganda see what there doing no one wants to work so the illegals are needed don't buy into this dangerous propaganda wake up America there destroying Our country and our culture WAKE UP it may already be to late
We all know this that the people are tired and exhausted by the drama and narrative of mainstream media. Instead of being a sheep pet and a puppet 💉, they'll rather leave.
It's happening because of the Biden Administration full of Narcissus and socialism pushing the agenda on society with these phony colleges that indoctrinate kids college is a scam
I know a group that would take those low level positions. But we are trying to build a wall and keep them out 🤷🏾‍♂️
GO Humansss!!!!! 🎊💕🙏
Failed to mention the horrible weekly covid tests and VACCINE  MANDATES!!
Employers regulate your money that's what the government does they don't want To make money to live comfortable
And what are they doing for money ?
Employees are tired of getting a job where the job is being done on them Keep it 100
The damn mandate caused this.
You know the funniest thing about all of this is that they got all the questions and the answers but they won't ask the people that are quitting Because they already know why they are
The whole system is going to have to change, 3 day work weeks at 4 hours a day !!!
You say you want employees but you want one person to do 3 persons jobs And pay them at minimum wage how can you ask something of a person that you wouldn't do yourself How can you ask someone to come to work don't hire them full time don't give them no benefits or give them no benefits or give them benefits that they can't afford that they can't afford  Because half of their check is going to it and then expect them to live really
Take your stupid MANDATE VENOM AND SHOVIT! Do the work yourself! We don’t consent
Born to become someone else’s money making machine?  WTF kind of life is this?
This is what companies deserve 😌
There is no such thing as loyalty in jobs Most importantly there is no I IN TEAM
I was born to be shackled to an office desk; now I regret it. I don’t need this, and so don’t you.
Biggest drop in workers is retiring Baby Boomers and Gen Z. How can Gen Z be "burned out"?
Well DUH have you NOT heard of the damage and deaths consuming the world??? You people are domestic enemy LIARS!~ Multitudes are being FIRED and others WITHDRAW because of the very flawed medical tyranny being foisted on the world~ #Agenda21 #LuciferianGlobalists #Blexit #Nuremberg2 #Coup  #JailFauci #CommunismKills #Plannedemic #TrumpWon #TheWorldisWatching #SorosMedia #WalkAway #CompromisedCriminals #CommunistOccupiedAmerica #USA #MAGA
Hard working Women and Men across the USA decided that they're just of Biden's tyranny deplorable mannerisms to the AMERICAN PEOPLE because some refused to be LAB RATS for science. And if you loss your life or become permanently disable after being administered those vaccinations and booster shots, what are they going to get from Biden, OSHA, and Big Pharma  Companies. NOTHING!
Please turn on captioning. Thank you.
Joe Biden.
Apparently this segment aired on CBS's new news show 60 Minutes Black.
Management is the problem
They don't want you to live but But want you to need them more than you need your life and your family remember one thing Family comes  1st You don't work for your job you work for your family And if your job is not emphasizing to help you grow And build your family then that job doesn't need you
I left my restaurant job at the beginning of the pandemic when the owner decided to pay our hazard pay with a goodie bag and a coupon for free pizza. Found a way better job and will never go back to food.
People get the job with good intentions. Get on the job and get harrassed by fraternalzation or or sorority coworkers on the job with their personal agendas or clicks.  NO ONE wants to be bullied as soon as they start working.
Let's understand one most important thing about an employer it takes the Is employees to make an employer We are their money you don't need a Union you just need to recognize that's why They won't pay nothing but they want everything
It has nothing to do with wages, it's about life, time, a job that consumes your life is not worth it, regardless of the pay.
The work place is just so demanding work too long of hours.  Get a job and it sucks the life out of you.  8 hours or more working, the time it takes to get ready for work and the time to travel to and from it… all the preparation to get ready for work takes time too… dropping kids off and picking them back up, for most people is a thing too.   The mandatory lunch hour or half hour with the damn breaks adds up.  You go from 8 hours paid to 10 or 11 to 12 hours total, per day that is dedicated to your job.
Also them not paying people enough to survive
Now you know why people from Guatemala, Salvador, Mexico an other countries from Latin America coming to the USA an the government an media promote it on 📺 TV.  The Dark side can't stop what the Universe changing. Wake up.
This was all pre planned.  Let everyone ( credit or not ) buy , buy , buy  Then they have you ball & chain  well I’m happy to see the people take a stand & say no.   We have the power
Take back our God 🎁 freedom to choose an be free from religion an Governments.
People waking up! No more government an religion slavery.  Media has lost there 🐑  sheep.
Open up the borders let the migrants work it's easy.
The reign of robots starts now.  Laziest generation in history.
What happens when the curtain gets pulled on the Wizard of Oz? He gives everyone gifts. Pull that curtain, people, and you'll get your rewards.
Power shifted.   Ha ha.
Why is government continuesly giving even more money to cops (19% in my state) to help them deal with covid ( they won't vaccinate or wear masks) yet nothing to the expendable ,er essential workers?   Cops are for the most part antivax, anti-mask. They are part of the problem.
Americans are tired of corporations that’s why they’re putting the corporate jobs! This will be the fall of old corporations.
IGen is a much better description
Work for 3 years for a 50 cent raise.   Joke
There's NO money in those industries! ... and Florida and Texas are anything BUT safe! LMAO! Come on.
It has nothing to do with hand outs.     Pay use more money.
They left some of the obvious trends out. The absence of Women in the workplace means employers are stuck paying Men more as replacements. This is because Men demand more wages and women dont, they just take what is offered. Also its not all about take this job and shove it. As Babay boomers left the market, some millenials upgraded their jobs into the vacant positions, of course at 50-80percent of the Babay boomer salary. Also Many Babay boomers can survive off of their investlments in the stock market and the housing market, again at the expense of the millenials who have to pay for it all working for corporations enhancing bottom line though lower salaries. They also forgot the folks who left for self employment. Way to go 60 minutes, on half of the story
CEO’s make 8 million a year.   They can pass some of that down to the slaves ( use )
Quit when I was told I would be fired if I did not get the jab while I had to go to "Diversity" training......
You have been running truck drivers in the dirt.  Driving around the clock    Now you notice what it takes.    Drivers need to be paid.
People need to go to work   ( cash only ).  No taxes.   They need you they will hire.   Cash only
How about people dont wanna get vaxd so theyre forced to leave their job
They "forgot" to mention forced mandates in those work places with highest numbers of leavers. Also, a lot if people moving out of cities. You have to quit if you plan of moving in those jobs. Boomers stand up for their rights and freedom of choice while the young have nothing to lose and quit when they are bullied by the rules they dont agree with or when another offer comes along.
As wages are increasing as well as record profits, expenses and everything else are increasing needlessly...lol
Make about twenty-five to thirty an hour, just with Uber Eats; could be working at a job that pays ten to fifteen dollars an hour… Work smarter.
Wondering if it's salary 🤔 someones lying here but I dont kno wich side and why.  Someones not coming clean ...
Wise man say - Do what you LOVE and never "work" a day in your life
I haven't had unemployment since July...I still don't have job.
Well most apartments have increased 1500.00 month. You have to make three times the amount to live there. That about 26.00 hour. What percentage people make over this ...lots will end up homeless. I turn down low paying jobs. I've been off two years..most employers don't choose to train people. We have to know all the new computer programs that change daily.  Up minimum wage...or change the apartment and housing markets...so we can make enough to live.
I'm really really proud of these people quitting their jobs. Even though I'm like half a world away from them.  I hope the employers realize that making profits isnt everything and treat people better.
Cost of living is too expensive. I don’t wanna work in retail if it can’t pay my bills
The border are open some one who needs it will take the jobs. Hopefully they don’t get unemployment.
Telework option 1 - not being paid enough 2 - not wanting to have an employer tell ME I have to wear a mask or get a jab 3
Union, so that employers give back the loyalty that they demand of employees.
Because people are tired making other people rich while they live pay check to paycheck and your miserable. So why not finally do something for yourself and build generation wealth
In 2018, my wife and I packed up and left Seattle and moved to Greensboro, NC. We own a home now. Our mortgage payment is HALF as much as our RENT was in Seattle.  Furthermore, we actually make *more* money now in Greensboro than we did in Seattle.  We were fed up with Seattle housing costs combined with the ultra-competitive job market.
I thought joe was going to lock down covid
another propaganda video  👏  Over acting  doesn’t always get you in Hollywood ....sometimes it will only get you a gig o 60 minutes
I just quit and started a lawn care service. Y'all shoot some prayers up for me as I venture out on this journey and God bless you all
Covid opened a lot of eyes in the general population. A lot found clarity in their day to day lives and are simply not happy with current career choice
I honestly WISH I had office worker type skills lol I would work from home so dang fast 💨
The breakdown of the family is whys.The marriage rate is down so men aren't pursuing long nights at the office.
im not working, i sell sushi out of my house only on friday saturday and sunday.    I enjoy my week off.     thank you covid.
Because kleptocrats are governing now.
Of course open the borders and let the illegal immigrants in and then demand that Americans get vaccine or lose their job, they can always be replaced with a illegal immigrants... Wake the heck up!
Because the British prince who turned his back on his own country says it's a good idea.
Who'd have thought that when people experience a life changing event, some of them want to change their lives.
Whenever you hear the word "workplace culture" mentioned in company meetings or communications, read this as "we own you: including your thoughts, your actions, everything about you"
I’m need work but no application form only online we are able to work but no experience operating computer and we’re older ages 50 years + it is discriminations for elderly ages or not  mr secretary of labor can you please explain to Americans peoples please thank you so much my dear?.
Ok, but it doesn't answer how their paying there daily life bills. Quitting or not the bills are always going to be there. So what the big secret?
Cause you know....we are not cows to mark us
Pandemic caused me to realize that I’ll never get the freedom I want if I keep working for someone
After lockdown I went 100percent underground I'm done
Not middle class , probably because they don't want to be forced to take a vaccine that may change after Thursday
People hate covid democrats so much they would rather go homeless than put up w covid nutty leftist
Why? Because people of the US have finally woken up and understood that slavery is still going strong in your country.
How does the vaccine mandate factor into this? How was this not even part of a discussion like this?
Propaganda...
It's the mandate, this is the American worker giving gov't the middle finger.
Well I wish I was there I'd take any job gotta start somewhere to reach my dream
Jobs treat you like Crap and not paying enough 🖕🏾
When I was told I "had to work from home" in March of 2020 when the pandemic hit, I finally saw what women had given up to work in an office.  I finally realized just what a stupid mistake women made by choosing a career and money over home and family.  I was 6 months away from having 20 years in at my job.  I worked those last six months from home...and them I retired early.  My retirement nest egg will not be near as big as it could have been had I worked ten more years but my mental health sure is a lot better.  It was the wisest decision I ever made.  I have peace of mind again and my physical health has also improved.
better story... interview those who quit,, who now have ZERO income! (1 interviewed acknowledged "lucky my husband id gainfully employed".. if she was breadwinner she wasnt quitting)
So what are all these people going to do for money? Live off the government which gets its money from working people?  Suck it up snowflakes, there is a reason its called work and not play
100million quality $10/hr jobs available at garbage fastfood restaurants.
it coast more to work than you make work  wages are 20 year behind be for pandemic work has turned in to slavery before the pandemic
One thing I feel disgust is Democrats support stimulus check and federal unemployment benefits so all the journalism tries to the stimulus and the unemployment is not the issue. Is it really not an issue at all?
People want to get paid their WORTH. They want benefits and to be treated fairly.
yes everyone leave so i can get a high paying job
Work for a huge company that makes record profits yearly but never see more than a 2% raise yearly. Yeah, wonder why no one wants to work here?
I've thought about this. I honestly think it's due to a combination of self entitlement, laziness and privilege. Which are  all characteristics of "Americans".
Rent continues to rise and pay is staying the same.
What satan meant for evil, God will use for good.   I think it's great to take a sabbatical.
The answer is simpler than everyone is making it.  Many working class people are not being paid, on average, enough to still have the American dream.  As inflation goes up, the wage increases become meaningless.  People don't want to help make the rich richer anymore, while the average American struggles more and more.  And it doesn't help that the prices are going up at a rater higher than it needs to because companies are raising prices higher than needed to cover the wage increases... and we have evidence that they did.
The only reason is vaccine mandates
Nobody wants the vaccination
Price of housing is too high.  Landlords are too high.  Who wants to  work all the time just for rent or for the cost of housing.  Americans have been slaves for a long time.  Part of American problem is we don't have freedom anymore. Our government is more Communist.  We have lost our Joy.  No families. Women libration have done their best to destroy the family while pretending to be poor little victims. Everything is about money.  We don't have a government anymore. We just have free Mason dynasties.
People are sick of the bull 💩
Yet some of us had to leave as they were not processing visa's
Maybe if emoyers weren't such selfish pricks they could get people that want to work for them. It's an employer problem.
I blame the federal reserve too. They print off monopoly money causing inflation that is crushing the lower and middle class.
Work 100,000 hours of your life to make some one else rich.
The PANDEMIC did not shut down the economy, AN IMPECILE IN THE WHITE HOUSE DID! REMEMBER THAT WHEN YOU VOTE,.AN IDIOT AND THE DEMONCRATS
America is DEAD
Age discrimination still exist..
When half your income goes to taxes and fees, and when the cost of just having a job is just to much... it demoralizing... people want to work for themselves,  not the grocery store, or the electric company, or the car manufacturers, toll road builders, etc....
Way to go 60 Minutes. You took a topic entirely centered on the workers and worker experience and made a piece that is just business owners (and the 1 employee who was certainly being watched by her boss who was also in the piece).   The point of the GREAT RESIGNATION complete flew right past you. People are quitting because they realize the horrible jobs with terrible pay and benefits and a toxic work environment aren't worth it. The only businesses complaining are the ones that exploit their workers until there is nothing left then fire them or lay them off after giving their executives huge bonuses.
We where ALWAYS taught if you don't want the job someone else does. So we would work for crumbs and little respect. Look like what we have been told is a lie.
All these things mean nothing unless you raise pay rates that seems pretty clear to me
Companies make huge profits  workers don't get payed enough and are struggling while company owners get rich
I appreciate what you have  guys,coz here people jxs wish to work as a waiters ....coz the the is no employment that's called lusaka Zambia southern part of Africa. I wish an opportunity like you people but I literally appreciate what God given me coz everything happens for a reason and purpose .......Luv all stay safe♥️♥️♥️♥️
I think on factor that I see eluded to in comments below is that although many companies are raising wages they are failing to recognize serious issues with their leadership. They need to treat people with respect and a level of fairness.
Why is no one holding Sleepy Joe responsible?
Where I am in texas
For one, no one is going to be forced to take the poison COVID vaccine for a job. They can shove these jobs! I refuse to take the COVID Vaccine to keep a job!
Karen's. Seems to be acknowledging the people who CAN'T return to work. I have only been able to return to 20 hrs a week since getting long covid. There are also a lot of people who are anti vax or covid deniers who got sick, and are still sick but won't admit it was covid. I don't think that people who have been refusing masks and vaccines are willing to admit that their health problems are from covid. Plus, People are sick of being treated like garbage. Just watch how CS workers are treated by Karens. There is just a crazy level of entitlement by some people out there who WANT TO BE MEAN TO PEOPLE!
I’m in Washington, DC pay me well ! Give me some benefits , and show me what I need to do. I’m not Lazy. I don’t need to be micro Managed. I get the job done ✅ I have nothing but time and dedication. That’s my resume.
Why dont we bring in immigrants legaly
What's the point my taxes keep goin up and I was working to put  gas in my car it was taking atleast half my check and I have two young kids to raise while all the stuff in the store is gone or sky high
And respect includes rights over your own body
This was quite eye opening. The workforce dynamic is changing exponentially. Everywhere I go I see help wanted signs. I’ve been in retail for 23 years between 2 jobs with my current at 15 years. I haven’t had the courage to walk away. There is a certain level of toxicity and burnout. I get called in a lot because others call off or don’t even show up. That gets old after a while. And the company changes the benefit structures.
Impeach Biden
CEO's make millions am hour. Most of us are offered $15 an hour. I remodel homes because i know they are toxic. I can't even afford a home for myself. I know most of the skilled trades. But i smoke pot as I'm diagnosed with ptsd. The laws against muy culture keeps people from understanding its benefits. Like focusing on my work and not making mistakes. Muscle and joint pain relief, anxiety relief, etc.. I quit my job December 10 because there was no benefits or free health care.
Easier to collect welfare, unemployment,  steal, liberals on to something,  why work and beat yourself up.
I’m an electrician getting paid $1 more than the Amazon workers in my city, I don’t understand how even with 5 years of school I don’t earn enough, More education doesn't always get you more money
I'm a professional science teacher  working in an International high school in China and have a Master in Public Health degree. I've been try for Teaching jobs in the US for a year now, every time I got interviewed they said Oh, we want people who are already in the US, that's mean they are not really in need because if they were then they would provide visa sponsorship to international teacher like me instead of turning a qualified person down just because the person is not based in the US.
America economy is about to plummet. Communism country growing to be multi superpower
Also let’s not remember to mention how these don’t appreciate us during these hard times.
60 minutes a bunch of democrat liars
But I’m applying and no one hires
If quitting without solid plan its a gamble, if quitting and do nothing is laziness .  .. Also Reality is that the success of every business is its employees. So love your employees treat them as your business partners not slaves or workers.. you know what I mean. and always innovate...
Retail and hospitality are quitting?those are the folks being force to enforce masks and vaccines
Simple fix bring back the unions. No good jobs without a contract. If not close your doors. 😂😂😂😂😲🙏
Also the VAX 1💉 requirement but yall didn't mention that on 60mins
Let your local congressman fill those jobs your local racist.
Many are quitting because they have been secretly collecting the satanic VORTEX MONEY.
Nobody wants to be married to their jobs anymore. To work is one thing, to have a business feel they own you and your personal time is a huge red flag. Life is too short not to live it, do what you love. Know your worth and what you deserve in pay and benefits.
robots(AI) are you listening?
Because before Reagan it was the New Deal, now it's the raw  deal. That's why they're quitting. People see they're not goin to get ahead so,.........
Simple Biden Administration happened.... Worst administration in American History....
You KNOW youre super political when You start to get off 🍆🤤💦 On t/ current political movements of USA Mmm, Mmm MF'R. i LOVE it! 🤣
The security a job offers is a complete illusion
Rather than pay Americans fair wages, they will tripple the immigration to make up for the labor shortage. Anything to avoid paying a fair wage and providing benefits.
I am so happy people are finally telling the selfish corporations and toxic employers to go f@#! Themselves.
People are snapping out of the rat race.
Most of them are getting better jobs.
Its not rocket scientist that the pandemic help everyone open their eyes and see what's really important, their family and their mental health.
I could answer that question it's because working in the United States is more toxic than Chernobyl. No one wants to deal with people that feel they're entitled. Especially for the wage that the "elites" are paying them.
Hmmm……they never mentioned vaccine mandates as a reason people are quitting
In all reality people are just lazy or expect 15$ an hour to put fries in a cup
After being beat down for 20yrs in the culinary industry. I left the US to live in Switzerland for a better work life balance. It’s just not worth it in the US anymore.
Sounds like people leaving blue states. Why would that be?
THEYRE QUITTING BECAUSE ITS NOT WORTH THE RISK OF CATCHING COVID AND THE COMPANIES ARENT PAYING ENOUGH!!!!!!!! PERIOD!!!!!!!! THATS WHY #THEGOVERNMENTSFAULT😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
So where do jab mandates fit into this story?
What I love about this segment is that they Interviewed black people who still grinding out here, which have always supposedly been the laziest in this country... But the Data that lives within the soil on this land shows how we move till this day, Respect 🙏
Businesses are finally going to be forced to earn their place at the table.  Pay your workers or go out of business.
Thats why we have open borders, let the illegals work the low paying jobs instead of cutting grass
People need to learn to treat each other better.
I quit my job back around Thanksgiving and yes you guessed it, retail was my job. Not worth the stress and being talked down to
I personally am not aware of anyone who is not working who was working  and I know a lot of people and I think this is fake news!!
If 60 minutes didn’t jump the shark, I might believe this reporting. Of course, they didn’t mention the main reason people (an every person I know) leave the “big cities” and moving to those particular states...fleeing tyrannical politics which (not unsurprising) align with those in control at 60 minutes and their network
New generations want a change and value more time and self care than being slaves for a paycheck it is not worth it.
Why is 60 min. Focusing on the Carolinas? Very skewed segment. Narrow scope of interviews. No transportation, medical, educational, union interviews? Not impressed.
It is because of work from home option. Which to me is great. It gives flexibility to work wherever yo want to work from.
Really?! So making people take the jab or lose your job isn’t causing any of this?! Hope this causes people to pick the best candidate for a job than having to hire to check a box for diversity.
https://youtu.be/XWuJ2AXN3iMfj
Could we be seeing the end of corporate slavery? We'll see! 🤷‍♂️
Because the state of the world changing!  Ppl has gotten fed up to be enslaved!
Too much people were living paycheck-paycheck  With Covid people started feeling again  And realised they were not Happy at all
Stop it. The reality is that the government is  giving away so much money during this pandemic that it was better financially to stay home and collect a check rather than to go to work. Thats the real reason.
Why are there no actual workers interviewed when this is a worker centric movement? Pretty bad journalism
Here in America employees are guilted for not covering every missed shift, guilted for taking sick days, guilted for taking breaks, guilted for taking a full lunch hour, guilted for taking vacation and when they do take vacation wonder if they have a job when they get back.
Why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs in record numbers? because companies do not pay and if ur getting unemployment and unemployment is paying more than ur wage then why work ? lol
It's not a lack of employee problem, it's a spiritual problem. The government has been told the cure, that it lies in Jehovah God alone. But it ignores what we are saying, despite the evidence, despite the strange, unnatural evidence. Only because of that evidence do I preach this old message of the Jews, which though foreign to me, is all too real. Not only am I obliged to say it, but to also bow towards Jerusalem. The problem is truly spiritual. Stop the sins, and the injustices, and seek Jehovah God, that the land may be healed.
This is exactly how it looks when the American dream is over. People realize they are sheep to the system. 20 years of debt after college? Yeah right  I love how they say the women are missing from the work force. As if they expect both men and women in a marriage to work while their child is in daycare.  When the American dream was alive.. a man could support his entire family and have pension waiting at the end of the line.  Not now.. parents have to work two to three jobs. Inflation, debt, etc.. and then at end of life care they take all your money before you get Medicaid   This story is completely disconnected Totally broken systems all around.
Please raise your hand if you’ve been or still are a personally abused/underpaid employee 🙋🏽‍♀️🙋🏽
People are TIRED of being treated like TRASH.
I currently work a retail job at a Supermarket and started here right before the pandemic. And I think the big thing that made everyone I know quit is that it just isn't worth it. We get paid $12 an hour which isn't THAT bad until I mention I live in Tampa which as of November has had the highest cost of living increase in America even above LA and NY. While bad pay is already one big negative we also have to deal with terrible customers that constantly treat us like garbage and many of those same customers are just walking around CLEARLY sick with no mask spreading covid to all of us that work there putting us and our families at risk. Now with both of those major issues go ahead and bring in managers that give 0 respect to us and you can see why literally anyone in this position would want to quit. You make more money doing grocery delivery apps than you do working in the actual grocery store...
Mandates maybe?
'Work From Home' means 'Professional Masterbator'
can't attract staff, raise wages supply and demand
salaries? Free market for me but not for yee
Only SISSYS 'work' from home!
The Obvious Question- Why are people moving out of Democrat run local governments?😣, and then moving into Republican run governments??😮 Why? why why why?.. Hello 60 Minutes!🖓 Duhhhhhhhhhhh!👤
I dont understand how people dont want to work. How are they surviving without income?
I work in the auto industry, and I make good money with great benefits....but I don't like my job. Unfortunately, I can't afford to just quit.
It's laziness. Govt payout makes it to easy
Leslie Stalling My Dawling
8:50 and women tell me how hard they have it..... I have seen this time and time again. "I have a man that can pay the bills so i just quit my job"
Because they think they are privileged,  by nationality
Just a forced way to bring in AI....🤔
EVEN SO KJV IS EVEN MORE ACCURATE.... niv....has been re written by the adversary to attempt water down ACTUAL HOLY JESUS CHRIST NAMED TRUTH. EVEN ATTEMPTED CHANGING ACTS 2 38 BY DENYING OUR FATHER JESUS CHRIST NAMED BLOOD CLEANSING POWER OF REMISSION OF sins  IN HOLY JESUS NAME BAPTIZED ZEAL.... TO JUST BEING FORGIVEN OF sin  WITHOUT CLEANSING AND THEREFORE NOT REMITTED SO IT WILL STILL be sin.... RECORDED ON JUDGEMENT DAY!!!! WHAY IT MEANS THAT SOME SINS GO AHEAD OF  A UN REMITTED SOUL  OR EVEN FOLLOW THEM INTO JUDGEMENT!!!! WE CAN ALWAYS FORGIVE ONE ANOTHER PRAISE GOD!!!! ONLY GOD CAN CAN GIVE THE REMISSION OF sins BY THE POWERFUL CLEANSING LOVE OF JESUS SHED BLOOD!!!!! STAY WITH HOLY BIBLE KING 👑 JAMES ONLY VERSION!!!!! OBEY ACTS 2 38 ACCURATELY SO!!!! REPENT AND BE BAPTIZED EVERYONE OF YOU IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST FOR THE REMISSION OF SINS AND YE SHALL RECEIVE THE GIFT OF THE HOLY GHOST!! FOR THIS PROMISE IS UNTO YOU AND YOUR CHILDREN AND TO ALL THAT ARE AFAR OFF, EVEN AS MANY AS THE LORD OUR GOD JESUS CHRIST HIMSELF SHALL CALL!!!!
You guys are sooooo deceptive....The underlining reason is because of all these mandates put in place in these democratic states...Cmon with the BS...Who else is buying this??
People are now starting to do what makes them happy. Many lost a loved one during this pandemic and realized how fragile life can be.
Because..........  fjb.
This is an advertisement from the new world order. Work online. The paying members from the wef the multinationals and biljonaire companies want you to use their technologie to get more and more rich. They destroy the local economie to make you more dependent on theirs.
I think all political parties have a lot of disagreements, but one thing that we can all agree on is that those employers had it coming with the lack of respect and barely livable wages that people get.
yep , they are trying to push the digital age of working at home on ur pc .
I suppose I could figure out a way to stay home. But there is a part of my identity wrapped up in having a job for some reason. Perhaps I should evaluate why that is.
All these lazy pos people that don’t want to work are the cause of inflation
All the mandates and unemployment money. Democrats suck
r/antiwork has all the answers you need
This should be a good time for women, especially mothers, to fight for their spot. My wife lost her job but started her own business from home. It is scary; we're both working hard to figure it all out since neither of us really had an interest in being business owners before. But actually, now I'm optimistic and looking forward to a day when I can do the same.
Government benefits pays better than most employers since the pandemic began. I'd rather stay at home.
People are tired of working at massive monopolized corporations that treat them poorly and don't pay them enough in comparison for the giant raise in the cost of living over the last 50 years. Maybe people are starting to realize they can move out of their large crime filled cities to just live simpler more affordable lives.
Best for employers is for robots to take over and then we go back to square one there no jobs 👍
Money make on over time, pretty much are going to taxes, health benefits are horrible in this country now compared to the 80s. Government just stealing money from citizens by keep on printing large amounts of money.
9 to 5 is cake work 7 to 9 with no employees 😑
why work to fund someone else's dream. The American dream is dead.
Despite the pay problem in US and need of people to enhance their situation. Trump closed all borders and immigration, i think this is one the factors that led need of workers.
I worked during the pandemic. Worked at a grocery store. I got Covid and lost my dad to Covid and early in the pandemic before there was a vaccination. Print some of that money off. Give it to those that worked during the pandemic. The Great Resignation.
People are not robots.. you can’t treat them that way.. they walk away 👑✨✨✨
I love this movement. People are waking up! We really have the power
“Take this job and shove it” in the words of Johnny Paycheck
It's simple, this new generation are LAZY.
Because CNN sucks big
Pretty awsome
Econo-nazis who blame stimulus checks pretend they don't realize how _little_ they cover.  The current ridiculously high cost of living eats those up in a week. Folks are simply persuing other work outside the usual entry-level martyr job sectors, that's all.
This forever growth mindset is incredibly toxic. We are the ones who created it and we can be the ones to stop it. Finally realize we don't need more, we need comfort and a life worth living.
Bs I've been applying for three years for engineering job, NOTHING.
I'm in no way a fear monger, however when people are faced with a supposed death around the corner scenario on a daily basis they realize that's there's more to life than working at a job you hate.  Good on them.  Go live your dreams.
Blame elon I know people that have quit their job because of high amounts of emf radiation
High amounts of emf radiation exposure
Because of mandated vaccines. Why does main stream media ignore the truth. You can’t take away freedom without a fight.
Nothing to do with vaccine mandates?
to sum it up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tN9CyBQbiLI
Lies.  People move out of Democrat cities due to crimes!!
Because you can go eff yourselves that's why
Now list it by race.
People are wrong, you don't get unemployment benefits if you quit your job, or if you were fired, you get it only if you were layoff. These people who quits their jobs are not really in need to feed a family or pay the rent. They are probably young people who don;t give a sheet! or older people that are tired and want to retired. Covid changed everything.
May be people noticed ,finally,  that there is a life before dead. American way of life is a nightmare.
Because the Biden goons are paying people to stay home!!
I'm not getting a job until the mandate is totally stricken down.
A lot of companies say they're hiring but they're truly not you try getting a job with them but they don't actually hire you because they don't want to have to pay back their PPP loans and other government loans
The truth is; worker productivity has gone up the last 40 years. Instead of workers being rewarded...the money went to shareholders and corp CEO's.
Simple. When you are being FORCED to put something in you're OWN body against you're WILL or you'll lose you're job.. well, that would be the MAIN reason 🤨!!!
Welcome to the new job market.
7.25 is a joke I'm glad this happened now y'all can finally feel our pain .....it's simple pay us!!!
We are tried tried tried, These jobs have done us so wrong for so long.....Mistreatment, When we ask for raises ,They refuse so now they need us, PAY UP!!!!
Tired of the gross exploitation ……
People are lazy and government keeps giving them money
Let's pretend that mandatory vaccination has nothing to do with it
Work for a Company for over 23 years and become sick and have to take some time off. Then receive a call from HR  without any empathy whatsoever, advise you that your illness is an inconvenience because they're really short staffed.Then question how long do you anticipate to have this illness and is there a way you can wrap it up sooner and return to work?
America doesn’t give second chances and doesn’t forgive. It’s no surprise. God help us all
As someone who just graduated and is searching, it is crazy seeing the high turnover rates in these companies
Most doing two jobs in most countries of the world respect. One fellow high school teacher they migrated to USA she works in international airport pharmacy day time and weekends she lectures at a College. Her husband works in a financial institution even though in Fiji they both primary school teachers. USA is land of plenty like other developed countries. Most citizens are choosy they want to work not just working to earn money. They work because they Love what they doing that is mostly the thing in developed countries. Love their work they do is fulfilling.
Yeah, all this mask and vax mandates... took their toll. People got tired of being forced what to do
Going better respect.
In my opinion, worker in US is getting not enough pay, they work but they can not buy house. Just rent    monthly. This is not safe , to buy house is like a big dream for American people.
Thinking bout quitting my job now, lol
Why work when people can stay home and get money from the government 🤦‍♀️🙄 Quitting jobs for freedom because our government is putting “mandates “ that cause The people to lose their freedom. Our government is so so incredibly corrupt! People are moving to states that stand for the People and their rights .
remote work is a slippy slope to further offshoring of jobs.
Americans got the golden opportunity to look for what they really want to do in life. Its a positive  thing
Pay the workers a decent salary and this wouldn't be happening..It's not rocket science
Because employers do not care about their employees.
Just all a set up for A.I to totally take over 🤫
So no one has died from covid? Could it be that everyone who died did not work? Does LinkedIn know how many of the people who are no longer working died? So sick of people saying no one wants to work like no one died.
No one works. They stay home. Too smart to lift a box.
Sniffin’ Joe and his “Vaccine Mandate” BS have a great deal to do with ppl quitting. We don’t want to be pushed around.
Just remember at the end of the day you are just a number to the company you are in , we are all just some  number
Restaurants are worthless.. no one pays... Lots of lifting.. and they fight you on workers comp
Two Dem senators under FDR voted 40 hr work week. Prior to this it was 30 hours. Kelloggs and Sears were the two last to fall. Americans were happier and spent time w the family not shopping. Cited source affluenza.
Everyone's living pay check to pay check while rich phalluses fly phalluses into space. Our economic system is a joke
...people are quitting because their hours are being cut and business are losing money (fact) the store shelves are empty because theyre ordering less to save money on waste, am i right? lets go brandon and the misleading media think ppl are dumb! LMAO ,this is under the frawd brandons watch.
It really amazes me that employers still don’t understand that if you take care your people they’ll take care of you tenfold… amazing
Retail is done its all online
No one ever thought that most of those jobs require vaccine. Nobody wants that koolaid
america is a 3rd world country in a gucci belt
What does one expect when Employment Policy is written & structured to favour Corporate Wall St Billionaires and the companies over many decades…it has to give sooner or later…
Pay people a living wage
Biden made everyone lazy
I will say the main reason I stay at my job is because the pay is decent, I have plenty of benefits, but MOST notably, the scheduling is flexible which is so important for me.
Lol love how no mention of the vaccine mandates that caused much of this.
Corporations are not businesses and jobs are not the same as careers.
Wowww...no mention on how Jobs are forcing the Vax on people....alrighty then.
I think it's  good that people  are taking charge of their  lives and showing  these big wigs who really  running  things. The Big Resignation  is beautiful
I didn’t quit my job it was closed due to Covid and I started a business instead of unemployment
These jobs are killing us mentally and physically, and can be disrespectful, and favoritism plays a role as well. They don’t want to pay for the amount of work that is given, they say you will always have a Job in the medical Field but they only people that make good money either works in the hospital or in HR but in other departments they don’t pay enough nor they don’t want to promote. A lot of these jobs can do remote work but it’s all about control and people are tired.
It's the pandemic that drove remote jobs up.  But certain people have a passion of in-person jobs, like myself. I'm the type that likes to be outside every chance I could.
Pay them and they will come, people needed the increase in minimum wage to live for decades
Anyone know the name of the virtual assistants website? I’ve been looking online and haven’t found it
I love biased coverage! Let’s completely ignore the vaccine mandate or democratic lead states. Who wants to live in a state where crime isn’t punished?!
It's because Biden administration is giving money to the unemployed people. It make these people lazy. Second the vaccine mandate. It is required.
So many ppl rather quit their jobs than get forced into Vaccine Mandates and low wages
"they found other opportunities they didn't just stay home"  mhm, and you know this how exactly?
Yeah im sure forcing vacation has nothing to do with people quitting their jobs...
During the pandemic, I lost my job. I was looking for a job at the time and never got one. I started to doubt myself, "Maybe I am not good enough, maybe I didn't smile enough during the interview, or maybe I am just not capable." A lot of things went through my head because I was/am wired to have a job. Then, I decided to look into stock investing, and I finally got into day trading. It is crazy because bills are real life bosses, and u suppose to keep fighting them over and over again.
Yes they are ! But they don’t pay good 15:50  is not enough rent is 1500 gas 4.89 a gallon no one can’t afford nothing but work for bills ! Is why is better to work for food and sleep in the street ... bring rents down ! And bring food down
Summary, people are quitting in blue states, moving to Red states, and living off unemployment.
Uninformative.  No new insight.
I tell you what's happening it's call BACKFIRED on companies and We NO LONGER NEED YOU as before... companies are choosing to hire a person that does not fit the job description due to many unethical reasons That person ends up leaving because they lack the skills for that position and cannot handle the duties Which leaves a company to continue in loosing money to orient and educate for the same roles
Should ask anyone on the streets...they will tell you why they quit
It’s almost like workers need to form coalitions that bargain collectively to protects rights, benefits and pay
My reason for quitting just three weeks ago mind you're right before 2022 is because I was working for this company and managers the owners harassing employees, not only that microaggressio , from sexual harassment you-name-it. creating a hostile environment... the owners have a camera in the store in the business and they listen to the employees conversation and put mployees against each other just that mess.. What do we do???
My perspective on this. There’s more jobs than ever. Some people don’t want to work, they depend on the small check the government sent to them. And that will stop soon. Not every person can become entrepreneur. You will work more and have to put more hrs.
This was a FANTASTIC segment. Really informative. I also appreciate the lack of music running through the background. Great stuff.
Could it be the Man Dates?  Gee I wonder...
J inslee mandated vaccines n all other mandated states
Bc of WOKE taxes and mandates
Employees: “we need better work conditions” Employers: “we need automation”
I call it courage. Well done all! May you all have blessed lives. Something good came out of this madness.
My son is doing  Instecart shopping on his own time and makes about 180$ to 250$ a day.
haha , tai thang viet kich ban no noi nhu dzay do :D:D
The pay and there not offering better pay , what a extra 50 cent 🤣
people are leaving liberal democrats state to conservative state for jobs.. interesting! lets go brandon!
Cause wages are too low to sustain current living costs!!!
What I notice is that all except one of the interviewees and guests in this segment are minorities. This is not by accident.
What a joke!
After they took rhe free ride on the rest of our shoulders for two years!  What a joke! I wouldn't hire anyone with a job lapse over the free for all period this bs administration has alloted!   Slackers!!!!!!
democrats and mandates
The pay they offer not worth working.
I agree 100 percent just turned down a job because of low pay it's nuts
How are Gen Z burnt out? They've  only just finished school.
Not to mention all new employees getting overpaid & employees that have worked at the job for years getting much lower pay wages. That will definitely make people leave & look for other jobs
ITS BECAUSE OF THE JABERWACKY! SPEAK THE TRUTH!!!
Sure, it's their choice to quit if they decide to, but that should not come with the expectation that they have a taxpayer funded income. My worry is that a dangerous precedent was started with money printing and stimulus payments.
The story also missed a key indicator: immigration. They are not coming here like before.  Covid and border issues have kept them away. I’m not surprised construction is having a hard time, but hospitality and healthcare employ a lot of new Americans. Then there is also the fact the we have burnt out healthcare workers the last two years.
A lot of comments on this thread praising people for quitting their jobs. Sure. Good for them. However, y’all are aware of the detriment its had on our society in many ways right??
This has been my reality since the pandemic hit thankfully I have been employed from the comfort of my home I don’t see myself going “into” an office space that isn’t my own 😅
The jobs available are for crapy low paid ones
We’re burned out from being burned out.  Simple as.
One word! Mandates!!
You mean you can’t get waiters and waitresses to  work for 2.50 an hour any more?? 🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️
What do you mean? They are making more sitting at home. Government handing out money like candy
Pay us better. We the people deserve it.
There's some good sources here, but I'm a bit surprised that the only 'worker that quit' they interviewed is someone who was working three jobs two months after quitting, seems like a bit of an outlier.
Is it really so hard to believe that people are not settling for employers that continue to take advantage of them?
Don't forget there were plenty of strikes because of unfair employment and benefits
I worked fine dining for several years Covid showed up and Kentucky shut down restaurants, I grew up laying tile with my step dad so I started my own tile business I have a family to worry about . A year later I’ve never been happier I’m not rich but I’m happy I have peace and most important to me I will not spend my life working for a huge cooperation that will replace me in a heartbeat and retire at 65  we the people are the prize jobs should be competing for us,  not us giving our lives to billionaires. Take a chance you only live once make yourselves happy find something you love to do and figure out a way to get paid for it. This one small change came from everyone being forced to figure it out my estimated unemployment was 300 every two weeks luckily I was able to keep myself afloat without it. I also don’t look down on anyone like I’ve seen other people do some people needed that unemployment check it’s all they had it was a bad move to steal jobs from people like that
I work for a large company and got hired to do job A.  I had 10 coworkers that did job A with me.  Then they came in and said they wanted us to do job B as well.  A couple people of people left.  Then they wanted us to do C and D which was previously done by the people that made more money than us.  More people left.  Now there are only 5 of us and we are doing 4 times the work with half the people with no increase in pay.  They didn't even bump us up to what they were paying the people that previously did half of what we do.  We are overworked and underpaid.  That is why people are leaving.
Give them health insurance, paid vacation,  a retirement, comp time with good pay.
People are leaving these liberal states that's what it is. What's the point of working hard if your not allowed to protect yourself and your things with out going to jail!!
The middle and lower class workers are in the bottom of the trough. And corporate America and the government are feeding from both sides of it.
It's a lack of mandatory vaccinations
Mandating is going to make it even worst
The government underestimated the people with all the Covid bs in reality people has it better with unemployment, they are traveling to vegas mexico you named it staying up late drinking partying every weekend they got the best income without needing to work  a day by day person brags about the stimulus and grants and how good they’re yes they want more virus bs because they like the money the government is so denial and dumb
Decades of STAGNANT WAGES or LOW WAGES bringing in CHEAP foreign labor on both ends of scale. There is - NO LOYALTY or sense of decency towards employees by companies. You wonder why people are quitting- what did the plutocrats and oligarchs expect????
They literary cap you are 39 hours to avoid paying for benefits, which is illegal
This past weekend my wife and I stopped in a local tavern to watch a football game. By the time of kickoff the place was swamped with patrons and the two girls behind the bar couldn’t keep up. The irony of it all I saw the owner of the place behind the bar counting money and doing other various things while these chicks were buried. I almost wanted to say something to the guy. Like hey man….you can’t help these girls until this rush is over?? You don’t have a half an hour or so to serve your customers and help your servers?? Guess not. I watched the guy walk out with his envelops. I don’t blame people for not wanting these jobs. However if the public enjoys bars, restaurants and hotels etc., we’re gonna have to figure out a solution the suits and benefits everyone. A woman I’ve known for years has had a successful pub for close to 30 years. She can only open 4 days a week cause she doesn’t have anyone. I know for a fact that bartenders there were making $200-$300 for 6-8hr shift. That ain’t bad money.
I left and in search of a new position. A lot of temp to hire. :'/
Any thing before allowing a maggot cacaroach communist democrats take your freedom.
It's called karma! Now employer's see & feel how employees been feeling for years!
Come work in juarez México 🇲🇽... You will see its better to work in América.. I would love to work in América...😥
Who quit!? Must got a hefty savings account!!
Why is cause EMPLOYERS ARE LYING ABOUT PAY, HOURS AND BONUSES AND NOT KEEPING THEIR EMPLOYEES SAFE NOT AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did we ask to be BORN!??
Why work?? No
Why??   BECAUSE who wants to work??   We’re are just slaves born in to work??
60 minutes used to be a show i had high respect for.   Now it feeds the woke narrative fire
We have a consumer based economy what part of that the government and states doesn't understand?
The pandemic forced people to look at their options. New jobs & industries/ rising tech lead to a lot of people making a leap.
People tired of that trash pays $10 an HR ain't much .🤷🏾 It's a slap in the face to be honest.
It's still not enough pay not even close the real estate industry has squeezed every penny from us
Masks and vaccine mandates. Who needs that crap!
Sounds like it's finally switching from people need jobs to jobs need people
Good video.  I also quit my (good-paying) job of 18 years recently.   ...For many reasons.   I worked in a public high school.
Westerners white peoples are lazy and high maintenance. You won’t see this in Asian and Latin nation.
They're making almost as much Sitting at home and they don't have to pay rent or mortgage...why work ?
So,  when is trickle supposed to happen? Just cause someone isn't rich or have a great job does not mean they are lazy or lack effort.  It does in some cases,  but not all.  People need to realize that not everyone get dealt the same cards and/or have the same luck.  I have had a solid paying job for 15 years,  but I see it through friends and family members
It’s about time they employees have the upper hand. There’s enough bully managers out there making their employees’ lives miserable,and too many jobs with so-called “benefits” of a gratuitous two week vacation, along with in a few gratuitous personal and sick days.   It’s no wonder people are stressed to the max, out of shape physically, and on so many antidepressants and anti-anxiety medications.  With the kind of hours people work, especially those single people with with children, how is anyone supposed to get anything done? There’s laundry to do groceries to buy, cars to get maintained, doctors appointments to attend, meals to make, and maybe, just maybe a vacation here and there. COVID notwithstanding, seems like the best thing that’s happened in decades.  Lastly, I think it should be illegal for companies not to post salary ranges. It puts people in very compromising positions and wastes a lot of time. What’s the point of applying for a job only to find out the pay is abysmally low?
You can't buy and sell without the mark so people are going to take freedom and not debt $lavery anymore. Dead idol money is not life. It's the wages of debt, tresspass sin that is death. We the people are the capital means of production and money is the hinderence of our freedom to produce. Debt $lavery to money make$ more debt $lavery to money. Freedom makes more freedom.
People are sick of soulless work at meager wages. A lot of people I know are downsizing and working the jobs they want to work.
You have to work to get unemployment but it does run out, never been un disability so Idk about that
why would i want to put up with medical association bullsh##...fu** ;your stupid system.  time to bring out the pitchforks and shovels!
taxes and inflation people are depressed watching the country fall apart.
I’m North Carolina, you can literally make 2800 a month and just have interviews.
Yeah ima quit my job I’ve though I missed the train.
Too pampered. No skill but expect car, house, boat n beer. Send these to Congo. They will come back looking for a job.
I quit
I bet if they ease the restrictions for ex felons to gain employment the gap would shorten
And on top they force you to get jab
Where are the other 47 minutes?
The other part of that is a lot more people of died because of Covid and there’s not as many people that have been born in the past 20 years to take the place of the boomers that are retiring.
And. It is long over due Remote employees.. wow novel concept.
Lack of appreciation. I think about walking out of my education job everyday
I just started school again September 2021….. Dec I told my job that I would be leaving at the end to focus on school. They told me it was bad timing me leaving because they finally negotiated a raise from $16 to $18. Sounds great right? However, since I have school now Monday - Fridays, I had to readjust my schedule to where I can work only weekends that way I can focus on school during the week.  - Now, that I’m working only 2 days, I’m getting less hrs so even if I’m at $18 an hr now, I’m still making roughly the same amount of money (if not less) as I did before the pay raise and and schedule change. So I totally understand why people are leaving. A career is worth stressing over. A JOB isn’t.
Yeah they’re doing exactly what the Republicans kept whining about.  They’re quitting their low paying jobs and getting better paying jobs.
The msm need to ask why ?
I’m sure it’s NOT because people are forced out for taking an experiential drug that doesn’t work as well as an 8 cent generic drug.
People realized they were getting paid at 1980 rates. I joined NY Telephone in 1977. By 1981, I was a technician making $11/hour, with full benefits, pension and there was no such thing as a co-pay. Oh yeah, I was a union member. I wonder if that had anything to do with it.
People are realizing the rat race is for the rats.
Who wants to wear a mask all day and be forced to take an experimental shot for a job that doesn’t pay enough? It’s pretty obvious if you were doing honest journalism.
I haven’t even made it to the minute mark and I already spotted a false take.. they’re hiring with better pay??? Seriously? Now how’s that “better pay” going to help with a $1,000 rent.. and also no the employers are not giving out better pay..
90% of the time it's not the job, but management.
I've worked in the hospitality industry for 24 years, and I can tell you this:  it has never been worse!!!  Aside from the nearly criminally low pay and less-than stellar working conditions in the industry, the stress of the pandemic appears to have made hotel guests assume they have free license to be miserable, hateful, abusive, unappreciative, demanding, infantile shrews.  They seem not to understand that hospitality industry workers are not only feeling the same pandemic stress that they are, but at an even higher level because of having to deal with the stressed-out public every day.  Every week, I contemplate leaving my current employer of five years , and I am currently looking at the online job boards for my local area, but I loathe the thought of having to take a cut in pay (which would be put me barely above survival wages) because I'd be starting out at "new hire" wages with another employer.  In addition, my current owner does pay 100% of my health insurance premium every month (which is why I've been there five years).  Given the ridiculously astronomical cost of health insurance (which for me would be three times higher still if not for the Affordable Care Act) having to pay a portion of my low wages at a new job toward overpriced health insurance is prohibitive.
Stupid 60 minutes, don't put government issued shots as an ultimatem in order to keep a job. You are part of the problem 60 minutes, quit acting innocent
Because the Government is paying people to stay home 🙄
Because they’re are a lot of jobs. Left a bad job for a better one. Wages are up.
Support Legislation in NJ and NY to BAN COURT ORDERED RAPE!
People are forgetting the one reason perfectly match to the dump in employment, covid. There was a mass dump of employees when they decided to mandate vaxx to people unwilling to take it. Although having jobs with businesses that demanded all and expected to return nothing was probably a catalyst,  it goes to show people are not going to have things introduced into their bodies because big brother or its corperate buddies expect them to.
Yea, it is creating a shift - the great awakening, where the people take back the power through our choices and your media monopoly comes to an end 😊 thanks for giving us an update on our consciousness awakening - we want to do what we LOVE first paid second; not enslaved into positions that benefit systems and structures that work against us the people .
Too many Karen's making people quit.Plus no rent pay + employers added mask enforcement + c-19 spread from anti maskers is a lot of stress
Build back worse!
When Pandemic hits, lazy bones found their excuses.
Unemployment ran out a long time ago. That's not a thing.
It's Simple raise the pay you greedy mother Fuckers. What's its like to have a taste of your own medicine?  You don't own us.
I quit my job about 4 months back. I was working sixteen hours a day six days a week. Making really good money. Unfortunately my dad passed away and my job did not want to give me time off. I decide for my mental health and we'll being to leave the job. They tried to convince me to stay but I knew they didn't care about me at all. It was in my best interest to leave.
They need to raise pay 💰 an hour!
"Generous" stimulus payments???? Seriously?
Sounds like yall need all the Mexican people yall deported
I retired in November at 63. Just couldn't do it anymore. The COVID office place was so deserted and depressing. I never thought I would retire this early. Thank goodness for Healthcare.gov for my medical insurance at $68 a month.
In USA the government does not take care of people housing/healthcare or food and transportation, this is left to the employers. The housing and healthcare needs of employees and even transportation and food is left to the employers who need to pay enough money to cover these expenses. This is the system that exists here in USA. When employers do not cover these, for whatever reason, we have a big problem.
5:50 That should tell you it's not all about the money as much as finding something meaningful.  The less you pay your employees, the more they will demand.  Those who have plenty and demand more are the ones you won't mind losing.
What they are not saying is everyone in San Francisco and New York are moving because the taxes are high high crime, and homelessness are big problems! Their state governors and mayors that are Democrats are running their cities to the ground!
Covid vaccine mandates also play a roll in it
I can tell you why so many people are leaving the hospitality and customer service sectors. The pandemic has turned average consumer into an animal. I can't tell you how my times I've personally have been cursed at for enforcing a mask policy, or just any policies in general and I bet the same goes for many workers in the same industry. Customers are becoming less thoughtful towards employees, and employees have ran out of patience. Being under paid and unrespected is a recipe for mass resignation. Why is everyone in the news so surprised about this.
Because Jor Biden keeps printing out money or pausing rent or child tax credit. This causes people not to take jobs seriously.  Let alone caused inflation to increase. If you really want people to want to keep their jobs then stop printing out money. Then the workers won't have no choice but to keep their job because they need it to buy food.
because we spend most our time at work and to keep us sane........help us make a living
Oooo omg I can’t wait to quit my job
What no one is talking about is that women are quitting in droves because that's what happens when you close schools and day cares! Who the heck is supposed to watch their kids while they work?! I know many women forced to quit in the last year for this reason, NOT because they are "burnt out"! In fact they are desperate and WANT to work. Ending up homeless and/or on welfare isn't their first choice. But keeping schools and day cares closed means moms are forced to quit and stay home. Especially for jobs you CAN'T work from home, like retail, fast food, hospitality... Come on people. This isn't rocket science.
fake
Another thing they didn’t mention is that some companies only hire ppl that are vaccinated
More likely it's the vax mandates
There being very picky who they will hire if your older white dude good luck
Usps is a toxic environment I want to leave but I can't
Anybody know that desk thing she has at 13:15? Looks like something I need to get for my living room.
Simple.... The RICH is scared of losing their cheap Slaves... most full time Employees have to live with roommates just  to have a roof over their heads meanwhile The owners and CEO are sleeping comfortable in their sweet little 10 bedrooms Mansion....
Some places only hire people because someone passes the place and looks at it.
Where my other 47 minutes?
Did you seriously only interview owners and CEOs and not any of the actual workers? You’re a joke
And once again no common people interviewed 🤦 we are the majority ....Hello !
They failed to mention the toxic work culture that is prevalent in the workplace.
I love it jobs jobs jobs interviews interviews interviews but no hire no hire no hire
Workers have had time to realize they’re worth more than what they have settled for from employers who couldn’t care less about their employees. A lot are starting their own businesses so they don’t have to answer to a boss.
What youre seeing here is the beginning of the realization that labor for income = survival is becoming more and more outdated.
TOXIC WORK ENVIRONMENTS.  Plain and simple.  Narcissistic leaders.
The curses are real fam. Yal can't escape your fall
Revolution of 1847 anyone?
How is the average person (non CEO, entrepreneur)  along ends meet after quitting?  That is the question that needed some investigation. Not everyone has an online job, I would assume.
https://youtu.be/brw-jN9b-Sg?t=236 If you doubled your revenue, I assumed you've given around 25% raises?
May be a wake up call to raise minimum wage to a living wage. Also been waiting 3 years to move to the US with my wife ( im aussy shes US) . Let me in ill work.
Hawaii won't let you collect unemployment
Because they're being fired. Duh.
Lack of respect, mistreatment from their employers and the ridiculous low pay versus the high job stress and crazy inflation. The corporations and the government are making huge revenues, the front line workers are making chump chain.
people cannot afford to work.
Their being forced out over not taking poison.
Cause they no that most of America's wealth belongs to a tiny percentage of the population??Maybe??lol..
The second you’re more loyal to your company than it is to you it’s time to leave.
I’ve worked since I was 15 years old and continue to do so at 70 . I feel I’m worth something as long as I work and feel more alive doing so .
All the boss bonuses 20k plus regular employees $10 hrs or 28k a year .we quite everyones quite.
Well, What did you think would happen when the government mandated employers to force  their employees to get the jab? 🤷🏽‍♀️
The reason why people don’t wanna go back to work and why are they keep quitting her job as is we have been made slaves in our own country they have basically throughout the entire federal labor standard like the state of Mississippi The tales the entire nation in the world that the employer owns the employee hello don’t you know what slavery looks like they don’t come with chains anymore it comes with morons and people they won’t stand up with their rights to those morons
“If you don’t work you don’t 🍜🥗🍲🥘Eat “ #🖕🏽U Pay 💰 Mee
I hope to see some big corporations go down like bank of America or wells Fargo. These companies are the most greedy companies out there. That's why they have survived a long time not because they are a honest company it's because they are dirty companies.
I love it! Moms are going to stayat home and raise their own kids!
Cause they trying to hit lics and scheming
Walking away from my job was one of the best decisions I have ever made. I was immediately hired by a better employer who offered benefits and I love going to my new job where I feel respected.
Saw an article about a guy that applied for 60 open positions, and got ONE interview. There isn't a personnel shortage. It's all orchestrated by big corporations that are in on it with Boden and the Demon elitists.
They're trying to get away from the liberal nightmare cities ..
No mystery why UNIONS are trending fast …
It’s not called the big quit boomers and boomers are retiring
How many people have you interviewed?
if the job dont pay the rent, what good is the job?
I’ll tell you why. Inflation on everything but lower the wages and give crazy hours so we can’t spend time with our families.
Let's just ignore the vaccine mandates
You stupid people managed to make an article about workers quitting into an article about people who own businesses batching about how people just dont want to work we are fed up with the boss Makin a dollar and we are all making pennies
I receive notices for jobs l know nothing and did not apply.   Social Security says l am permanently disabled.  Yet people say they have no money.
If these jobs were so good wouldn’t their positions be filled?
I would say half of it has to do with vaccine mandate. Plus if you pay people to stay home what do you expect? I could of made 3 times more money if I got fired. But quitting your job is not the answer.
Oh wait, y’all forgot to mention favoritism, sexual harassment, lack of respect, disrespect, and lack of compassion.   Did I mention favoritism and toxic work environments?
They all suck, plus we have so many options why settle
I have enough gig work options and pay that I could quit my normal 8-5 job anytime I want. Update : I did just that in early March, both to get out of W-2 work and go to a new area. Olympia WA to the Phoenix area now.
60 minutes is a shell of what it use to be. Lol
Not enough money
You guys suck
You guys are asking the wrong questions…..60 minutes is a shell of what it used to be
What a bunch of losers… the great homeless is coming..
funny how 11 million drivers licenses are suspended and 11 million missing workers.  Give us our licenses back and fix the problem.
It's a Capital Strike.
Sick of the disrespect and mandating vaccines
My 17 year old tried to find a job this year applied to 15 jobs and not a single call back. So if companies were really hurting for employees they would do so. What is happening is these companies found out how much of a bigger profit they make without all the employees and act like they can't find people so that they can keep their profit big.
Can't take it anymore... Been treating us like crap for too long and we have nothing to show for decades of work
Employers don't give a crap about the employees. They want the employees to sacrifice their life so them company can make money and not give any rewards to the employees for the sacrifices are making for their family and their lives. That's why it's not that hard to figure it out
After 50 years of making the one percent richer, the workers are starting to wake up. We need a new workers' bill of rights, like $15 min and a three day weekend.
I really feel it is because of all the deaths from the pandemic, people got scared and also went into YOLO mode.
Make a new vid, one where qualified people ARENT getting hired, i believe we have a new game being played......
Everybody has a right to find a better job.  Unfortunately, this tight labor market won't last long.  So, make your move now!
Not one mention of people leaving or choosing not to work because folks aren't willing to be vaccinated. Great "journalism"!!
Huge paradigm shift in the way we work. People are fed up.
Easy. They're not getting paid enough. People just care about themselves. Ego and greed.
Follow the way France treats its employees. People will come back to work.
Plus some employers are not willing to train people with little or no experience.
Elders are retiring/Younger folks are making a huge mistake. They’ll lose skills. Unfortunately they’ll return asking for more than they are worth. The great resignation will lead to more talent coming in from abroad. Just give it time to backfire.
PAY WORKERS DECENT WAGES AND QUIT RIPPING OFF HARD WORKING AMERICANS AND THE ANSWERS WILL BE FOUND!!
I am actually able to request hire pays as an educator with a BA and.working on MA, now employers have to agree to my terms.
Americans work ethics aren’t like the way they used to be. They want more money and benefits for less work.
I hope this opens the eyes of people that motherhood is the most important job. We need mothers to raise our children not daycares and public schools. Go family values.
Blame Biden.
The end is near!
pay a living wage, if you can't afford to do that you shouldn't be in business
What garbage. Lies.
CHILD CARE!!! Schools are open then closed every time they find another child with Covid 19 because children cannot be vaccinated
It blows my mind that people blame unemployment benefits for this job crisis. First, they aren't forever. Second, the benefits vary state by state and lasts, at the most, 26 weeks. Third, it speaks volumes about how Americans have their priorities completely upside down. Its fine and never gets questioned the billions of dollars spent every year on military equipment but as soon as you start helping poor and lower class folks with Government money we start making accusations and calling our fellow Americans lazy. For small business owners its harder to navigate in these times because they don't usually make millions of dollars in profits, but big corporations do and they still pay their employees crappy salaries and benefits.
Trump 2024
The biggest question is how these people survive without steady income?
Should not shut down let the weak parish
Worked in management for a fortune 100 corporation for 30 years. Retired five years ago. The ENTIRE time it was a toxic nightmare. I have frequent nightmares.
More money absolutely
Stop buying from Amazon people it's the brick and mortar killer, don't allow companies to hire robots like Amazon and Walmart are doing. That's why I buy everything from Sears & Kmart instead
I'll give you a hint, people do not want to get vaxxed. Can't blame them, not like the 💉 will offer Any protection
"Do the data tell you why?" Good England
Fat paycheck makes mine sing with no taxes
Yeah nothing to do with the mandate of an untested vaccine...
Joe Hitler Biden sucks that's why
There was Megan Greenwell's New York Times article I came across that discusses why should you love your job if your job does not love you back. How apt is that 2019 article is now.
*I dont think it's it's pay. I work in food industry and we do our best to keep up with pay. We've even adjust labor to have more headcount in operations. From what I've seen is just freaking laziness. I blame myself because my generation didn't punch them in the mouth to keep them in line. Now you see early 20s living with mom and dad and they don't care. They have nothing to lose.  They soft. You give them coaching and it hurts their feelings. They quit.* *The expectations of life is softing up, people want more pay for less work.* Corona virus made people lazy.
I like working with people because it makes the week go by and I make friends. Yeah people suck but if you’re always home then you suck. 😁
And crime
End the face mask requirements
where in the name of God do they get these numbers from????      are they only interviewing people who support there narrative ?    Very LITTLE of this is true....
How are people paying their bills?
I came down with planters fascitis at my last job... in both feet. They kept hounding me to pick up extra days, but i knew if i stopped working they would fire me.  So i kept my 4 days a week barely making it. Then corona hit and i knew I had to leave.  If i left 2 months earlier I would have never been able to receive unemployment, during corona, and learn how to code in the comfort of my home while i heal.
The decline in retail and hospitality can be attributed to the decline in social graces. People are a lot more rude and inconsiderate than ever before, on both sides.
They just want to work from home. That’s what this is about. What kind of world will this be? People do not want to go out Bc work? What will happen to human contact?  This is another extreme. Working remotely is not a terrible problem. The issue is the lack of human contact. A society that engages with each other 85% of the time behind a screen will prove to be a problem. Why can’t we find a balance?
SHUT IT DOWN
Imagine if half of these people actually did their jobs to begin with..that would be great.
With migrants coming in by the 1000s they will take the jobs.. Just wish i was young enough to work with so many good jobs openings comming.
Don’t mandate the vaccine
First world problems lol
PUT YOUR TRUST IN YAHUAH
THERE ARE NO BENEFITS
I'm actually very proud for once employees have the power and option to choose what they want to do.
I worked retail for years. It sucks. The pay sucks. The hours suck. The medical care or lack of sucks. Now add the masks (at least where I live) and there is another level of sucks. I don’t know how many of the big retail places are asking people to be jabbed but that adds another layer. Why would anyone go back to all that if they didn’t have to?
Narrative of the elites every journalist only covers the ultra rich interests!
If you could interview at least 10 people from 25 million instead of these CEO’s
BLESSED ARE THE POOR
Millennials don’t want to work. They want to get on social media and make easy money. They do not want to learn, grow and establish any kind of work ethic. Again, this is mainly millennials . People who have full fledge families and have been working for 20- 30 years are not quitting.  The U.S. is going to be forced to hire illegal immigrants and migrants. The larger corporations will just move overseas.
Because they don't want the jab.
Good luck getting a good paying job with the attitude some of these people have. You might be able to demand to work at home and demand certain hours and actually get a job, but I guarantee you won’t ever advance in salary at the rate that you would want for yourself or for your future. Funny how they thru in the line about people that don’t want to go back, or are being too picky, will eventually have to go back when their savings is depleted and power is switched back to employers. I hope no one ever gets to that point where they make decisions to stay out of work until the deplete their savings. Be smart and you’ll be a lot happier as a human being.
Amazing how no one from 25 million “that quit” people were not interviewed like as if we don’t speak English ! Wow
GENERATION Z SAW PARENTS ABUSED WORKING LONG HOURS TO GET AHEAD IN COMPANY? They don’t want to be SLAVES LIKE THEIR PARENTS? Who What’s a Job if your EXPECTED TO MULTI TASK DUTIES OUTSIDE YOUR JOB DESCRIPTION???? BAD MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS ARE THE PROBLEM! “AGE DISCRIMINATION,” & hire Kids lower price…. Someone is getting a BONUS?  AMERICA ADOPT A 4 day work week 10 hours a day.  3 day Weekends????  Federal Gov. work with Big Business to Establish New Part time Jobs with Training  new Job skills for Friday, Saturday, or Sunday? BIG OIL WILL OPPOSE THIS DUE LOSS OF PROFITS AS USA GETS AWAY FROM FORGIN OIL? Hydrogen, Natural Gas, Bio Diesel & Hybrids technology’s need be Adapted Everyday life.
Grasping  employers want, not a job well done but wish to own their workers ,the carers who look after my wife,and are on a minimum wage structure Were told to give ten  pounds  donation to buy the company  owner a luxury bag to show their ^appreciation ^  of her efforts ,and you wonder why people are peed off
Wages may have increased but so has job responsibility and the cost of living! When things really don't equal out, people are tired of killing themselves at a job and find themselves still struggling to get ahead!
People not working because they know they don't have a future.. Biden wrecked us...plus vaccine mandates
vaccine mandates.
The result of "trickle down economics" & "bail outs", the beneficiaries were NOT the employees!!
No people are just F#ckin lazy at least my family works
Living wages needed
Living wages bri
Democratic policies have run California and New York into the ground and so now people are leaving for red states. Shocking, I know
Having a job means self respect and providing for your family not living off the system jobs are paying more than ever Still many choose not to work the Democrats love this when citizens are reliant on the government The media driven supposed pandemic has really softened America
I’m thinking it’s more people left. Nonessential jobs bc once America decides which variant is bad enough to shut down. And nonessential workers lose first
This is not true. There has never really been a labor shortage. Nepotism and unqualified screeners along with "applicant tracking software" are why "everyone's hiring, but nobody's getting hired."
At last people are waking up to the gross exploitation of the work force ,no dignity ,working hard to maintain an existance ,the rich getting rich ,the poor poorer, No career ladder ,
mRNA is an experiment. The inventor, Dr Robert Malone said it was never intended for human use. These vaccines are approved by the FDA only for emergency use. Once injected, may God help you. There’s no turning back.
Because they are getting money from unemployment.. this isnt rocket science.  Cut off the social services and boom.. suddenly the job marker will be booming.  And way to forcibly inject the “its not just the social benefits”.. it is. You can’t not work. They are still getting paid and this is a propaganda piece.
Easy. The government is doing the 1%’s dirty work and bullying citizens into taking forced medical procedures that are injected into their body. Many still believe in freedom and the constitution and the bill of (human) rights. The government of a free and Democratic society has no business forcing such totalitarian policy’s on any citizen. So they reject it dissent and stand for freedom.
We are sick of begging so we are just giving up
Couldn't be a mandate problem... Take an experimental drug that you can't sue the manufacturer if there is a complication, witch there are. And the effectiveness of said drug is questionable at best. Or find a new job... I wonder what is happening?
How can you quit and eat ????
Live your higher self call, dont get burnout in a boring job for years. May your job be just a casual thing and your real calling your life.
Why wasn't the truth told about the main reason for people quitting their jobs? We all know it's because of the vaccine mandate and how people do not care to receive it.
No one sitting at home collecting a check. Our focus changed hospitality does not build homes or create generational wealth
YOUR NOT MENTIONING THE FACT THAT THESE SO CALLED JOBS FALSLY ADVERTISING HIGHER THAN MINIMUM WAGE, BUT DURING THE INTERVIEWS THEY TRY TO DROP BACK TO MINIMUM WAGE!
Bidens America frree stuff for everyone
Just in case you haven't heard... God so loved the world He gave His son Jesus that whoever believes in Jesus will have everlasting life. John 3:16 Please believe and repent from your sin today. Eternity in heaven should not be taken lightly, dont be left behind. Love Y'all
Buy a big house? With a job in the restaurant industry? How?
Because many are mandating and people want the freedom to choose.
Damn her first sentence hit it. We are sick of living to work. Working to just get by. Meaningful fulfillment from our labor is the human desire. Under paid working for disrespectful employers can no longer be tolerated. We want to live not just survive. No one is sitting at home we moved on. We learned that we have a choice we dont have to settle. We want time with our families. Purse passions. Have time and finances to be helpful to our communities. Tired of paid slavery.
the root cause were seen as crystal clear, your own nation rulers set this up on purpose, cheap labour and self aware encouraging that your hardworks are being their ongoing process in resources  for them.who'll be funding for the middle east boss if it wasn't you then?
Agenda 30 and the Great Reset. NWO
It has always been "workers deserve more and employers want to pay the least they can" BUT in the past we have had the philosophy of don`t quit until you have something new AND OF COURSE pursue your passion but keep your day job. IT is the exact OPPOSITE now, which has never happened before. SO we will see how this turns out. I have never seen so many empty shelves in stores, every business has a for hire sign  and the cargo ships are still lined up off Long Beach . Something is different in America now...
….I hope this is the time for employers to think about paying employees/workers that REAL/livable/comfortable wage.  What would be the point to work and need that social assistance at the same time?…obviously, it doesn’t make any sense.
They’ll all be replaced by illegals…we’re all corporate slaves
people in my country want to have jobs.. give it to them
This why I like unions they aren't the best but it makes companies accountable and force them to negotiate rights and wages
People are tired of helping the rich get richer.
They didn’t interview actual workers 🙄
They quit the new administration
This report absolutely and completely missed the mark.  Oh how far 60 Minutes has fallen….
They know they won't get there SS from the taxes they pay now. The Child support comes first before you can have enough gas money to keep the car running for the heat 20 mins each hr so u won't freeze to death and can get a little rest "American Dream"? you have to be asleep to believe it
It's because ppl have become ungrateful bathroom vandals and just plain mean
More women are opting to stay home with their children, so they can home school. Many are not happy with the public school system.
Mostly people refuse to get a vaccine to get or keep a job. Not constitutional!
I hate those remote call center training classes. They hire the slowest most remedial ppl in the world..these ppl  dont even know how to open a second browser..Dont forget the a$$ kissers that still get let go at the end of the day. The trainers treat you like a 5 year old. Please raise ur head to go to the bathroom, I need someone to read out loud, must be on cam so I can babysit.. smh ughh
Forced home staying opened eyes of society. Not allowing to go to work caused society to take a look at life & decided they'll go after what they've always wanted
People are tired of being treated like garbage and refuse to get a covid vaccine. I just went through it. So sick of the nonsense. Thankfully the Supreme Court blocked Biden’s unconstitutional mandate. Time for class action lawsuits! 🤷🏻‍♂️💯
I live in the French Quarter in New Orleans. I am a vibrant, still active 73. A skilled, mature worker. I am often 'discouraged' from applying - despite my years as a NYC building superintendent, my excellent command of language, my waitress and sales experience, my writing skills, and three years returning to school, in my 50's - at Columbia University!! So, with all these aces up my sleeve: I have to ask myself what's really going on. Nobody snaps up an unusual person like me?? Fine, employers - it's YOUR loss.  I have other active senior colleagues who would also love to be working again, part time, and they get the same short shrift. No wonder the prevailing mentality is 'if you don't care, why should I?" in the job market..?
Employers never appreciated employees karma
PPL don't know what to do! They aren't trained and getting training is a huge issue for us!!!!!
Getting paid, no deductions, to not work. Why go back?
We get scraps while our employers jack up prices and somehow they expect us to just keep showing up. We can't live off of the pennies they give us so why give up our lives and precious little time.
Lazy and spoiled
If it were all fun,then it wouldn't be called work
Because companies don’t wanna pay over 20$ and we need at 100$ to buy groceries for the week.🤷🏾‍♀️
If you've to ask, you're just a tone-deaf democrat.
Who wants to work anywhere if they're forcing to take away your rights.
There is no work force shortage, there are a lot of people out there who can work, they are just deciding not to and on the other hand, for some reason businesses need workers but are hardly hiring anyone.
Why is this so hard for people to understand? This has nothing to do with employers or employees. This is economic depression and nothing else.  In history, economic depressions caused crashes because money was generated by showing up for work. Nowadays, work exists online. People will work for people and ideas they love when given the choice.
Sheep that live on CNN, ABC, NBC, etc....
No you do not pay enough to make end meet. And employers offer nothing but say you can be replaced for anything.
When I was growing up in the 50s and 60s ,there were 3 restaurants in my town. Today ,there are 37.  We recently decided to make our own food and with some practice,it is far better, safer and cheaper than going out to eat.
No one mentions the elephant in the room, what do these quitters do about health insurance in our ridiculous health-care-tied-to-employment system?
Remote job aren’t fun when an employer installs a chip in your computer and watches your mouse to be moving at all times except 15 min in the am 15 min in the after and a 30 min lunch.
The time of the gentile nations has been furfilled by TMH God. HalleluYah APTTMHY May The King 👑👑👑 Reign FOREVER 🌈🌈🌈.
If Biden forces more mandates, you will see a lot more leaving their jobs.
They keep saying that the perspective employees have the upperhand, totally not true.  IF you can get past the initial algorithms then maybe you have some leverage, but getting past the computers is a big challenge. Unless you want to work in retail or a service industry. I have several years of supervisory and management experience, but no BA, so most companies won't even talk to me.
No mentions of the free money being given out by the socialist, all the other things that ACTUALLY are the driving factors behind this... But I've come to expect the truth NOT to be mentioned by MSM
This all started with covid and the government's response to it. People got used to being paid to stay at home and do nothing.
the rich greed destroy this country and politician
Linked in is only for the elite workforce not for the workforce that keeps the country moving. The workforce that actually experiences physical labor.
I quit semiconductor job in CA after 27 years, moved and retired early, I plan on starting my own business. Covid made me realize I was done with Silicon Valley. New adventure ahead or just enjoy life finally.
Because  they get better  being unemployed  thank to our idiot president
The manufacturers, wholesalers, the house developers, taxes will back fire on themselves for inflation which will trigger exodus for better wages to offset living and the future.
these are amazon type temp jobs that no one wants..no good pay,no stable employment in a country where nothing is being built or lack of heavy industry and the news people seem surprised...hhmmmm...well its Chinas world now..perhaps theyll make it better..
These jobs were pathetic and dogging their employees out.  No better for them.
Now is the greatest time in the world to get a job and get the job you’ve always wanted. You have to use your head. If you can’t figure out how to make money for yourself then you have to work for someone. If you can’t afford to do what makes your heart sing find a better job.
cause we are all burnt the f out at this point - our employers take full advantage of us at every point we get
Because government has been given everyone fee checks and child care fee money
if minimum wage had kept up with inflation it would be over twenty dollars.
Crypto 👨‍🚀
I work in the construction industry as a concrete cutter and and the problem is the pay I make $24 an hour in Arizona and it's not enough I live by myself my rent was just doubled  and every day I'm  thinking dude I can quit there's other jobs that are easier physically that pay more the only problem is I like my job and I get very very good hours I get an insane amount of overtime so that's the reason why I haven't quit yet but we as the workers have more power now than we ever had
Cut off welfare and government freebees.  Problem solved.
I've talked to a few people that said they quit because all these new hires are getting these sign on bonuses and extra incentives  but the people that tufted out and stayed with these companies all throughout the pandemic weren't getting the raises and the extra incentives that they deserved as well as people realizing that they can work for them selves a lot easier these day
Because jobs pay crap and I don’t want to waste my life away
I was tired of being stuck in a cubicle
Ok. Let's hurry up and build those robots to do the 'non-preferred' jobs.
You did a crap job on this 60min
Workers don’t want to wear masks or be forced to get jabbed.
They’re not they are getting money from gov tyranny ect eventually all gov and private need to be exposed for what it is you walk over edible wild plants buying poisonat the store waste time at work enable evil every breath
Oh yeah that amazing $1,200 I got two years ago it's totally keeping me from working or that unemployment that ended seven months ago is also doing it
A great career or job sometimes, and maybe most of the time, it's who you know!
The number of events involving bratty, entitled customers who abuse employees in the service industry is the major factor.  You can't pay people any amount to put up with disrespect and nastiness for months and years.
Retail workers especially restaurant get paid like nothing and then they wonder why people don't want to work. It seems like people at the top need to be a little less greedy and then they'll have workers again
Four years this past decade they've been talkin about how Americans work the most and work more than every Other developed nation in terms of hours putting where Americans would take their work with them whether it be home or vacation and then they're wondering why Americans are burnt out and after the pandemic are really reflected on how they don't want to work anymore
Two words: vaccine mandates
I am not demeaning low paying minimum wage jobs, but entry level jobs should have the most lenient and forgiving requirements; everybody needs to start somewhere and you are gonna pay them minimum wage even less at some so why are you looking for absurd requirements out of a job applicant that only applies for a food server, kitchen helper, line cook, waiter, gas station worker, factory worker? Bottom of the barrel positions and you are asking for skills and experience like they are applying for a managerial position? along with the age discrimination on job applicants, its so stupid, discriminatory and will discourage applicants due to the ridiculous requirements.
You cannot control everyone with your lies MSM
🎥 “BIDEN: Simply The Worst Ever!”
Hey of people are livable wage and you will have working it’s not that difficult to realize why people are not returning to work it’s not worth it to go out risk your life for nothing like the man said revenue has doubled every year in the company but salaries have continued to drop,
It’s a long story but starts in 1971 with the Nixon Shock
I feel like more people are on social media getting paid more money Tic tok, Facebook
I'll really love it when they stop referencing schools as if the older a school is the better it is just because older Elite schools hold social prestige in currency that doesn't mean that the school or any person that graduate from that school is in objective or all-knowing authority. It doesn't really have anything to do with her per se just the practice and not to mention they will let you go at any point and leave you out to dry  Why do you think hustle culture and antiwork rhetoric has been so big
Are Western Europeans, Canadians and Japanese also quitting their jobs?   If the answer is "NO" - then the cause could be Unions.  Western Europe and Japan union participation is higher than the USA.  Americans who quit don't know what to do.  They hate unions so they leave and then when they run out of money return back to the job force :)
It makes more financial sense to employ people remotely. When the pandemic hit the company I work for cancelled their lease with several buildings they rented. Most doctor appointments are now virtual and because of this they were able to condense their providers to clinic buildings they own. I work in a hospital though and I can tell you I have never in my 24 years of experience seen the situation we are in now where people are turning down full time benefited positions for “on call” or per diem work. People would rather do this with several hospitals and make their own hours instead of work full time at one place. I just sat in an interview today where we basically offered the applicant several positions and let him decide what he wanted. We are hiring basically everyone we interview because we can’t afford to be choosy. New graduates have their pick of jobs at this point. The good news is that this competition is bringing up peoples salaries closer to an actual living wage. I think a lot of people are going the entrepreneur route or self employing.
Well I know why construction is struggling. They got 80 supervisors and 2 workers.
Lies lies lies .. Americans taking a break ???? We are struggling with bills and money and doing 2 jobs
Not getting the vaccine or having to wear a mask isn't people choosing not to work is forcing them
They don’t want to pay!  They don’t want to give good benefits! They don’t want to give you LIVABLE WAGES ANNNNDDD LIVABLE HOURS!
All biased crap ..
60 min lying machine
They are quitting their jobs because they will not be forced to get an injection they don't want.  Anyone with an ounce of common sense can see it.
If you don't know why, you are in the wrong business. I've turned down 3 job offers in 2021 because I refuse to work for chump change when piggy CEO's make bank on my back.
Covid immunization requirements 👎👎👎👎
Could it have anything to do with vaccine mandates?
Thanks to those who quit, im now even more valuable and paid more. 👍
Lo pay for work
People can’t afford to work at crap jobs anymore rent is 1000+ in the ghetto. They also don’t want to work for lazy idiots and with lazy idiots. Also a lot of places claim they are hiring and aren’t they just like the fact that they can put a bigger workload on the employees they do have who will also quit soon.
60 mins did a resignation piece and didn’t ask any of the people who resigned why.
Before the age of 35 I never made more than $50k and would always work a 2nd job. I'm almost 40 and will make $110k this year from my primary job and another $10k teaching at a college where crusty, septuagenarian profs would always poach my courses so they could have a 3rd class while I had none.  I have 4 kids and served in the marines, but had such a tough time before the last couple years. I was glad the pandemic pushed those selfish old folks out, and I intend to make a lot until I'm 60, then move out of the way so my kids and grandkids can move up.
Should haven't been firing ppl to save money then, should have been loyal instead of greedy
Mandates
This country aint treating black people right
This why my wife and I were able to get multiple promotions. Finally. We were under earners all thru our 20s and 30s. Now, approaching 40, we're doing very well all of a sudden.
LOUSY COLAS CAN THEY SPARE IT
SENIORS OVER 65 ARE THE FORGOTTEN
NO WAY SOME ONE CAN LIVE ON SOC SEC,  THE COLAS SUCK TRY TO LIVE ON IT
Mandatory overtime..no..no .
I'm just hear to say that I LOVE TO SEE TUE MASS EXODUS!!! Only the top 1% seem to be living life the way it was meant to be lived while everyone else slaves away for the top 1% companies. LIES!!!! Y'all go ahead and quit!!! Do what serves you because the 1% are definitely doing eat serves them, at all cost 🤷🏾‍♀️
people are tired of being exploited by greedy corporations and business owners.
American companies think they are entitled to a endless supply of cheap labor they can abuse and they are wrong.
"Stop working part time or minimum wage and get a better job" OK. "Where did everyone go?"
I just love how the media applauded forced experimental shots or be fired, and now acts like this is a biiiig mystery.    And now the Supreme Court had ruled Biden’s mandate was unconstitutional.    Lives ruined by Democrats.  Again.  As usual.
Baby boomers finally leaving the work force means lots of jobs for the rest of us.
lol how are gen z and teens burned out? they have barely got a taste of work
FINALLY, some people are realising that TIME is the most precious commodity they have and a putting happiness above everything else. The economy is collapsing with the highest rates of inflation in the Western world since the war. People are tired of having their savings devalued, the currency debased, zero interest etc.
Better pay from $13.00 to $15.00 a hour you can't even live out in the country for $15.00 a hour.
That female talking to the reporter is absolute fire. Beauty, brains, and eloquence. The complete package. WoW..
Colonialism society is crashing in front of our eyes
So how are all these people who are quitting and not working paying their bills? What am I missing?
Hire Felons 🤷🏾‍♀️
You know why 60 minutes. Spin it anyway you want...
Another reason is due to secret experimentation going on on the jobs!
Why people works to pay tax for no immigration un payperwork the government do this for election votes
Great opportunity to strengthen and coalesce the US labor force to negotiate better contracts with corporations. Over 30 years of economic disparity, wages unable to keep up with inflation, prices highest recorded in the last 40 years, housing? Let's not even go there... How much more can the American worker tolerate? Ultimately, Americans will seek what's best for them and their families with or without the bosses approval.
I'll give a simple answer: there's a virus and most companies treat their employees like garbage.
Lots of jobs now requiring vaccine to work.  People aren’t stupid. Don’t get the jab!! We were attacked by China at US discretion, now, democrat states can obtain and stay in state of emergency, and then force employees to do whatever they want.
When ever cdc stop playing politics wear marks and vaccin peoples come back normal
The Omicron variant didn't take a toll on anyone or anything....... more lies. You people lie about EVERYTHING!!!!!
Yea that's why people go to McDonald's and it's closed at 2:00 pm in the Afternoon.
I quit because I couldn't find efficient daycare and o wanted to start my own business. But primarily daycare
Pay them
Pay them
The era  of submissive and abused employees is ending finally people see their value .
Tired of being paid cheap or is this fake news
Pay them
Pay them
Pay them
It's never a worker problem it's a leaders of the workers problem.... Let's go Brandon.
these open jobs, are $10 and hour jobs,  and you cant survive on that, some wages have been raised but most honestly,  have not, employers don't really pay in the hospitality or food industry.
People want more money. Everything is 20% more expensive. Increase pay by 20% and you’ll get the employees you need.
The open jobs are mostly all low paying. Not many professional jobs. Professionals now have more choices.
People are tired of being slaves for the government
“Still missing a few million women from the workforce” They out here doing hair/nails, selling lashes, getting in crypto etc. Women out here getting to it I love it!
Government report will never tell you more than half of what is happening
This is what happens when the president decides his opinion is above the constitution. The left has been preaching “my body, my choice” and then says “we have the right to force you to take this experimental medication”. They say one thing and do something different.  People aren’t tolerate of hypocrites.
Also take into account that a lot of people had 2 or 3 jobs, like myself. I quit my second job and now only work one full-time job. Money is super tight but so far I’ve been able to make it work!
Some of this is how workers are treated by middle managers
I thought it was interesting that most people interviewed were black in this piece
Remote work is just fabulous.. I sooooo love it!!!!!!!!
Pendulum swings. Sometimes it's good to be the employer and sometimes the employees have all the cards.
Because money isn't everything.
Everyone is quitting because they expect people to survive making $15 an hour…
Anyone else notice how larger their pupils were?
The downfall of the American Empire. It was all bound to happen.
Over work ing people  job .Hour not faire  for worker and over work people  time off for people.
I don't buy this. How do you pay for your expenses when you quit your job?
The pandemic taught us that being happy is so important.. many jobs treat folk like $)(:/-€…..folks are just over being treated so badly… so employers get it together!!!!
I mean it's like $35,000 just to have a baby in the hospital sorry but we need to create more humans in life when people can't afford it so they decide not to do it then what we'll just deceased
I love that people are waking up it's time for people to wake up slaving freaking Souls away to make other people rich and good freaking health insurance and can't barely afford to get by working 40 to 60 hours a week
They aren't leaving jobs for a government check. I only wish I could leave disability to go to work.  Stimulus has done nothing to improve living conditions. In fact it's been frustrating,  scary , hopeless, worrying.  The government officals have been silver spoon fed for far too many decade's therefore they don't have a clue what citizens are going through.
None remote Jobs. And females receiving unemployment as there non married boyfriend works that's what's happening.  This will fix alot of stuff for women to leave the work force and be with there kids more
It’s probably because people are burnt out. All this negativity, Covid, media nonsense and lack of in person engagement is making people depressed. I haven’t been unemployed since 2007 with more 50+ hour work weeks than I’d like to admit…I definitely feel like taking a year off, but it’s hard to do when everything costs a small fortune.
People are lazy by nature this is making America weak!
Then there are the experiments of people filling out numerous applications and yet get no call back or job offers. They say they are hiring, but they are not hiring. Who do we believe? California raised the minimum wage now they trying to double the tax rate. If your looking for the female employees look on only fans
"...There is no office that could ever offer me what I have in my house....It's just not possible."
Oh no! you've made year on year growth and profits - yet you cant find people.. Wonder what you're paying/offering.
I'm 64 years old and disabled & would give anything if I was able to go back to work right now why the job market is so plentiful but I'm not able too😔
There was a “pandemic” who would want to work with the general public these days? Karen’s galore
Most people are lazy. They want the government to give them everything.  What they don't get is nothing in life is free.
The government benefits they gave certainly did not give people enough money to retire so that's just stupidity.
Bruh... The government can 1300 on stimulus, $800 a week for unemployment... Why can't big business
I was laid off from my job of 2 years. I work as a server and every restaurant I've applied at that says that they're desperately hiring will not hire me. Why do they have now hiring signs if they're not actually hiring anybody? Where are all these managers needing employees?!?! I'm in conway SC Myrtle beach area! Please hire me.
Why don’t you admit that the restrictions and rules for business owners has made it impossible for a business to be run. One person calls in sick for anything any kind of sickness and they are now required to get a test and quarantine themselves. There’s no way to run a society this way . Stop acting like people don’t want to work ! They have scared everyone so that working at home is the only option this piece of crap reporting made me furious. No truth to be told here ‼️‼️‼️
“Employees are in the driver’s seat.” AMEN!!!! What’s about time.
To get a better job.
We dnt won't mandate vacine
"Companies are eager to hire," but companies do not want to pay fair wages.
WOW!!!! WHAT A WAY TO SHIFT THE NARRATIVE IN YOUR AGENDA!! PEOPLE QUITTING JOBS OR GETTING FIRED CUZ THEY DONT WANNA GET VACCINATED
I quit my job at CVS last December. I was at home worker and they want everyone in those positions to get the vaccine if they want a better job or change departments! Unbelievable! I got tired of their BS!
"missed women" joined Onlyfan 😂🤡
Why is everyone black in this video?
More quitting coming as these mandates continue
You’re expected to do your job but the management don’t do their‘s they just sit on their butts and be lazy while the work is do all the work
Child care with the pandemic is difficult.
7:56 his teeth are brighter than my future
Pay employees…. There’s a pandemic going on, raise the wages.
Let me fix that title, “why are so many Americans being FORCED to quit their jobs along with COERCION to get a “vaccine” that doesn’t work?”
They need to be paying people more. Period.
Becuz the dollar is not going to maintain any value.
It's called laziness, period!
Ummmm? Perhaps a bunch of them had to leave BECAUSE OF MANDATES
Bills don’t take a break
Simple answer working sucks
Because of the jab, dont be fooled. They are trying to destroy our elections, so they can win through fraud. Chuck Schumer is trying to pass a pair of toxic “voter rights” bills that would allow the federal government to take over our elections. Among the many radical changes these bills would make, they introduce measures that would make stopping voter fraud impossible.
its happening due to crooked political fools
Cheers
Most of these job's want you to have a degree. Like what type of degree you need to be a housekeeper and enter information data into a computer
I bet that immigrant labour force that was "taking away the jobs of ordinary people"  looks really good right about now.
Could it be because jobs suck and are mostly pointless?
I fill out job applications  I put in my race as they require!! When I'm Black I don't get no call backs but when I'm not Black jobs call me. I have two interviews coming up
The wrecking of the economy is apparently REALLY funny!! what a twisted segment this was
I'll tell you why, WAGES. Why do workers want more money? INFLATION. How about you interview workers instead of business owners responsible for negligent compensation.
I agree with other comments. Its not hard to figure out... Rising costs, stale wages, elimination of a pension (which was your only real reason to be loyal), long working hours... and utterly false initiatives like CORPORATE ATHLETES... the thought that your family is happy when you are dedicating to work... as long as you give them 15 minutes a day of your time. We totally restructured our lives at the onset of the pandemic... We cut costs across the board (we dont buy as much, we get by with less, we paid of all debts) and are in a really good position to either NOT work, or work very very little because our costs were reduced and I dont think we will ever go back to wasteful spending EVER again. I know I am not the only one, and that will have a very negative impact... I dont like the things the government is doing (and I am using it as a form as passive retaliation NOT SPENDING).
Meanwhile, 500 sqft apts. are leasing for 4k per/month in orange county, ca.
Lmao, cause this this 4 in the morning till 1:30 grind SUCKS
Because we WILL NOT COMPLY! I left my job after years of giving my all to it. I will NOT be getting the jab!
The solution is to pay more. But this will cause prices to go up...then people will need more money to live...when they finally get it, prices will increase again and the process repeats itself.
Maybe coz ppl are sick of making these big corporations millions n getting paid minimum wage
people didn't want to get vaxxed. It is that simple.
Most of these companies are fake advertising FOR HIRE, so they won't have to repay PPP LOANS back.  And the job's that is hiring only hire PT expect you to do a 8hr job in 3hrs  Even working PT ain't enough meanwhile the government cut off unemployment benefits as well  Ain't no job's out here
Is so true America workers are burnt out and this is the result! people are now looking for lifestyle, quality life more than the money. I love that now employers have to cater to their workers a bit more now  if they want to keep them or have them.
America is the biggest kleptomancy in the the world. The top 1% collect 97% of the countries capital. Imagine if you lived in a town of 1,000 and one person collected 97% of the capital and funded 90% of the politicians. Would you call that a democracy? Why work when after spending 8 hrs a day you still cannot afford food, water, and shelter? You’ve literally wasted your whole day for nothing and still have no place to live because the downright disgusting practices of disgusting people have turned this economy into a joke. So why even participate? With our modern technology everything should be essentially free and if you’ve ever worked in a factory then you understand that this is the case. The cost of most products is actually free! Considering our technology and efficiency. Literally don’t participate I say defect all together let these animals eat themselves up by their own beast they’ve created
I’m a waiter and I was scared to catch this virus ☹️ and I got it but my work does not care and no benefits doesn’t help
It’s because the media put fear in everyone with this virus. These jobs working with lots of people not worth getting sick or worse. The plan worked out how the higher up wanted it to. We Dnt know the reason war is going on with big corporations but we experiencing it.
i think the remote job thing is fantastic frees up a ton of real estate to house homeless people and avoid payments on a car
Notice how they didn’t interview any “workers”…
I'm disabled and would like to work without losing my medical benefits to treat my issues job markets opening in desperate people like me will like to work have a computer but yet be able to get out lead a productive life contributing to the workforce.  We don't want to lose our medical insurance it's the main thing and if there was more busing in these smaller towns like Tennessee it would be great cuz I see people walking in the snow or cold and many are homeless cuz they can't afford a place to stay
60 minutes is nothing but free advertisement for black people
show the dislike ratio of this trash segment, only one employee interviewed ?!?! and she already found work that suits her. No talk about the big labor movement going on around america, no explanation of wages correlation to productivity or wage stagnation, nothing about work environments or employer exploitation.
Joe blow is saying everything is fine
My son who is disabled works at Walmart pushing carts. He is over busy. Keeping ppl. Etc. Walmart hires age 16 for cashier...
We’re too work identified anyway !!
When they stay home and get money better than going to work, why not? that the laws no good.
American workers put in more hours on the job while getting less vacation time and fewer holidays than workers in any other advanced nation. America is the only advanced nation without a universal healthcare system leaving millions of workers without health insurance and one serious injury or illness away from bankruptcy. America is also the only advanced nation without guaranteed family leave...because taking time off to care for a new baby or sick family member might cut into profits and that can not be allowed. Looks to me like it is a mistake for me to call America "advanced". I do know this...workers in truly advanced nations would riot in the streets if they were treated like American workers.
After decades of treating workers like absolute garbage, this is the price that has to be paid. You did it to yourselves.
Housing need to drop period.
How do these employers know anything at all about people who quit the jobs? Are they spying? Are they psychic?
Finally democracy at work
Sure ... people call a timeout and take a break because .... government support and subsidies supports them taking their "break" !   Crazy !!
We quit!!! I rather be poor and have more time than money!!!  Life is short, why wait to retire!!
I’d tKe construction job before a restaurant any day. I can’t deal with people and their food. I’m sure some ppl can I just cannot do it. Me specifically I like healthcare the best. Specifically dialysis. But that’s just me.
It's a low pay problem. People need to pay their bills!
How about people found out they dont need to earn the money  to buy all the crap they used to buy!
People in much of the world have much better work conditions than in the predatory capitalist United States. You are hopefully just now realizing that this late stage capitalism mess has exploited its workers.
We reached the point where the minimal cost of being able to work exceeded the wage. This is not employment, it's  servitude.
I’m withholding my labor up and until I see my wages go up in 5+ dollar amounts not +.05 raises
I’m glad the Great Resignation is happening.  People are starting to learn how to use the cyber world to their advantage and make money from it.  Especially after loads of people started working from home, they realized they could do it themselves.
This will explain the phone calls we all get from locations all over the country from customer service, billing, etc, and prone to not answer.
I know 5 people in the last 2 weeks who left their jobs over vaccine mandates (3 with medical or religious exemptions that were denied).
I’m glad times are changing but dang barley a white person on this episode.
I wish these restaurant owners would stop lying 😣 there not paying enough and not giving benefits and no medical but they have restaurant chains and making good money
"4 jobs is great hur dur" cnn and propagandized workers.
Not one mention of all the people who were fired because they refused to be vaccinated or, who quit for the same reason.
moving toward social ism of some sort
If you pay people to stay at home, they will stay at home…..   Everyone should get pay according to they skill level.
Maybe they are quitting because they don't want to get a vaccine? Then they can live on stimulus checks.
Am I only resist or the interviewer
Because of: Unemployment Insurance  Rental Forgiveness
All the comments that say " employers must pay more" haven't a clue.
no wonder people are paranoid
People don't want to be vaccinated.
They will blame everything but low wages
She said the keyword and the beginner reflections After this whole pandemic and still seeing what's going on now People are asking themselves why are they doing this in record numbers
I chuckled at 2:20
Granted yes, there are people who just work for little while and then wanna quit take a break. There those that work and don't think they being appreciate for what they doing( like little extra money, vista gift card or they skip the person that been there long time for someone else that been there shorter time a high position pay).. Most why people are gone is because of the Pandemic and companies shut down for a while. Also got people collecting unemployment money which is more than what they got working.  Part at fault for whole deal is US shutting down and unemployment money given out.  I agree that companies before the pandemic started should've been paying little more to employees and not paying crappy wages while the ceo and above having fun golfing and doing their own thing.  To run a business, You gotta have people and treat your employees as human being and respectful, not as garbage can be thrown out and replace. Any businesses have a history of hiring people left and right is not a good place to work for.
It's not a "worker problem" it's an employer problem imo. They will have to get with it or get left behind.
Requirements: 5-10 years of experience  Proficient in being on time and staying 3-5 hours after work (no worries we pay overtime!) Do your job + other employee’s job (because we are a FAMILY) Can’t be sick. We provide sick days but if you take a sick day you’ll regret it ( the consequences are simple: we will give you less hours until you quit) If you see injustice do not dare speak up or you’ll regret it We pay based on looks and preference and not on actually experience You have to work 7 days a week (weekends are optional. You might get chosen to work on weekends so be prepared. This mean you’ll definitely work weekend too, no breaks) 14 hours per day (overtime rewarded 🤗) If you have family and you have to be home, too bad. You shouldn’t have had a family. We are your new FAMILY period. No pay raises until you’ve proven you’re dedicated after 10 years of service    Pay: $9.75
Find a job you have passion for.....you only live once people!!!
Large crowded cities have always been hot beds for diseases, bubonic plague, small pox, polio, viruses, flu, colds, respiratory infections...Covid just hit the population in the face and said do something different.  I'm able to work at home and the firm I work for is seeing that we are much more productive working from home.
Dear employers, I have a suggestion that might work: treat your employees with respect! Ditto for customers that want stores to stay open.
Yeah, I’m not going to work a 9-5 and break my back then retire just to die. Doesnt mean I wont work, I’ll just be working smarter.
Yeah it's not affordability of housing that is driving this migration. The disparity in housing cost between places like San Francisco and Greenville is nothing new. Been that way for years. You can also get affordable housing in Detroit. That's not where people are going in large numbers. So what really changed in the last year or two? Crime rates and lawlessness in democrat cities.
Most employers expect loyalty and for you to go above and beyond but show you no loyalty or pay you accordingly. What do I mean ? Well if you’ve been loyal by working for a place for a long time you should not only start getting raises yearly or every 6 months but your wage should keep up with inflation and most jobs don’t change their wages in general nor on time with inflation .Also furthermore you have toxic work environments because you have bosses who don’t show their workers any respect so combine bad pay , no loyalty and toxic work environment it’s a formal for disaster I’m already looking into leaving my job because they are always harassing me and complaining about things even tho I do my job good and well and finish all my tasks before I leave work , I have had to record myself work and record and take pictures of my work being complete that is toxic that I have to do this almost everyday because I’m under appreciated , lied on and harassed I’ve been yelled at for things I didn’t do just for them to find out and apologize after that disrespect and me telling them from the get go it wasn’t me
Increase the wage dummies
4:25 Oh great and now those people are gonna go over there and make those areas like NYC and SF
UNIONIZE
Simple, it's called mandates
So out of touch.  60 bows to the corporate overlords.    They don't even talk to any workers.
Isn't it pretty f obvious?
And, the housing market is high. Who is buying these houses?
If you treated your employees with respect and pay them right you'd have workers there's not a company out there that treats their workers right and pays them we have to unionize we have to respect change our way of life protect our way of life stop sending jobs overseas any company that's sending jobs overseas should not be allowed to market in the United States that's a form  of sedition any company doing that has no respect for the United States flag for our soldiers for the police to protect the United States any company leaving in sending jobs overseas shouldn't be allowed to market in the United States
"A Fundamental Shift".  Fundamental is used with ease too much these days.  The video here is not wrong.  People have learned to work remotely in the US.  I've had remote sites in Mexico and in India employing hundreds of employees in a virtual call center environment.  I've been doing this for over 2 decades.  The US is now coming into the new world for work environment.  Employers need to get up to speed on this and Employees need to remain disciplined to perform independently.
we have enough labor....we just have a labor force that doesn't want to work Almost the same outcome as Japan...outsourcing labor may end up being a thing
To many people getting to much government assistance
I can't get a government check I am not that lucky
Apartheid Israel gets $12 million a day in US taxpayer aid while Americans are on food stamps..
And they been stopped this benifits
Is it the time when America discovers labour rights?..
Why no closed captions?  Illegal.
Lesley Stahl is a liberal so I don't believe a word she says
why is tricky, government hand outs are big part no matter what a left leaning show says, but high cost is part on moves,    and when companies automat and no longer need those workers what will they do.
Why go somewhere, where your not listened too around people that you don’t like. All to not be able to afford bills or buy things you want
And here comes the immigrants “ taking  American jobs”. If no one wants to work in these conditions. You can thank the immigrants for taking Those jobs that Americans don’t want anymore. So I ask, when are we giving these immigrants their papers? I’m sure these republicans want these people here more than ever considering they own many labor intensive companies.
Employers treat employees like crap, pay crap, but they live in luxury. We deserve the ability to earn a living wage.
Really this lie now??????
I want to work 💪👷
Please contact me I'm currently working part time but I'd rather have an 8 plus hr job 7 days a week if can
Wages should be Higher.  Nobody killing themselves for a job making $15 an hour bruh.  Pay people.
How are they living without a job? Are they all rich?? Last name Rockefeller??
Lots of signs in windows.  Go in, and told " not hiring right now".  They're getting money for not hiring people.  Exactly WHO is the Welfare Queens now?
How much money did the EVENT 201 attendees make off this gig?
TF??? So you interview no former employees at all?
they won't take the poison jab and wear the useless masks that harm you more than help, arrest the fake news, medical, political  and fake money mafias
People are quitting and leaving the liberal cities where the mandates are being strictly enforced
perfect time for a migration
Look at the companies like lowes, Walmart etc that have now hiring signs and cutting hours so they don't have to pay benefits..
They missed so much with this video. Let’s not forget that people are also quitting due to medical mandates in blue states and then moving to red states. Unemployment benefits are at an all time high. Most employers offer around 3% raises but inflation is at 7% and most economists believe the true number is closer to 15%, so your being paid less while prices rise. And I also agree with the topics that 60 minutes brought up. I quit my aerospace job last week and am moving to Florida. My wife is a health care worker and we were forced to move because of a mandate for a shot that doesn’t even help. When big government “helps” problems arise.
There will be more workers without the covid mandate.
pay me to care!  I'm being paid to stay home,  why should I work?
Doesn’t it seem suspicious that no reference is made to vax mandates as a possible cause?
Is it fair for a waiter to work only for tips
when employers still only want to pay  $8-$10 and have to do the work of 3 people, I see why they rather quit and do something else like drive for Uber.
Stupid! Unemployment pays better under this socialist administration. Now ask why states are not arresting for theft? Is it because people are finding better jobs? No! It is because crime pays better then any job. Who cares if more people are being shot by criminals because  60 minutes says this is a positive!  Highest crime rate in 50 years!! Wonderful news!!
Hmmm..... leaves open for immigrants and robots to take over.
Fabulous
USA is a SOCIALIST STATE, more accuratly - Racial Socializm State.  Only GOD can help you now.
Simply coming to the realization that we are are slaves to a capitalist elite is all we need.
LIVING WAGES and RESPECT Increase in wages need to happen. What is being paid is not enough to sustain a life now
We need better pay and work from home as permanent options. I don't get paid to wake up early and commute and my raises aren't keeping pace with inflation.
Nobody notices the quality of life in America is you have over consumption and no community and even violent communities,  most of the military families who get stationed abroad fear their return to the United States and fear the school system even more. If they can swing retrieving overseas they look for non war torn communities that have a closer to the land way of life, happily.
How much does this have to do with venture-backed companies? There seems to be a ton of companies functioning in the red, but continuing to operate with investment money. When does the music stop?
Abusive CoVid policies and homeschooling.
Over the past few decades, we’ve slowly been conditioned to be okay with dedicating our entire lives to work/paying bills. As one of the richest countries in the world, we should have the freedom to pursue creativity or things that actually matter to us. But 95% of us don’t have the Time/energy/money to do this. We are fed up.
This is why labor unions are important, to negotiate better pay and work conditions, as well as acting as a voice for the employee.
Why no discussion about the thousands of people who are unable to work because of long covid issues?  They need remote work or disability while they wait until the science catches up and allows more people to recover and get back in to the work force safely.  So far, science has not provided cures or treatments for the health deficits of those whose lives were seriously compromised, maybe permanently, from Covid. It is not safe to return to working around others, and most don't have the stamina or cognitive and heart health back yet to work full time.  There needs to be an international conversation to address these numbers of workers not returning to the workforce.  This story is missing one of the biggest pieces of why so many workers are not able to get back to work!
One major thing left out is that many companies have decide they are medical professionals and know what’s best for “their” employees bodies and require an experimental drug be injected.
This is not rocket science, nor a big mystery.   Baby boomers, often maligned and mocked, are reaching retirement age, and deciding to live their lives and not be devoted to unappreciative employers.  Many others forced into lockdown mode or work from home situations, have discovered entrepreneurial and self-employment options.  Still others have also gotten reacquainted with their families and other dimensions of their lives that offer fulfillment and challenges of their own.
WOW, reading the comments here baffles me. Not all jobs are going to pay 25-30$ per hour, it's just the way it is. Sure employers need to show respect towards their employees that is a given. There are a lot of people out there that want top dollar when they are not qualified. BTW the most businesses  with high turn over is the service industry and they are jobs to get experience from, to better yourself so that you can command more income
Leave your job and start a business!!!!!
Cause people are waking up an saying enough is enough this is your American people this is what u get for not taking care of your people the right way the ones who work day in an day out to make sure stuff gets done now it's all on u good luck
Because they're sick of their jobs.
Nobody gives a sh!t anymore
I’ll save you all some time: low pay, zero loyalty to their workers, they call us one big family and offer the CEO millions and don’t raise our pay or offer benefits
Um really where is the better pay!? Have you seen rent prices!...unreal...so out of touch...
Because these jobs suck.
Why dont you help us older workers get in  the interview  door.    I can work  I am highly educated older worker and skilled and wanting to work.   Government is the biggest discriminate  employer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Four day work week for the same annual pay FTW!
So many lies on job listings. Too many times I’ve gone into a gig that promised $5 more than the actual hourly rate
People are simply realizing their own self worth.
The  Covid 19, gave  millions of People,  free passes out the Matrix .
Lmao, she called Austin affordable.
Stop asking for $15 a hr ask for more cause guess what that ain’t enough to live
You try doing these jobs! There stressful, they are taxing on your health, people want passion in what they do! If i hate what i do then why do it! Why work as waiter with scimpy pay checks and extreme stress when i can get a job i love like manager of a buisness and make much more money and i have more financial freedom i want my job to benefit me rather than hurt me!
My manager at Starbucks was so upset that i was leaving. Like why would I stay here forever , theres so much required from employees just to sell drinks. Its not that serious. Im moving up from now on. Done with retail.
How about the fact that forced closures force them to quit and find a different and more steady way to earn a paycheck….and the forced firings of many workers who won’t take experimental shots..
They are not paying enough it’s plain and simple doesn’t matter where you go
I have to quit my job cause i did not want to the jab
Lmao they interviewed 4 employers and 1 employee 🤦‍♂️. This makes no sense. They offered zero perspective from the employee side.
Interesting they are mostly customer facing jobs. Maybe because the customers are becoming more self entitled jerks.
I don't even need to watch this too tell you covid vaccine mandates and the infringements on the constitution
They are moving out of blue cities. It's not about cheap housing, it's about freedom and low taxation.
Weres these jobs with good pay sighing bonus im looking
lmaoo- they quit all the jobs where they had to deal with people and or moving to jobs where they don't.
Why work a 9TO5 when you can work on whats app for full time pay and not even part time.
Couldn’t agree more. Minimum wage at a retail job while CEOs make millions. Same at fast food joints and regular restaurants.
I understand where white collar workers would quit a job and look for something else as they are more likely to have some padding in their bank accounts to get by on. What I am curious about is how are all of the people who were working the unskilled labor and service industry getting by? People are not returning to those jobs even though they are paying a little better than before. Are other parts of the job market opening up for them or is there just mass unemployment?
How is people quitting and still paying bills
How many jobs open in transportation?
No one wants to go back to the office.
I can’t help wondering how much the mandatory jab had to do with it...companies doing government’s dirty work🧐🤨
The virus has made everything adjust in good and bad ways.   Maybe Moms and Dads are deciding for one of them to stay home with the kids to homeschool, or just be there for their families and take care of the home. When we grew up, we always had a parent at home who made sure we kids were properly cared for and loved. There is a great richness to having a full time parent at home.
These jobs in the USA dont pay enough for Americans to survive there is no loyalty to workers and very low pay
I left my job because it was a mess. Managers were new and just barked orders. Co workers just were like chickens running around.
Maybe he should own less restaurants and do some of the work himself.
America needs to get better holiday s and health care
Because the Democrats are paying them to stay home .
Why? Becoz america is now the most communist country in the world, giving away free money to everyone that doesn't feel like working.
Wow, did you ever think it worth asking the WORKERS why they are leaving these jobs?  *smh*
*Eastside Low Bottoms sh*t !* _Tappin' in from South Central LA_ I quit my job at the beginning of August 2021. I was working up to 14 hours a day driving on LA freeways. After 8+ years, it began to take its toll on me. I think for the first time in my life, I physically felt what stress was. By the end of my shift every day, I felt it in my neck and shoulders. One last cut-off by a driver on the freeway made me pull over and text work: _"Friday is my last day !"_ I had to take more of a _mental health_ break more than anything else. Every week I think I'm ready to work again. But when I drive my kids to school in the mornings, I show them examples and tell them, "See ! This is why I still don't have a job !" LA drivers are THEE...WORST ! 🤯
Imagine that Years ago I'd put in applications not knowing how I would make it Tell me they'd give me a call Trash my application Now look
Since most of the people who are quitting their jobs are unskilled minimum wage workers, it would have made more sense to interview them instead of people who are white-collar workers. It may also not be a good idea to convince your audience that laborers are in total control of employers. This may hold true for small companies, but not large ones. Not only may the depletion of savings push people back to work, but businesses may close permanently, hire more overseas workers, outsource, or relocate internationally. If that happens, people who want to return to work won't be able to because the work will no longer be there; but the larger companies will continue on with newer workers. Furthermore, people are moving to cities and states that handling COVID far better than Democrat run cities and states. The problem isn't COVID...it's how we are reacting to it that is the problem; and how it's a political issue instead of a health issue. The MSM misleading the public trust doesn't help.
It’s not just a matter of employers vs employees, at least in the service industry which many people, including myself, have worked in for many years. It’s dealing with entitled customers who make your job difficult because they think they’re special. I have a great boss, and my coworkers are awesome, the thing that makes me most want to quit and seek employment elsewhere is dealing with customers who complain everyday and still decide to come in. Takes an emotional toll and a ton of patience to deal with these personalities, it wears you down after a while. Just be nice, understanding, and for the most part easy going when walking into a restaurant/bar/store and we will all be better off.
It's not a worker problem it's a pay problem, pay people what they're worth and competitive to inflation and cost of living  and you can keep your workers
There are more lambs than lions
Because managers are massive hypocrites... For example they tell you to drink in the break room or don't be on your phones and they don't listen
CEO making multi millions regular workers minimum wage. Uh no
Opening everything at once created a boom economy, and boom ecoomies always have inflation.  One issue with inflation is that wages do go up, but they tend to lag because most people only get a raise once a year, while inflation is continuous.  An obvious way around that is to change jobs, especially if there is a clear trend of wages going up, instead of waiting a year.
Guess Obamacare has nothing to do with it? I believe if you have access to cheap health insurance there is less incentive to work at traditional jobs with full time hours, not to mention the child tax credit cash people are getting from the feds.
Companies are dirty and selfish.  So happy I found a good company with great starting pay, 14 holidays, sick pay, medical, vision, dental, 401K with a match, paid time off and my own private office.  Thats being said I suffered with Uber, Uber Eats, Doordash, post office and a car dealership as a technician.  Terrible treatment and pay so I quit.  Finally found something great at less then 30 years old.  Hope everyone finds a job they like
Lets not forget about the thousands being fired for refusing the brew in the needle. Evidently My Body My Choice only applies to the genocide of abortion at will, where, unlike a jab refusal, every choice results in a fatality. 100% mortality rate. Tell me again about the concern for public health....
The Death toll is higher than reported and these people dont exist any more.
Aren't there a lot of people that don't want to take the jab?  Therefore, quitting and moving from CA and IL to SC, FL and TX where there is more freedom. Didn't hear that mentioned....
TIRED OF BEING TREATED LIKE 💩
Not smart with the economy on the edge
Don't forget the jab that you  Have to get  In order to work and the fact that you have to wear a mask all day long.
The Great Resignation will be followed by the Great Restitution when the IRS ask for receipts on  where Americans "parked" all of those IRA, 401K, 403B funds ......
Women are leaving to homeschool their children because we realize the insanity going on in this world and instinctually want to protect our children from brainwashing.
Fun times. Thanks liberals, you are in power and completely ineffectual except for pissing people off. Slow 👏  At least Trump could run a tv show. Christ! My dad was a Midwest Marxist who destroyed his body and health for this country, never teaching me his craft or anything. So I couldn’t be any less liberal. Y’all are locked up bad, and spreading the propaganda that it’s still Trumps fault…A reality tv star…get real.
There’s a plethora of issues as to why ppl are quitting. PAY being number 1 for most Americans. Ppl are tired of being poor. The construction company owner said it himself that revenue doubles every year, & it seems like he’s compensating his employees. However, this isn’t the case with a lot of employers. Profits keep going up and yet pay doesn’t either ? Every year u don’t get a yearly raise your salary is worth less due to inflation. This is a slap to the face to the employee because as time goes by more responsibility is added to your plate. Things need to change ASAP. Better pay, better benefits, shorter work weeks, & better treatment.
Apologize to Ron. Otherwise f@## off.
Because the cost of living supersedes the full time wage by 700%
Total BS! I can tell you why jobs are not being filled by my trips to the grocery store. I've see very few people in the store on my last two trips. Surprise, surprise, Joe Biden is talking another round of stimulus checks. People are getting free food at food pantries
Let’s not overlook the financial scam employers of all size were pulling on the taxpayer.  As long as you were “looking” to hire employees, not actually doing it but creating the illusion of doing it, you did not have to pay back the money to the federal government.   It was free money for businesses.
Wages are not keeping up with inflation, so people fall further and further behind on the treadmill.  You have to go out further on the risk curve to keep your savings ahead, I.E. XYZ Doggy coin.  Fiat debt based systems always fail while extracting wealth towards the top, this time is no different.  PRIVATE Central banks enable asset inflation for the rich, yet Gov has tasked them to solve "inequality".  This is asking the Fox to guard the hen house.
I worked in customer service for 22 years and got treated like crap by employers and customers. I deserve better so I’ll wait til something better comes along.
The reason is that Congress is being held hostage by the 400 riches families in America donating to poltitains to keep the world from turn forward for decades and future decades to come.  The working class is done with it. Duh! 🙄
Over a dozen of my family members and friends have quit their job because they refused to get a covid vaccine
We baby boomers succeed we didn't want our children to work as hard as we did and wages we did...they want more money for less work
Umm...jab mandates???
I have a solution !
The Government Backstopping the unemployed in 2020 started this ball rolling ....
You don't need to do an entire special on this. Just say that the government offered more in welfare, or similar amounts of welfare money to what you could get working. If you're paying people the same not to work, why would they work?
This is a two way street… you got Republicans blocking wages for 30 years and not allowing wage growth while inflation rises and then you have the Democrats that allow a safety net for you if you don’t want to work. You can’t pay people to stay home. And as far as the women leaving the workforce go to Only Fans, you will find a lot of them over there making more money than the CEO’s of the Jobs they left.
People are disappointed they squandered their life not gaining skill and expect to live off of no skilled, teenage wage, to support their 5 kids.
This is So Dumb.....  Technology was supposed to be a way for People to work Less anyways ?  Also you complain about Job not being Filled ?  But still won't Higher Felons for Good Jobs !  Change the Rules and we will Play Again !
Excellent journalism. ❤❤❤
For every person who catches covid two people quit their job is covid scary or what
WE LEFT OUR JOBS BECAUSE THE PANDEMIC SHOWED OUR JOBS IS TRUE COLORS AND BECAUSE THEY PREFERRED CAPITAL GAIN OVER THEIR WORKERS SAFETY WHILE RUNNING THE RISK WORKING IN A PANDEMIC WITH MORE WORK AND WITH LITTLE TO NO PAY ADVANCEMENTS AND NO BENEFITS  ITS THE WORKERS AGE NOW
Yea, jobs out there yet the places you highlighted the salaries paid at those jobs you can’t actually live on.  In Miami a 1br apt is going for $1600 and up. How does someone making even $15 hr afford that? Inflation is at a 40 year high and yet wages just started moving up in last few months. Corporate earnings and worker productivity are at record high. Why not share that wealth?
They got tried of hearing other people talk about thire problems at work.
Inflation even though pay has gon up everything else has to so pay is still not enough.
The pandemic caused already around 30% of the quitting the job but the vaccine mandate causes around 40% in addition. All the situations in the country make people suffer, disappointed... so they are giving up!
Oh its its the workers not at all the working conditions no no no…. Corporate  propaganda at its finest!!!
And america is the greatest country  I do not know about that. And do not ask me to leave I was here way before you.
All of those Industries have been affected by Coronavirus, stores are closing people are losing their job you call that resigning, the job market is changing.
Cause inflation is going up but the wagers stay shyte
On one hand I think this is great. Giving workers more power is wonderful. We definitely need more workers rights, and the employers need to compensate better for the less desirable jobs to make them worth it for the people in those positions.   On the other hand, it’s a very privileged position to quit your job with the sole reason being “this isn’t my dream career”. We all want to be artists, musicians, athletes, etc. but if everyone was in those positions, a lot of the positions that are less desirable and less fulfilling, but necessary to society, would be empty, and that would be a huge problem. The fact of the matter is that 90% of people don’t get to do what they love for money. As adults most of us have to do things we don’t love to do for the benefit of not only ourselves, but society as a whole. Maybe in the future we can offload those critical jobs nobody wants to do to machines, but at the moment we need people in those positions to keep our society functioning.   All in all I think this is ultimately a good thing, and most people would be willing to do the less desirable jobs if the compensation was better. I just hope we don’t end up with millions of people not working because they all want to be tik tok stars.
Wow. Great story. Please do more like this
No wonder everyone is quiting. The employers here are clueless. They quit their employees long ago. Look at the living wage in an area, and then look at what you are paying the workers who live there.  And hey 60 minutes, try looking for some workers to interview. This one-sided view is crap.
Employers took advantage of employees for many years no sick leave no vacation no pay raises no bonus no personal time off minimum wage. Uh no  that is over
i bet it all started when they introduced jab or no work
I'm in the Miami area, I do HVAC and they're not paying! I have 12 Years experience, every job offer is around $8-$12 less than what  I made at my last job
I'm a 24-year retail employee would you like a real interview on why people are quitting? It's not for the money it's not for the benefits. You can keep your money it's worthless. What's motivating me to get out of retail are the humans on this planet. We have spent the last two years working through the worst conditions imaginable to keep you alive and yet you come into our store pompous arrogant and full of entitlement. The absolute only thing I want to hear out of a customer's face is thank you for keeping us alive. Short of that every single one of you need to keep your mouth shut while you're shopping and just be grateful what they do have.
Out of touch news media doesn't see why.
It's all because of former Vice President Joe Biden. We need to get rid of the corrupt old codger.
"Back in my day" retail and hospitality Jobs went to the kids straight out of high school. No experience-first job-paying for  college employees. Where did those guys go?
Dont want the F. K.in vaccines???
O for God sake. Who is stupid enough to believe this
Because they weighed the pros and cons of working a crappy job (during a deadly pandemic) with unemployment.  And for the first time unemployment won!
The benefits are actually BAD. Just enough to get kicked off medicare. Then you end up with copay payments . *NO THANKS*
soooo you talked to business owners and executives only? Great Journalism.  BTW - you completely missed the mark.
Because i noticed i get home after dark 6 days a week. Dobthis for the rest of your miserable life till you die seriously?  Thats sad. I value time over money.
No one can survive with $10 Per Hour, not even with $15 Per hour.
I'd rather work for myself and make my ownoney get yourself a pick up truck or anything you love I'm life and start Living start Working for Yourself I'm not gonna ever go back to 9-5 job
Add to all that, now they require you to be vaxxd, and many people are not okay with that. Oh well, enjoy your 3hrs in ihop because there’s only one server willing to do anything their employer requires of them
Stop America.  You NEVER LEARN... THIS MESS STARTED over 50 yrs ago with the destruction of the working middle class not the professionals.. Study  Ida history from early 1900s when unionization started the blood shed bc people refused WAGE SLAVERY
The biggest problem is the unfair pay. Whether you have a degree or not all of these employers want so much more out of their employees but won’t pay them fairly.
I think when the media told people to get an essential job they found a side hustle.  20% more millionaires had been created thru this..      When they went back to work realized it wasn’t worth it. They want the side hustle instead.. my opinion.
What it might come down to is rich employers having to roll them sleeves up again or for the first time if they want to stay afloat.
Obama said it best! “ you didn’t build that” sums it good
What would you rather do? Scrub toilets and clean up tables at Denny's, or drive an Amazon delivery truck? New types of jobs are redefining the landscape.
The baby boomer generation is pretty much gone. Worker loyalty no longer exist. Companies now have to work for the people they want to work for them.   It’s a whole new world and I’m here for it!!
It’s called a pandemic!!! No one wants to possibly die for $14 an hour after taxes. Your gonna have to pay people what the risks are worth
People are leaning for better jobs it's like a turn around
Better pay doesn’t mean good or sufficient, especially when the pay was so low to begin with.  $8.50 is BETTER than $7.50 but that incremental increase of $1 will make no damn difference.  NEXT!
Content great. But how many takes, does it take to make and act like this interview?
I think what this video lacks is talking about the workers that died from covid. I think I know why they didn't  talk about that, because people would actually not even consider going back to work. Another reason people are quitting hospitality is because people are meaner and more hostile than ever. I am speaking as a person coming from working at a grocery during the pandemic(supposedly an "essential worker"). I had to quit. I couldn't take the hostility. Especially, when so much of the staff was out with covid that departments had to shut down. I notice many news pieces on why workers are not wanting to work certain jobs just don't talk about the people who have and that they wound up getting sick or died and can't go back because the physically can't do the job anymore. Another reason would be that someone had a family member die from working that job. These jobs don't usually have health insurance either. So, is it really worth it to risk getting sick and even dying?
I could be wrong but my guess is forced jab is more likely the main contributor to all the job openings. My son wants a job but all employers in my area requires proof of jab before they will even talk to you.
Everyone should be looking out for each outher in this world 🌎 all that winner takes all mentality is dead in the water...we all should be paid fairly in this life and treated with respect and kindness not everyone trampling on each outher trying to climb the ladders...sad world these days very sad...
The employers refuse to accept less profit. If they pay more to employees, then they charge more for the product and people won’t pay that much, so the employers cry about not being able to afford the workers
So much is missing from these interviews. Why are people leaving their current positions? Think about the inhumane hiring processes from resume submissions to interviews; pay rates that in many cases have not risen for 40 years; completely unfaithful employers who (like Amazon) are known to fire employees via text; health insurance available through the ACA (though terribly expensive) that no longer requires everyone to be employed in order to have access to medicine and needed procedures; those who were always more entrepreneurial in spirit finally seeking to earn a living and find meaning through their intellect and commitment because it was almost never appreciated by their previous employers; and employees working for employers who have almost no clue how to keep those employees engaged--which is not always a function of pay rate.
Because bidens mandates are unconstitutional.
What about the ppl who died from the pandemic?
Employers need to shift their mindset, it's not that difficult. Don't be greedy.
People are tired of helping employers build their dreams while neglecting their own. Employers are so out of touch with their employees as well. Life is short and your time is valuable - people need to be paid what they’re  worth.
Indeed interesting.
You know what's funny, they're interviewing a CEO and a Chief Executive of companies who have no idea what it's like to struggle, live paycheck to paycheck and deal with the rudest people in the world. Interviewing them was absolutely pointless. How about interviewing REAL HARD WORKERS who are fed up and get the truth. Its hilarious that they're blaming workers but not themselves, what a joke!
There's no mention of people going out and becoming self-employed. I would love to see the statistics on how many LLCs were created within the last 2 years. Technology has given opportunity to new marketing strategies and reaching folks like never before.  Let's also not forget about side hustles/1099 work available as well. Why would Gen Z work a traditional schedule at a minimum wage fast food job When they can do delivery services like Amazon flex, grubhub, social media marketing, digital freelance work via fiverr, and or be a social media influencer on YT. The traditional 9-5 is a thing of the past. I think a lot of people are starting to realize that they don't have to just do one career for their whole life.
What a tone deaf story. All we heard from was rich people who are complaining because they are feeling exploited by their inability to find workers. They should talk about corporate greed and also let’s hear from the employees who cannot afford a single day of missed work to “follow their dreams” and don’t have the resources to work from home.
Plenty of truck driver jobs and they will train. hey they say freedom is a Highway ,But I don't recommend becoming a truck driver!!!25 years and I'm on the way out.The federal regulation has gotten out of control in the trucking industry.
"It's a worker problem" they still don't get it
ANTONIA BROWN WALKED OUT ON HIS JOB S*** IM ABOUT DO THE SAME
Pay us the people. We worth more than this wages !! Gas goin up !! We not. Working to give all back to bills. Let us. Make our decision The people figure things. Out. !! Change the poor laws too !! Who read this will your bless !! Stay real not fake. !!
You people actually buy this bs narrative?  I'm not saying there aren't some people quit because of low pay with increased work and other reasons, but the _real_ reason is the "vaccine" mandates.  Don't you think that it's a little suspect how none of the people interviewed were the employees who quit?  This is fake news.
When the pandemic happened and everybody lost their jobs it was horrible a lot of people was became homeless they just reevaluated their lives a lot of them started their own businesses little internet businesses ,vendor businesses
there is no shortage its an underpaid over worked problem know one wants to work 6 days a week every week living paycheck to paycheck if its going to be like that its smarter to work-part time at a place for penny's and live out of your car vs living to work. the problem is what she said 1:03 people have been doing nothing but living to work for 40 years now and people are sick of it. to much money is going to the c.e.o. and the share holders when it should have been going to the employees to make 4 shifts instead of 3 shift work weeks you still would live paycheck to paycheck but you could have a life like that unlike now also it should be illegal to work more than 8 hours a day unless your a share holder and have the option to buy shares in the company this would solve all the problems around the work culture because they can't make the shares worth more than what someone can buy because where would they get there money if most people could not  afford to invest in the company I bet most company's would rather not go over the 8 hour limit vs having the company employees be share holders in the company because to some extend your beholden to them witch in the long run would make it to where you could get more done in the 8 hour limit vs free rain because they would have some say in how its run unlike now and if they gave you bad publicity it would be ten times worse because they're also shareholders with the shareholders that are not  employees  having some level of sympathy for them witch would mean your in hot water because those to groups together would make you have to change the way you do things to where you could not treat them in a way where you could maximize efficiency you would have to slow down to the point where if you worked them 10-11 hours it would be the same as 8 hours at the limit with maximize efficiency because you would have to go slow and steady this is what the government needs to do it would solve the labor shortage in one min flat. I don't think they will do it because rich and powerful people have a hard time coming to terms with the system is the problem.
For those who don’t work those industries, like the old adage says, ‘people don’t quit jobs; they quit managers’… period
This is nothing but propaganda! An excuse to cover the real reasons why. End the vaccine mandates!!
No one wants the experimental vaccine! Akron hospital just cut loose 230 employees for refusing the jab!
So no one is gonna say people just don’t want to get vaccinated and that’s why most are quitting? 🤦🏾‍♂️
Its so badly paid and conditions are awful!
Workers of the world unite!!
How are they paying bills while not working?. Please let me know so I can join you...
I can explain ...these jobs not calling you back .."none of them" something real shady happening ...I emailed 10 jobs and no call backs ...
I'm tired of being told a job Requires and engineering degree and when I present my documents for said degree they are called fake.
Any real data? Like how many of these people are getting government assistance?
Because we are tired of soulless entities (corporations) mandating we follow thier forced cultures, ideologies and mandates. I just want a job. Corporations have more than proven that they have zero loyalty to the employee, why should they demand total loyalty to them. Why would a moral person set aside there base fundamentals to work for a proven unethical corporation whose main drive is it's bottom line not it's employees welfare. Why would anyone work for an entity that went from addressing it's employees as personnel to calling them human resources?  The solutions are as obvious as the degradation that employees are feeling. Corporations are seeing their workforce leave in droves yet they refuse to learn a damn thing. Best to start your own small business or find a small mom and pop shop and help them to grow at least there your voice can be heard over the corruption an bs....
Greenville proud… next generation global leadership
You know I just love this woman saying….I have bills to pay and I was really scared but ehhhh I just quit. Ok so who’s paying your bills the rest of us? The government? Ridiculous
I worked for a Fortune 500 company for 20 years. The annual raises went below 1% if that YEARS before the pandemic. And we were told we were lucky to get that. Then our health benefits copayments would raise 10% annually. As my family grew I looked at my pay history and realized one day the longer I worked there the less I made in take home pay. Employer: “But hey we have an Employee Appreciation week every year where you get a free lunch and can play carnival type games for free company swag!” Granted they don’t have to do it and it was good to get away from your desk for a while but not very meaningful. You really want to help me out? Kick up the pay. Offer more career development. Offer a career path. More vacation time. Share some of the profit.
Because businesses who have a job to offer have become so arrogant, thanks to the internet. They know they can just post a job and get lots of responses. It's insane.
Pay more !
Because of "you can't fire me I quit!"
Because the Biden administration gave ppl more money to stay home than they earned to work!
I know a guy who’s been applying to 20+ places a week in TX for anything he can get…never gets called back, gets called back three weeks later with lower dollar amounts than in the job description, gets calls from scams or places that want to provide nothing and expect everything. So is it worth it?
The lady in green shirt sound like she made a mistake
The /r/antiwork movement is home to many stories of overworked and underpaid employees, at all levels
They used black people to push the narrative  smh
Because... $8 is not enough to LIVE ON... MFS NEED DECENT BENEFITS THAT ARE NOT PROVIDED BY THE EMPLOYER AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE.. LOTS OF REASONS.. Including BEING DAMN NEAR WORKED TO DEATH FOR MERE PENNIES smh
I disagree, everyone is hiring but not hiring. I've put in well over forty apps in two months and all of the jobs are looking over me and others like me.
What I want to know is when these people quit, where did they go? What are they doing for an income now? Why isn’t that being asked? Or am I paying their income through taxes?
Because Biden’s administration is incentivizing people to stay home and we’re already seeing the cost of that with Biden’s inflation. We cannot keep this up, it will completely destroy this country but I guess that’s what Demorats, Liberals, and millennials want. Bunch of idiots
I say its because of customers if you deal with them. Poor management and treatment. Its not being able to talk back to customers when you need too.
This episode failed to mention so much. thumbs down here
I work construction in California good pay right asked for a raise after 4 years and then got told there no money right now etc excuses but new guys get 2 dollars more starting.
Let's go BRANDON! Socialism always fails. End hand outs you idiots.
A job is a job, not your life. Employers have too much control over your personal/private life
People are tired of there tax dollars being distributed to other countries. Our taxes should be used here on our own country how can we give billions away every year when Americans are sleeping in the street. The government is ran by crooks and idiots.
Wonder if some people who saw their companies take COVID financial aid money then just layoff their workers anyway, had anything to do with it?  I mean loyalty matters to employees too...Not just to the company they work for. Money/profits over people that dedicate their lives to said profit is a factor.
We the people are taking the power back, imagine that. Please know your worth.
Dealing with people in a job is not easy at all, in many positions the compensation is not commensurate.
I’m not working 2-3 jobs to make decent money
After reading through the comments here it is obvious that the majority of the viewers have never owned/operated a business.
What every family should do is invest, buy a humanoid robot register  it , and put it to work in your place!!! GENIUS!!!
They are choosing sides...in this Great Division...we are growing thirsty and WE will drink your milkshakes...🤨
Many employees had enough of doing multiple jobs for only one salary and expected to do more with no appreciation or recognition.
Lack of appreciation and respect I bet is number 1
People are tired of being abused!! There is your answer!!
I am “retired.” I am NOT planning on going back to work for ANY reason. I’ve done my share. The company I worked for had a reputation for “toxic” work environment. Everyone in my department had daily headaches. They were out sick a lot. This should have been HR’s signal. Instead the VP made us come down for weekly Friday meetings where we told that we were “LUCKY” to still have jobs. That if we didn’t like the “extra work” we had as a result of the downsizing and merger, that there were people “lined up” outside ready to take our positions. There was no end to meeting their goals then having them raise the amount needed to be “satisfactory.” It felt like we were working very hard only to be told we weren’t working hard enough. I’m so glad I got out of there. It took them hiring THREE people after I left to fill my position. That alone should tell you something.
Republican business owners voting for politicians promising to eliminate immigrants, yet complaining about a lack of workers willing to work terrible jobs for low pay... Is the funniest ironic thing I've seen.
Create a inmate work program
“Generous” stimulus lmao
Next USA needs to give their workers some contractual rights regarding annual leave, sick pay, maternity leave and a national minimum wage enshrined in law as most of the rest of the world does - considering USA claims to be the best country in the world their workers rights are at the bottom if the scale I pity the people blindly accepting this - get lobbying your politicians thats what they're supposed to be there for REPRESENTING you - this isn't a dig at the general population its aimed at those who have  the power to put these rights in place I've seen tons of Americans on here looking at comparisons with other countries and having their eyes opened - I'm a Brit 🇬🇧 during lockdowns we all realised more than ever that those doing the lowest paid jobs were the ones most needed during the lockdowns - imagine if your bins weren't emptied for months - or public transport disappeared - care home workers etc these are the backbone of any society and should be rewarded financially for their work
i’ll move to greenville help me out! i want to work for your construction company
The American economy will never find a work force  like the baby boomers, that generation also had a future when working a job not career orientated like pensions and social security. The children of baby boomers saw their parents go through things in the work place and we decided that we won’t do that, so we got educated in the hopes of a career, then the economy turned its back on newly educated millennials so we moved home or took what we could take job wise. Gen Z already knows there is no future in working for others like there is a future in working for yourself so they are taking the time off from working for others to secure their futures that they are taking into their own hands…Americans are waking up and living their dreams on their terms not according to antiquated societal norms.
When 1% of the country owns over half the wealth, then what's the point?
Stop saying the pandemic killed jobs. It wasn't the pandemic, it was the government.
I can answer this even before watching the video. Unlivable wages, terrible benefits, no community within their jobs, super expendable, being coerced into medicine they don’t want to take to keep their unlivable wage and terrible benefits. I mean, why wouldn’t people leave?!
Its time to robotize the work force, where they can work around the clock!! They will take over soon!!!
We love new people but know this about our wonderful town.... We move a tad slower because we value the person over the product or process. We believe in southern hospitality so don't get upset if strangers say "good morning" or if a man opens the door for you ladies. Also, you may not get paid as much as you got paid in a more populated state because it's cheaper to live here. Finally, the freedoms you moved here for are here because we believe that our inalienable rights are sacred. We believe that local governing representatives work for us and should represent us. Less big overreaching government. Remember that when it's voting time.
Ne ste odile Vie mat gimnazija za nova peese denarka izgleda..🇲🇰📺📺
Really you wonder why, because they are forcing us to vaccinate. How stupid are you people
Its called Little Crypto!!!
I work for a company who truly does not care about their employees.  And sadly we are in the health care field. Sick they don't care, you were verbally and physically assaulted don't care.  Just put the pts through and give them the green. They demand respect but give us known. And to top it off caught upper management lying about and to their employees.  Very sad.
It's an early warning sign. Every year more and more money goes to the few at the top while the majority who are not at the top make less and less compared to inflation. Eventually there will be a tipping point when enough people realize this and they can can no longer support their family in the current system. This is an early sign of things to come if changes aren't made
There is more to the picture than this. I agree with all the reasons discussed, but I believe the employers are also being extremely selective of who to hire leading to more positions remaining open. Knowing that there are so many people out there unemployed, they do NOT  hire candidates as quickly.. I have been unemployed for over a year and submitted over 300 applications. The response rate from employers is dismal. I would say about 10%..Definitely an interesting dynamic in the workforce and  our life as a whole  as a result of the pandemic.
It's a Thumb in the Eye of "Big"Business.You don't want to give benefits, respect,growth or minimum wage!!!People are finding out it's better to want what you do than do what you want.If you love what your doing people will taste it if your a chef,feel it your of service and see it overall.If you love what you do you will never work a day in your life.
if a job called me every day for a month id sue for harrassment
Employers take good employees for granted! Employers make great profit and pay their employees crumbs. People are over worked and underpaid!
Too much smiling looks fake which trivialize's the message of this video.
No one wants to be treated like crap for chump change.
Remove the vaccine requirements and discontinue paying jobless benefits.
I'm  glad more are moving on better things employers/companies  NEED to do better from pay,benefits, and more
People are waking up is what is happening people see the two-sided bash in all different forms and then propaganda networks like this program pushes a narrative because that’s what they want everyone to do sit down shut up do what we tell you to do or face the consequences just the fact people.
I resigned from my job 2 weeks ago and yes, it is scary, but also gives me more flexibility. And I am 56 years old!
Why can't we see the number of dislikes?
The internet, and cell phones, are causing all kinds of problems for Americans, and the world. There's no going back.
All those people who crossed the borders illegally will snap up those jobs.
People have been working paycheck to paycheck for many many years then the government puts more stress more taxes more mandates on the working class and expects us to pay for programs that are slush funds in our criminal communist socialist government.
Pay people more.
Just an idea... Maybe instead of asking the people who can't find employees what's wrong, let's ask rank and file humans who aren't taking the jobs? Maybe we can provide real data for these companies that wanna claim "nobody wants to work anymore." No, nobody wants to work FOR YOU anymore. Maybe you're the problem, and not "entitled millenials."
Get back to work you lazy mofo’s!!!
Vax mandates account for everyone I know that has left their jobs since that narrative began
Work to live not live to work…
Christian owners are oppressing
"The benefits have been turned off".    ???   Fake news.  people are getting food, housing, utility assistance and unemployment checks.  The benefits are in fact still on.
Because you (the media and the goverment) did irreparable mental health damage to this country.  Keep looking just at numbers and money, the wave of suicides its goin to be worst than the pademic, thanks to scared, manipulated and weak people.
An idiotic segment from 60 Minutes. They interviewed managers instead of workers to ask why workers are leaving. They asked a prosperous construction CEO about worker shortage but didn't ask if he has boosted pay or benefits for his workers, even though he boasted of doubling revenue year upon year. They interviewed managers in Greenville, SC, where they say theyre short on workers, and we heard about high housing costs in large metro areas, which certainly doesn't apply to Greenville. Flexibility and working at home was cited as a main priority of workers, which applies to certain job types (like the woman who does job placement on-line--a job that never really required an office), but which does not explain the problem of lack of wait-staff and cooks at restaurants. (Do we think cooks and waiters expect to flip burgers from their couch or serve patrons in their livingroom?)  Wait staff have base wages in Greenville below $3/hour, so tips are the main income, but tips are way down due to fewer tables filled during Covid and increasing proportion of take-out orders. 60 Minutes is becoming a joke.
And let's not forget that, despite being in the "great resignation", the government said last month that we are at "full employment" so the Fed is raising interest rates starting in March 2022.
I’m still working. What do I get 😂
"Hey I don't need this, I'm out" is all good and well.  but the fact is that we pay people to do nothing.  Remember "will work for food"  If everyone is surviving and not working for it.  Than there is no reason for them to get a job.  duh.
Vax mandates...! Let me decide what is best for my health. I don't need the government telling me what to put in my body to keep a job.
It's wages.  The framing of this title is such a joke.  Inflation is a product of corporate greed.  America's filled with overqualified employees.  Housing is a disaster.  It's only a matter of time before America will be losing on the international economic front.
I think old people learning about this through 60 minutes is a perfect example of the disconnect in generations as someone living and working through it it’s obvious why people are leaving
capitalism has robbed the planet and the people of even the IDEA of TRUE FREEDOM. #JustQuit #GeneralStrike
Nothing to do with the vaccine mandate I suppose.
EMPLOYERS WANT YOU NEAR THEM SO THEY CAN SHARE THEIR POWER STRUGGLE AND ISSUES TOWARD YOU .
DISHWASHERS ARE THE LEGENDS IN THE WORK GAME
People apply for job all the time its up to the employer if they're going to be childish or not and hire people
You don’t want to mention people losing their freedoms? LOL typical
DISHWASHERS ARE THE ONLY MEN THAT WORK FOR REAL
As a Doctor I feel patients and customers........are becoming very aggressive to their service providers
Video was a waste of time to watch. Any employee have these exact thoughts
60 Minutes is now the mouthpiece for the bourgeoisie
Let's not forget, when the market crashes, jobs will disappear, 401ks will be worth 50% less. Pensions too. How many families will file bankruptcy now rather than work? Better prepare.
They will go back to work when Biden stops the welfare
This is a sign of privilege to me. I have a disability and it took me a year to get somebody to take a chance on me and hire me. It’s a minimum wage retail job. I get people are feeling burnt out but they have the luxury of getting hired the next day if they change their mind. I am incredibly grateful for my retail job. It beats living on SSI!
I plan to retire early, anywhere between the end of February to the middle of April.  I will be 59 and 1/2 years old in February and can withdraw from my 401 K at that age without paying any penalties.  I am a cook in a nursing home and my body cannot take wearing a thick K95 mask much longer.  I never though that I would be doing this job at my age, but the pay was decent and time got away from me.  It is a fast paced environment and wearing a mask makes breathing difficult.  It is hard to focus on my job.  I don't take my break until 30 minutes before my shift ends.  My plan is to live off of my savings for a few months, until I heal my mind and body and then work part time at a job that doesn't ruin my health until I turn 62 years old.  My goal is not to try to be the richest person in the graveyard!
People are not dumb enough work for what I enough pay to live 😒
I’m just waiting for the government to stop giving out money. I bet anything people will run around looking for work.
I'm 60. I stayed home with my kids from 35_45 years old. We sacrificed and that is what families are doing. Also Bommers took early retirement. This will affect stocks who won't be floated by 401k contributions. Millenials can't invest bc student loans so they'll be filling positions vacated. Give an a minute to figure it out.
Cause, that vaccine mandate.
JUST YOUR LOSER BOSS IN DEBT AND PAYS YOU NOTHING TO HELP HIM OUT OF IT . THATS NOT A JOB
So how are people making it without work? I would assume that there would be so much displacement with people not wanting to work especially with the increase of price for everything. Cost of goods are up, gas prices are up, housing prices across the country are up as well. How is everyone living without working?
This makes sense. After the Black plague Europeans would "vote with there feet" Since the population was cut in half peasants would move to whichever Lord that was fair and just which led to reforms and the Renaissance.
Has it ever occurred that America is falling younpointed out why ppl are moving to cheaper places one being Miami are you stupid this propaganda. Miami is one 9f the most expensive places to live
They don't want employees. They want slaves to help enrich themselves. Employers don't appreciate. The hard work people put in. Employees work in inhospitable conditions. My own job didn't even pay holiday pay for working on Thanksgiving. I only make 10$ an hour. That's not good money for anyone. Employers don't give any real incentives to work.
There going to have to end poverty pretty soon
Y’all forgot to mention death…everyone who died and “left” the job market.
How about all those people fired from their jobs for refusing to take what they consider to be a dangerous experimental jab? How about them?
it's because they realize that all of their money, the whole economy, is going to the tech Giants, and other industry Giants, and leaving them with nothing why work when all of their earnings are going into the pockets of the already enormously wealthy?
Health care for one ☝🏽 we don’t get paid enough while working with sick and elderly patients we are not getting benefits and pay is only $13 agencies are taking the $3 have not giving us a raise a Christmas bonus nothing at all unfortunately i can’t leave my job because not all of us have help or any other source of income I have bills and responsibilities.
I worked as a Verizon sales representative. But now I’m starting a internship working with blockchain technology and AI. Constantly touching peoples phones during the pandemic. Pretty dangerous.. management changed and the hours I was promised were taken away. I had to work 2 extra days. Full weekends every week. But the cherry on top were the customers. I couldn’t stand working with uneducated and rude customers.
How will the pendulum swing Back in favor of the employers. There are still 95% of workers, of all ages and incomes, that are potentially fed up with employers tactics.
This why you treat your people good and pay them better because once people had the chance to open they eyes they headed out
Face diapers and experimental jabs?
Yea and "the Mexicans are taking our jobs"
Got to Spoiled. ..lazy, defiant, ..glad I'm old...☺
I feel like that currently. Through with the rat race and the way employers treat their employees. People think that going off on your own is crazy….but being in a 9-5 is more of the crazy idea. We need to start living our lives.
All of our people are leaving for more money at other companies.  They are just quiting they are upping their salaries.  See people now days, are way more mobile and willing to leave.
Vax mandates
Many people are slaves to a job because in America health insurance is largely tied to employment. No other advanced nation has such a system...and for good reason.
Just quit my job - reason: incredible high stress from customers/management, constant monitoring/evaluation/micromanagement, and many meetings focused on what will get you fired.  All for very basic pay.  It's primary business module for employees - FEAR!
Plain and simple workers across the US are leaving BAD Jobs and BAD Bosses! Quit blaming the work force and offer better jobs! The bread crumbs being dangled with a year that will see inflation grow and grow is a joke! Government benefits are what you get for paying endless taxes, so shameless employers having issues with it, while then asking for government assistance should seriously use a mirror and get a clue!   Start offering meaningful jobs not worthless ones! Pay the people what they're worth not what it convenient! Corporations aren't people! Actual people are people and deserve respect and diginity for the years they're willing to commit to a job! BAD jobs have never offered that. And from the looks of it they never will!
Why do part time workers not get beifits? All benefits should be prorated by the hour. Yes bonuses are benefits. Some employers gain from having part time workers, yet they withhold the benefits. If you are working, you are also generating profits, regardless of the hours worked. WAKE UP PEOPLE!!!!
There has to be some kind of meeting in the middle here......just like out of control home prices right now.....this will swing back the other way somewhat eventually, but things have changed for good...I look at the covid deal like WWII.....
This video is a crock! The REAL reason people are resigning is because of the vaccine mandates, period! People don’t want to be told they have to get the jab to keep their job. People also chose to move from state that have overbearing governments to states that don’t.
Wages need to go up since workers are making rich people even more rich while giving up there life for little pay. Hopefully this trend continues, we are tired of working forever for nothing. Cost of living goes up every year, more than what a small raise can pay for. Done spending our life's on lies, cut hours, cut pay, low pay, and cheap employers.
If you don't work you don't eat
Vaccine mandates? Lol wtf is that not a thing.
To be quite honest, it’s terrifying because you may not like your work but if you don’t do it, and if your neighbor doesn’t do it, somebody smarter and more skilled than you will make a robot that does it for you.
People that own companies tend to be on the selfish or self centered side. For them, it is fun to go to work because they are working for themselves. They truly believe they are a giving a gift to their employees by employing them and paying them. Most people are already incapable of empathy, even more so people who are in a position of power.  There must be a balance between adequate pay and hours worked. Employers must come to terms with the fact that workers don’t want some dumb T-shirt with a company logo on it and a bag of cheap snacks as a “care” package. They want money. Money is the grease that coats the gears of society. If you don’t want squeaky gears, grease ‘em up and keep ‘em maintained. Simple.
This news commentator , changes the subject and go in a different direction , again why are people quitting there jobs ! Again they don’t want to face reality it’s because the blue states are in disarray!
LOL, quit last year and no regrets!!!!!
If companies are eager to hire, as she says, then why aren't people getting call-backs when they apply?
Seems to me there is a lot of misinformation here...... If people are quitting that means there are open positions to be filled...... Where are they? Where are all the open positions with companies looking to higher people?   LMAO you can't trust journalism anymore..... It seems they all have agendas now..... If this is true it is only in isolated areas...... It's definitely not happening in my area.....
Me and my wife are quitting this month. Our company pays good and has good benefits but treat there hard workers like dirt and do nothing about lazy and for some reason they can’t figure out why there good people are leaving.
Sure, it had nothing to do with free government handouts…nice spin 60 Minutes.
I quit a year before the scamdemic
No debts + low life cost = I don't need this job anymore
Because they are tired of being slaves to the corporate society……driving to work everyday in their metal coffins, spending their whole day working for dimes for rich corporations. They are tired of their whole week being taken away from them while given only the weekend for themselves. When they get their checks, almost half of it is gone in taxes. No one is living in America, they are only surviving and they are tired of it!!!
No they 60 mins is fake news , it’s because they are tired of the blue states policy and laws that is disingenuous and destroying those states . They are moving to the red states , law and order is on top of the list . They are moving and quitting there jobs , to safer cities and states !
Women staying home to raise their children rather than putting them in daycare is a good thing.
If you work 40 to 60 hours a week and you can't pay your bills what's the point ?
Stop all unemployment benefits and hand outs.  Get a job or don't eat that would solve the labor problem
DUUUUUUUUH DONT WANT THE VACCINE THATS WHY.....
If you are in the bottom 90% of workers this is all a good thing.
Take a look around at the laziness, why grab the torch, society is cracked, and the american worker is under attack, let's go brandon.
After  they let folk go for not having the shot
Everyone keeps saying they didn't talk to any workers who quit...I could have sworn the lady who quit her marketing job counts as a worker who quit 😂
If workers felt they had an interest in the business and were paid a % of profits there wouldn’t be a worker shortage. People are tired of seeing the corporate side get all the benefits while they do all the work.
What employers seem to be missing is that when they hire, they're not 'buying' labor, they're entering into a PARTNERSHIP with that employee. That employee is offering their energy, muscle, brains, time, etc, in exchange for a share of the organization's success. Companies need to stop looking at employees as 'tools' or 'resources' that can be bought, used up, thrown away and replaced, and start looking at them as business partners who also deserve to share in the organization's success...or failure. If the company makes 2x profits, the employees make 2x wages, whether thru a bonus, or increased pay, or some other mechanism.   Employees are leaving because their business partners are reaping all the benefits, while the employees' are doing all the work. Anybody would leave that kind of partnership.
Funny how employers are supposedly so desperate but lots of people are reporting no callbacks and the hiring process taking MONTHS. Something has to change.
They are forgetting the fact that ordinary people are making a great living thanks to crypto.
I am loving the fact that it's all falling apart a long time ago and employer used to say see that door there's a line of people outside that door ready to take your job now it's all changed around and that employer is forced to treat you like a human being as opposed to a piece of cattle in your face
industry in Florida as a whole are horrible Wages are extremely low hours are extremely high and employers expect you  To do 5 people's jobs
They want you to be perfect,have a degree and be willing to work for 13 bucks an hour.
"Americans are burnt out"...Americans need to be seeking a better quality of life...not just more things. Capitalism creates more innovation and more wealth for more people than any other economic system but it will also consume people and turn them into nothing more than pieces of equipment to be used up and then thrown away if allowed to do so.
Guy says he doubled revenue year over year… but employees didn’t get any more probably
Perfect time to reinvent labor unions
Probably wants a bachelor degree for all the waiter jobs lol
The Bible says the labor is much, but the laborers r few.
How many working aged adults died because of Covid?
well without education or skill !! there isn't commitment !! today the new  generation lack of this inclouding aliens
Many Americans r tired of being told they should b happy they have a job. Truth b told, we need each other. People r tired of being devalued @ jobs that expect the most 4 the least pay.
We are hiring 12⚡ volt installers in Pennsylvania
I am thrilled to see that more people are thinking about their lives differently and in a more thoughtful way rather than toiling year after year just to pay the bills.  Really good news and story. Thanks!
from the goobers at 60 minutes
Because the media is pumping fear into their hearts.
Could this be from people dying from covid as well?
PEOPLE MADE A KILLING IN THE STOCK MARKET LAST YEAR...This has sparked a ton of new cash as a cushion for most
Healthcare jobs are vacant due to covid
Pay attention people they are  trying to replace us with illegal immigrants,New York has now decided to give them the right to vote,and then even offered them 450k for coming here illegally and turn it around like the government separated them,they are literally trying to replace Black Americans ,the time is now to go home Africa,be a its booming there!
People are tired of disrespectful customers and management for such low pay.. raise the wages! Not the cost of living they are tired of living check to check or only enough money to pay bills
The employers need to pay better and offer more benefits
Retired early because of the woke culture...I didn't fit in.
One job won't cut it anymore.   Now a days we need 3 jobs.     It's just not worth it.
It’s NOT a “worker problem”, but an employer-wants-it-all mindset problem.
This is why entry jobs are going to be automated  Which means kids are going to have a harder time finding a job because the more advanced jobs need more qualifications
Immigrants will come and do the jobs and rightfully so. North Americans are spoiled rotton. In other countries people will risk their life for these jobs. I say import the labor
This is so typically american. The benefits have NOTHING to do with it. The problem is that the standard of wages are below the cost of living.
Used that  money 2  traveling to the  space 🙈
The public in America is tired of being overworked and abused on the jobs by their employer. The public in America is tired of miss treatment by their employer and not being able to take time off if something happens in the family most employees at all to come back to work before the time or a win an employee is going vacation they get interrupted by their employer telling them to come back to work. And most importantly the middle class society in America is tired of not being able to spend quality time with your children. Most Americans are quitting the jobs and becoming their own employer by independently opening up a business for themselves because they have had enough I’ll be in abused and mistreated and under paid by their employer.
I told my wife to walk away ……… Child care went through the roof and when we finally shut down and did the math it just worked out way better for my wife to stay at home not to mention the taxes I feel like more than half my check is being taken every single month and although I may be in a high income bracket I have six dependents and it doesn’t even feel like it makes a dent as far as taxes are concerned
We are fed up with all the drama, caused by the democrat party being run by alarmist! This is a reaction government rather than a leadership run government.
This is an employers problem. If you pay me nothing i wont work.
the great resignation, you mean?  more & more people are not willing to be wage slaves for any d**n longer employers, executives & CEOs have all reaped the benefits & bonuses off the backs of workers for long damn enough.
Corporate America sucks that’s why
Wow build back better joe keeps telling us how many fn jobs he's creating! What bullish!   This country is fu$%÷#!
Employers are going to have to take a good hard look at how they say they are treating employees vs how they are actually treating them. This includes not just pay but benefits, empowerment, advancement opportunities, how they are treated day to day by management and more. In all honesty I think dropping the 5 day work week and adopting the 4 day work week would be a much more attractive benefit. People are realizing time with friends, family and being able to enjoy time to themselves is far more important than the dollar chase we have been caught up in for too long.
My brother just quit his job saying he will just wait for his tax return money. He has 5 kids and gets so much in welfare. Love him but he is lazy. We need to stop paying people not to work in America.
Underpaid, Overworked, Overtaxed, Over Regulated and violate our Civil Rights. Anymore Stupid Questions ?
It's really a sign of those places treating their employees at an unvalued rate. They barely acknowledged it. But it's out there.
I’m happier working for myself and in the safety of my home. When I want and however long I want. 👸🏽
Because 60 minutes is fake news. That's why. Cancel 60 minutes. STRIKE1 REVOLT!
It is time to provide good pay, healthcare that includes (vision,dental all in one) 25-30 day payed leave, two years of paternity leave with protection to return to their work. Housing need to be more affordable. How can America expect for people to work three or four jobs just to make a living and still can afford healthcare for their family. The greed of this country and the rich people on the shoulders of the American working people it’s disgusting. The people doing the right thing to quit their jobs to let them know it is time for a change, Americans don’t need to live in a modern holocaust Hitler time to where it says work makes you free.
I'd say a good portion of it is people having lost faith in their government. They take a big portion of your pay and then tax you on everything you buy with whats left. When you realize they are doing more harm than good with your money, you lose motivation.
4 bosses and one highly paid worker interviewed. Exploiter propaganda at it's finest. CCCP has nothing on you in terms of hamfisted propaganda. XD
Don't assume 60 Minutes told you the entire truth or scope of the issue. They have an agenda like all media does. Just by watching this video I spotted it almost immediately. I know of a few huge parts of this issue they didn't address. I know they can't address every issue but these are major pieces to the puzzle they chose not to include.
Nobody wants to be the small fish in the big pond anymore. These big companies have all the leverage over little companies when it comes to benefits, pensions, 401k, and medicare. What these big companies cannot give you is "sense of worth" which helps us build self asteem. I went from roofing & siding to working at a Target warehouse because I needed better health insurance to pay for my meds. It destroyed my sense of worth and caused my depression. So I quit!!!!!!!
The only jobs that are open are jobs that nobody wants. Most jobs that pay decent are only hiring over qualified people…
Under payed, under valued, under insured.  AND during a pandemic?! Gee, I wonder why?..
If a job offers a sign-on bonus, “competitive wages”, and “family-like” atmosphere: RUN FAR away from that place
As a retail employee of 22 years I’m very glad this is happening. Retail abused me and many of my coworkers for too long, they would say things like if you don’t like it leave there’s 100 just like you waiting to get into your position. Since the virus I now have a dream job that builds me up pays me much better and appreciates me!
Low pay, lack of benefits, no respect from employer or customer, unpredictable shifts. Duh.
Such a fake video
Because many people aren't going to be forced to take vaccines just so that they can make a mediocre income.
Benefits? Yo, those checks stopped months ago
Americans want a Livable Wage it's as simple as that.  Long gone are the days where Americans stay at a job to be treated like a second class citizen 🖕🤪
could it be that employees are being killed for asking people to mask?
Nobody called it the big quit, way to be biased right off the bat. And if they are calling it that, they definitely were benefiting before.
Gen z ain’t putting up with the employers bs
"We've doubled our revenue year after year" okay? Did you pass any of that on to your employees? No wonder you have no one who wants to work for you.
Low pay and no respect sorry
Take this job and shove it  Yikes
My mama mustache and shut scream boomer
Because the system doesn’t let us have more time with family. We get one day off a week and need atleast 6-8 hours of sleep at night. Family before ya know it is all dead and gone.
60 minutes touching on how out of touch they have actually been it’s not a feeling 😂
We're tired of not getting paid what were worth.
Meanwhile in the rest of the world people fighting for working opportunity! God bless America 🇺🇸 that afford its people to choose whatever they want to work ☝💯
Wasn’t the twin towers attack an attack on the financial institutions of America? How’s it going 19 years later? Need another 20 years to figure out who the enemy is?
If the employees surrounded their employer would the employer beg for his life ? The employer knows he is an enemy inside of America
i were working as a waiter but in Denmark we get a good hourly pay so we dount need tips, give a fair pay so the waiter dount need a big tip to have a great work day, a danish waiter get 150 danish kroner a hour thats 23,50 dollars and then he pays tax but he is in the low incom group so he only pay 38% of 42 % of his pay ... so in 1 mounth he make 25.000 danish kroner of that he have a deduction of 8000 that are tax free so he pay 38% of 17.000 thats 6460 in tax so he taks home 18640 danish kroner each mounth thats 2871 dollers
Housing costs fall under the definition of terrorism
They should have interviewed a single parent or a single person who can't rely on their spouses insurance. It's a completely different dynamic when you have someone to lean on. I would be interested to see the demographics of the great resignation.
Why Work when you Can't Afford to Live? Can't Even Afford the Basic; Medical, Food, Utility Cost, Clothes, and All Taxable Items, such as Toilet Paper, and Paper Towels, Soap and etc, Thank Goodness for Dollar Stores. Right?
People need more money for the risk
Every single person who's quit there jobs has signed up for a PPP It's my money and I want it now.. how do they pay there bills? People who are working and paying higher taxes are taken care of the ones who's not working ummm sumthin ain't right America
Vaccine mandate.. I know a bunch of people who quit because of this!
Pay more money that’s it stop making it hard to understand it’s simple
Wish I could with mines. just at times
My employer hasn’t give us a raise more then 5 years. I will join the movement!!!
Let us talk about the POOR management in American jobs! Bosses and owners want robots they can narcissistically abuse.
The American People are Waking Up! 👍 Under-Paid, & Over-Work!
It's because of the news fear mongering
Companys not hiring unless you can do 3 jobs in one for 10-12 hrs daily 6-7 days weekly for min wage
Greektown casino has a 10 points system that is designed for the employees to fail.  Greektown casino does not care about their employees health at all.  I'm not dying to work for you. Catch covid-19 and die for 16.00hr. No thanks! We just figured out how to make money for ourselves on our time.
This woman is stupid.  People are quitting the retail and hospitality industry's because there's no security.  The pandemic proved this.   Employers might adverse help wanted  but they do not hire qualified people.  It's all bs.
I had just graduated 18 mnths med school then came covid and then vac mandates so im not working
How many people have been deported ??????
I like how these women gain control by leaving job to rely on male husband working for the bills and laugh about it .
So many people don’t want to work in low paying jobs
Wait. They just said yesterday on the news (January 12) that there's a huge spike in the o word, however, there is a huge decline in hospitalizations and deaths. So it's not from fear it seems. Also after layoffs in 2012, they said it was shocking how many more women's than men were layoffs !!
Why  so many people don’t want to work ?
In today's world getting a degree or a certification in something useful will lead to livable pay good pay so on and so forth. Also most people don't even live within their means so this whole exit thing because I'm worth more is dumb
It's called the 'Big Shift'! The 'Silver Tsunami' was inevitable regardless. Retail, hospitality, health care and other job 'quits' are a result of the Covid pandemic, continued political indifference (BLM, MAGA pro/anti vax, CRT, white privilege, social media, illegal immigrants etc...) and some believe that a 'woke' in job pay for peanuts compared to more pay in unemployment checks was also a factor. For many workers that is/are labeled 'Unsung Hero/ines', it takes a toll when there is no relief in sight and so it creates the acceptance of 'throwing in the towel' or just moving on. Normal Capitalistic thinking is to 'go where the money is' which may no longer be the current job anymore. So there really is no 'aha' moment on why the Big Shift is happening. So long as Covid is still an issue, some people will just decide to sit on the fence and watch for the 'all clear' before they come back to work. As far a remote work, it became a necessity more than ever because of social distancing/children at home vs. school and now with a new taste of a sort of 'work freedom of movement environment' per se, has led to it being a much more pleasing type of work experience for some jobs. Employers in the end will have the power to determine the length of this new way of 'offsite work' to stay or revert back to onsite lower wage job visa personnel/shifting to outsourcing overseas at lower pay wages.
I stop watching 60 minutes until I saw the unfair practice to President Trump. Now they don't want to tell the truth of why American are quitting jobs. SAD but not surprised with US Media. The CBS I knew from the 60s or 70s is gone.
See this is great but a lot of people who are quitting those jobs that are minimum wage think that they're worth more per hour and they're not they are worth minimum wage because it's the minimum skill to do a job that if they don't get it together will eventually be taking over by a robot
Retiring early—can you imagine?
Many employers,wont hire older employees
What you see, is folk's ain't going to loose there life over a job. This move just show's whose better off , given others a chance to work but don't really think people going to during a pandemic. Its crazy that things are open during this.  We all need to be on the same page , if we going to beat this.           God help us. Plz. Lord. Ty.
What is the pay rate?!? The dollar value is down hill. You cannot afford a living with anything under $20 here in VT. No affordable housing, no transportation, no childcare, etc.
Easy answer; They don’t support Communist BS Mandates!
Good management.  Biden brings in illegal immigrants to fill the job market demand in.
Easy answer: Pay your employees a fair wage with benefits. Treat your employees with respect. Pretty easy, RIGHT?
Because of shortage of workers companys are hiring employees to do 2-3 job position in one for one wage very long hours
Workers are being smarter.. Rent,food,ect.. are going up.. And ppl need more money. No matter what job one have
What about the Mandated Vaccines,  that the President is enforcing? Didn't that impact the 22 million jobs? They couldn't go back unless they got vaccinated... that's the way i understood it,  so we got creative. Thank God
Women quit jobs more because they are scared more.
It's obvious.  We all know the world  is coming  to the end. It's just common  sense.  And now we don't want to be living our end time being  slaves. It's time to enjoy  the rest of our lives.
People are forced to quit jobs because of repressive vaccine mandates.
well for me and many others i know it will be over the mandate if scotus does not stop it as they should.
I would quit my job too if they were mandating me get get a vaccine !  I am Just saying :)
The employer is only concerned about money. Not the good, the true and the beautiful. Why should I have to fill out paperwork all day just to enter our dystopian modern labor conditions?
Since the dislike button is now "gone" BOOOO TOMATO TOMATO TOSS TOSS TOMATO BOOO
Caption your videos.
if there jobs how are they serving without money?
I’ve read most comments and some are true it is employers wanting loyalty but none in return. If you really think of the market they spoke of its mainly jobs that require interaction with other people.   Since the pandemic and the current mindset of people I see why people quitting those jobs. People have alarmingly become more abusive to workers.
People with skills are not working for others but working for themselves now.  Employers can’t give everyone what they want so people are going out there making there own money.
Employers need to start understandIng that life does not revolve around WORK. Some employers are so unsympathetic when it comes to life issues and it's sad because they are willing to lose good hardworking people. I'm sure they understand that the people are the driving force behind businesses, without them your company won't thrive.
The Republicans broke the Unions. No one ever talks about that.
Straight up. I dont want to be around the people who are ok with keeping a toxic job.
No one wants to work all week and barely have enough money left over for gas the next week after you pay your bills.
Americans have less vacation time than other countries.  I work at Amazon, work 10 hours a day on feet, constantly moving. Peak we work five 12 hour days. Never know if we have over, can just happen 2 days before your overtime day.
It people tired of being told to shoulder the workload of 2 or 3 people barely paid for the work of one and then blamed by the employer for not being able to do the work of 2 or 3.
Low wages, people don't wanna deal with rude customers, people don't wanna deal with rude employees & rude supervisors
Why not interview the actual workers? Instead of listening the employers? Shame on you 60Minutes..
Employers should take notes from Europe.
NO ONE WANTS TO BE FORCED TO TAKE A VACCINE THEY DONT BELIVE IN OR F**ING TRUST.  F** DR FAUCI
Better pay is not 10-15 dollars a hour when everything like rent gas food etc is sky high there plan is to increase rates then raise everything up to pretty much keep you in the same spot they want you to think you making more but you just actually not don’t be a fool to the governments game why you think they taxing you cash app etc income they don’t want you to get ahead stay woke people company making money hand over fist but want people to work for pennies
It’s called working from home with higher pay. It’s when a supervisor tells you to take off your mask I said no, then tries to ripping off your face. Walmart suspended supervisor 3 days, there horrible treatment of employees they will have a hard time keeping employees even at 15.00 dollars hour.
Because people are finally starting to wake up to the fact that corporations don't care about us workers. Time for us to fight back
Cause thier govt is paying them more to stay home then they make contributing to society.
People are taking the red pill and getting out of the Matrix.
This didn’t explain at all why people are leaving the workforce…
Generally speaking, employers treat employees as if were a commodity, not a person.
The pandemic caused people to look up and evaluate their situation. I think most seen how short and unpredictable  life is and there's no room for companies driving you in the ground anymore. The killer of the American worker is the companies insatiable appetite for more profit at all cost, company greed not shared has cost them loyalty from their work force.  Burn out your employee, then hire another. I think those days are over.
What about the high taxes and inflation is that the migration problem in these democratic controlled cities and states? When all this kicks into gear along supply problems then China taking Taiwan later this year it's coming will it tumble the global economy then what? You can only blame Trump and the pandemic for so long so what do they do in Washington go on as many spending spree's as they can. The tribulation period of Matthew 24 is upon us the answer is in the Gospel repent and accept the Lord of Lords as your savior.
Bull !!!! It's not a stimulus check that's keeping then out of work. Because if the job is not paying enough how is a stimulus going to pay enough. 🤔
I know what the problem is you don’t pay people enough
this is what is causing inflation.  In a way it is a good thing.
Whats the name of James Johnson construction company?
Pay, respect, and bosses
Interview ACTUAL WORKERS WHO LEFT DUE TO POOR TREATMENT POOR WORK ENVIRONMENTS AND ETC. THEY CAPPING AT THIS POINT BECAUSE THEY DOINH THEIR JOB TALKING ABOUT PEOPLE WITH NO JOBS. COMPANIES ARE NOT THAT EAGER TO HIRE BECAUSE IF THAT WERE THE CASE THEY WOULD TREAT THE EMPLOYEES WITH RESPECT AND CLEAN PLACES TO WORK IN DECENT PEOPLE TO WORK WITH WHO ENJOY THEIR JOB VERSES SHOWING UP FOR A CHECK
And that’s why I deleted my linked in
also 5 million are out of the workforce because of death and illness since 2020...heavily skewed towards hourly wage positions
*vaxport* mandates don't help
I graduated during pandemic and i got job as software engineer working from home , i have never worked from office and no idea how it will feel to work from office😁
Good for them! Working from home should always be an option if possible.
We wonder how... The fuxin vaccine mandates! I just figured it out, morons!
I mean how many people died again 800K+ that's why alot of the jobs are open
People who actually quit and weren’t fired due to not getting a vaccine are just plain dumb. All that happens is that you make it worse for yourself. Larger wages mean more inflation. You will never have more money even if your pay is increased because everything else increases cost. Your designed to be poor and you always will be in this world. All that you did was make the poor even poorer. You guys all share one brain cell cause you didn’t learn anything in school. All you guys do is sit at home and play video games and complain. I see it every day when I work on your air conditioning. Nothing will ever get better and you have to accept it, not make it worse for everyone else.
NFT is a contributing factor. Web3 and remote Work more of a better option quality of life   And North Carolina is a good place
I heard some dude named Brandon Is having an affect.
Everybody is on youtube
Maybe cause 75% of the quitters didn’t get a vaccine? 🧠
Why did you only talk to execs and someone who quit their marketing job, but no on who quit their retail or food service job? Talk to those workers and you will get more definite answers
Because of you giant companies! Pay is fair and stop stealing from us!
I worked in hospitality for many years and after reflection on the lack of appreciation and being fullg undervalued I left and I'm one year away from my rad-tech degree. I knew there was better options outside. I'm glad I did it's the best choice I could have made.
To many hands in my pockets. Especially if you work anything over 40hrs.
Sick of wasting my life on living paycheck to paycheck just to pay this expensive rent mortgage and a new car.. work then die no time with children or parents not enjoying. If I got to work I need enough time off to enjoy life
I worked for a cellular company at the height of covid, changed my perspective completely. The employer/district lead put us at risk numerous times for too little. I moved onto self employment in January of 2021, things have been fantastic
I need a jobs call me up asap
They want to control us. Soup lines on the way. No cash. Digital money. Men will get their guns out.
They are waiting for Joe to hire all the liberals in cushion jobs with high pay!  We have been lied to, stolen from and you want us to trust the gubberment? Not Republican, Not Democrat, But American. Teacher's have failed our children and now we are about to pay for it.
How many left their job over VACCINE MANDATES??? I would leave too!! No vaccine for this plandemic for me, ever! Also MASK mandates. Both ridiculous.
Life is too short
Trump was on that government check. He wasn't the one who gave the benefits. Get that visual manipulation under control. That is our current president. JOE BIDEN
60 minutes just another corporatist mouthpiece
What!? Say it ain't so , people don't want to spend their lives making pizza!
As a non-American living in some dirt-poor of a third world country, what this tells me is: wow... so that is how developed "developed countries" are. You all look so lucky. People in my area are jumping to their deaths. Marriages are broken bcos a dad can no longer provide for his family, etc. But, suffering is suffering, I guess. People from rich nations have their own set of problems as much as we do. Although I must say: yours really define "first world problems".
Socialism 101....stay home  Collect ! The  goverment MUST support  you ! You  are a victim !
Don't you have to be fired to qualify for unemployment?  Then where are the people who quit their jobs getting their money from if they are single with no spouse or family support or no savings?
interview the people who are quiting, not the researchers
King James Version  Luke 11:28 But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it.  Proverbs 18:22 Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD.  1 Corinthians 11:13 Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?  Luke 19:23 Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury?
1. No one calls back for jobs and 2. Who ever is not working what are they doing ?
The mandate probably does not help.
I do agree with the restaurant owner a lot of people are not sitting home and COLLECTING STIMULUS benefits. People are seeking other employment opportunities for better competitive wages. Many retail jobs, education, restaurant industry, etc., do not pay as well. Also, the level of education and experience play a role in the job market in your area. I want to add moving from metropolitan cities to smaller cities and towns is going to have the same housing cost and closings costs but with more homeowners requirements and cheaper prices.
Because is high taxes
Work 40 to 50 hours a week and can't afford to eat due to the High price of Rent Gas utilities and Food. Everything went up except our Pay Checks. What's a person to do when you only make enough money to pay rent?
Because Americans, as a whole, have lost self respect and self reliance. It’s all about fun entertainment now. Too much time to consume and have fun to work. Let the government take care of that part. Well you can count me out.
Trash hours trash pay
Because it's all fraud and the system is bankrupt. So 2.2 million criminals go to prison or hangs
As usual, no mention of people not wanting to be forced into getting vacine shots they either feel they don't need (already had covid/antibodies), or don't believe are as efficacious as touted, etc. 60 mins. wouldn't touch any of those possibilities. Too logical. Only people who can still think for themselves would reason that way. For everyone else, it has to be explained by 'experts'.
WoW!  13 minutes and not even a touching the fact that people may not want to go back to these jobs because they don’t want to be exposed to the virus.
Employers have become greedy, do not treat employees with respect, they do want robots. Its not worth it anymore, overworked, underpaid, treated with disrespect,  bullied, and much more. Life is to short.  Id rather be happy and poor, than rich and unhappy.
What's your definition of better pay?
Miami does not have more affordable housing lmao
https://youtu.be/uZOcj2CC9VY
The final straw that made me switch jobs was when my former employer wanted to show us all their appreciation for our hard work by passing out swag bags containing company branded pens and pencils and note pads and post its and other free office supplies we could use to do more work.  They also tried to convince me that replacing our free coffee machines with fancy new ones that could dispense multiple types of coffee drinks - but cost $2.50 per small half-filled cup - was an upgrade.  Oh then their annual raises were based off your "annual review score" where they ranked your performance on a scale of 1-5 across several different categories.  To get a raise you had to get straight 5's.  They always found something to give you a 4 in - because no one is perfect and there's always room for improvement.  My 4 was in attendance - While I showed up on time every day and never called off, there were a few days where a heavy workload was anticipated, and I should have taken initiative and came in early those days.
People are tired of living a pipe dream... They're stuck with student loan debt that's astronomical and housing is unaffordable. So people are rewriting the script and living simpler lifestyle.
Because simple life is better life... for everyone. You'd be surprised at how little we actually need to live in better health and happiness.
How did this end up on my feed, BS show with BS views.
Join the Industrial Workers of the World.  One big union, for all workers.
People simply do not want to be owned.
I hear in the news that nobody wants to work and there are a lot of jobs, but most of them they don't pay well they are part time and it's impossible to get a second job because of scheduling and if people have 2 jobs, when are they suppose to spend quality time with their family ?and family with children it's hard to find a sitter, day care is also too expensive.
What are all the quitters doing for money? Do they quit paying their bills as well?
Employers should be glued to the comments below which touches on the reasons employees are not returning.  Companies should put employees first because they will not have a business.  They have ignored this fact or rationalized putting other factors ahead.  It is coming home to roost for many work sectors.
For service jobs, those don't pay a living wage so why bother working in those jobs.
Instead of passing up this opportunity build your own business.  No more working for the “man.”  While the pandemic cut through the country…There was no intervention to help the workers…They need us more than we need them.  Don’t settle.  Don’t go back to letting them dictate your life.
Question I have for any who works for retail: should I quit in 6 months or 1 whole year to show I have experience?
Because people know their worth and they are tired of the disrespect.
How do you pay your bills????? 🤯🤯🤯
I left my job because of horrible management not paying me what they should and hiring new people and paying them more.
We should allow more immigrants into america quicker and easier to help the labor market
60 Minutes It is clear by the comments you did not get the full story here. Is 60 Minutes committed to truth in journalism? The corporate hand wringing presented here is more blame shifting and less taking responsibility. If corporations backed universal healthcare, funded daycare, paid a living wage and supported their workers desire to live stress free lives, labor problems would fade. Revenues are up for a few but for most the struggle increases everyday. Please tell the full story.
People are fking lazy and entitled!!! They want the government to give them everything!!!!
It’s also good to note that it’s not all these things wrapped into one for each job avenue. In my example, I quit my job in summer of 2020 because my employer thought it was ok to their employees wake up on average at 4am, get to a job between 7-9am, and work until 7-8pm sometimes, which may not include travel time back home. That is not ok. The pay was great. But my mental health is far more important.
Because our evil politicians are trying to poison us with vaccines weren't tested before they gave them to human beings.
This is great initiative from educated and efficient scholars. Only they can teach required lesson to corrupt and inhuman power players (govt and corporates). Hope all capable and skilled people will resign from jobs given by greedy and manipulating corporate and political heavyweights round the globe. They should remember that all those employers are almost same, they don't know anything but profit and manipulation. Such courage to come out of slavery is appreciable.
I don’t see much diversity in this segment. Where are the white folks?
If the government pay more than my bi-weekly check. I would leave my job too. Unfortunate I love my job and I didn't got lay-off yet. lol
I’ve been working/commuting over an hour underpaid and understaffed since the start of all this crap 2019. I’m sick of not having more coworkers. People are lazy and selfish, period. I’m depressed too. I’m anxious about the future too. I have mental issues and physical issues too. Dang it, get out of your funk and remember you are keeping the country going for the FUTURE generation, not just yourself. So sick of this. These excuses are all lies.
Bull crap! People are not working because the federal government is paying them to sit home on their butts and do NOTHING.  And where does the money come from to pay these clueless, lazy, self centered parasites who can't see or think a minute into the future? It comes from taxes paid by hard working, salt of the earth Americans who CARE enough to look ahead and understand that their FAMILY's future as well as the wellbeing of their community and their country depends on folks like them who do what needs doing. The reason these parasites cite poor "working conditions" as a reason for not working is because they're being trained by liberals to play the victim and to be constantly OFFENDED. Instead of sitting on their butts thumbing their days away on social media they need to read a few REAL books, not political garbage, on our history so that they might acquire a glimmer of a clue about what behavior like theirs can do to a country and to the people who live in it. And maybe they'll learn what poor working conditions really look like.
Mandates are the reason!!
Maybe it's the over taxation of our population and the subsequent missuse of our tax money, the government is incompetent and we are losing faith
No they did not quit, you fired them. Remember? They did not want your mandatory jab🔎. 😒 they didn't give up or burnt out. You threatened them and they left, particularly in law enforcement. Remember, because we do?
LOL, celebrating lazzyiness, how we have grown. Decent people do not just quit work with nothing to go to. That's an excuse to be lazy.
How does a whole investigation and report miss the simple issue of low pay and lack of respect.
Living to work or work to live that's the question ❓You pay with peanuts you get monkeys. Companies what you to work your but off and don't pay a living wage having to work 2or 3 jobs to make a living. Just my opinion. I'm glad workers are getting control.
You can’t make customers act nicer. No one wants to deal with them and no one wants to admit that they are the Karen making customer service and retail jobs harder than they need to be.
This is what ALL American citizens need to do in ALL areas that their quality of life is affected in a negative way. That includes  consumerism, laws...etc. BOYCOTT,BOYCOTT, BOYCOTT! BOUT time we woke up, WE have the power if we are united!
There are so many open jobs because the biden administration has made it profitable to stay at home, and let the government support them. The trucking industry is down 80,000 jobs.  If its not the benefits ? How do people live. People do not quit there jobs just to starve.
Bring edd back
It's all proof that we can sabotage the "trickle down"... Recognize!!!
Why is it that 60 Minutes only featured upper middle class office workers to interview rather than the millions of Americans stuck working retail, hospitality and gig work jobs? All whom are living paycheck to paycheck, barely being able to afford their bills.    The great resignation we've been seeing is primarily a blue collar, working class issue. The people in this interview probably had thousands of dollars in their savings which enabled them to take the "risk" of quitting their previous jobs.
Gotta climb up ladder sometime. Do as your employer and rich folk. Go from employee to self-employed, business owner, investor. Be an investor and have your money make you money.
If I'm working for employer it's to start my own business
When the government stops paying them to sit at home, they’ll go back to work!  Young people are SOFT!  Everything hurts their feelings.  We’ve raised a nation of pu##ies!
Let’s address the toxic work environment let’s report on employers wanting the employees to give up their lives for no pay can 60 minutes run a story about that ? Oh and if you ask for a day off to take care of a sick child your fired ?
You can't live off $1400 you can't live off that start business yes depending on what your buying to sale
Leave these Stupid Slavery jobs
Where the work is should dictate it’s pay, if the restaurant is in a nice area then you have to pay the employees to live there!
It’s a mandate problem.
It's slavery because giving someone less money to be able to pay bills buy home and get what need and want is stealing from your workers your a dirt bag it's that simple
i think its because coorporate america sucks 😂
Because jobs are bs. Everyone deserve right to live a rewarding and fulfilling life. In this shared reality why only a few can live their dreams. All is one. Enjoy your live namaste 🙏
Well done thank you! The LinkedIn exec was what did it for me!
Pull all the freebies out of there mouths and when there stomachs are empty…..they will go back to work!  Change Jobs if needed……but not to work if able….is mostly sorriness.  Once Brandon’s new workers that are illegal crossing the border get the jobs….then they will wish they had a job so they can eat!
Mandates and paying people more to stay at home than to work, maybe the cause of some of this...
I wonder if having greater than 50% of Americans on some form of “public assistance “ might contribute? Nah, Why do you think everything we have comes from China
To start businesses  them self you can't become a high value person working regular job and they are doing under shi they are stealing from people they supposed to be hiring
They are such liars.
Duh. Mandates for experimental drugs.
They need to Quit All these Jobs why keep making them Rich make your self Rich do your own dont work dont work dont work F these Evil Jobs
lol. The pandemic didn't shut the Economy down. The response to the pandemic shut the Economy down.
She don’t want to say the real reason why
They are offering bonuses if you get there mark of the beast jab, not taking that.
People will go to work when they run out of money
I guarantee those empty positions would be filled especially in construction IF they hire felons,  they are dying to work but companies won't give them a second chance. They should have ask those ppl do you hire felons
IT SHOULDNT COST YOU YOUR LIFE TO LIVE TRUELY FREE U GET ONE LIFE ITS SLAVERY TILL UR OLD OR UR GONNA BE ON THE STREET CANT JUST WORK A PART TIME JOB MAKIN GOOD MONEY AND ENJOY LIFE EVERYONE SHOULD BE MAKIN AT LEAST 100K IF U WORK ANYWHERE PARTTIME IMAGINE HOW IT BE IF MONEY DIDNT EXIST
Too many on government handouts
if only that phenomenon would take hold here in japan.
It’s not the lack of respect n money problem.. money parts easy the respect parts easier. Most of y’all are seldom
Young people won't work if their parents are supporting them.
It’s bigger then only employers not wanting to pay more. Cost of everything in this country needs to come down. I live in west NJ. Rent for a 1 bdrm here is on average 1100-1300. You can’t make $15/hr and expect to pay your bills, while also saving. The entire framework of the country needs an overhaul. This is just the beginning.
You can't be paid $10/ hr and can afford an appartment and feed your kids. It is ridiculous!!!
The irony is that a lot of people outside the US can do and want those hotel/restaurant jobs, but Kamala Harris want those people outside the US.
USA Patriots, I'm ready to go back to trying to separate our Nation. Republicans have our own place. Democrats have theres
We’ve been getting slaved by our employers for years
Direct result of racist policies to keep decent and hard-working Mexicans from working in the states.
european style working conditions of 1920 now reached the usa. see you in 2120
Its useless to submit a resume on linkedin. It sits in a black hole
Covid may have a recovery rate of 99.5% but it killed the retail industry...those still standing are totally burnt. China did what it set out to do.
Oh no, god forbid people should make their own food
10 years ago …I started working in a Cafeteria as a Server …next I know I was promoted as a Cashier…short Time after promoted to a Grill Cook ,before I knew I was running the whole front Cafeteria by my self …for not more than a $1 more than I hade started…at the End of 10 years I also was doing all the pick and go Boxes ( Salads & Sandwiches & other pick & go foods …all in 1 Shift including all of the other Titles I mentioned…working sometimes 7 Days straight with 1 Day here or there “ Off “ in the last 2 years …I chose early Retirement ! I don’t blame the People for not wanting to work …this is a new Generation & they don’t want to walk in there Parents Shoes !
Biden.
Why are jobs choosing to quit their people in record numbers? They could just like pay people more and this would not be an issue..
Well , when all those jobs are taken by robots what will they do then? It’s coming and soon😁
Because the government is incentivizing this right now in order as part of the engineering to create the society they want to rule over. Now the AP is going to saying to stop reporting covid case numbers.  Why? These same case numbers where what was used to call Trump a nd any business that tried to stay open murderers on a loop by the media. But now its ok to not report those numbers,  looks to bad for Joe and the dems. Wonder how those business's and people feel now, that it was not so important after all, since now its no longer to be reported, Or it is being strongly recommended and advised by the AP to not report it any longer. Inflation was at 1.4% in 2021 when Joe took office, Exactly one year later its at 7%, and in 4 months it will be at 20% and some how this is sold as Progress? Biden said about car prices, only 2 things can be done. One make more cars, or Two, make people more poor so they can not afford cars and thus lowering demand. If trump said anything like this it would be war in the streets, but now this BS is ok??  this is great progress, if you are enslaving America into a communist prison.
When it's over????...ITS OVER!!
Minimum wage is a joke. It’s for teenagers who work through summer. I don’t blame people for not wanting to work all day for $40🤡.
Because American jobs treat employees like slaves and have no compassion it’s just about money and numbers not about people and actual life. We get no paid time off no vacation and have to pay out of pocket for healthcare dental care it’s completely insane. This country is a joke
No more free labor
Duh if you don't get, then you can't, what is the point of all of this, the American dream is a nightmare, self slavery is over,we have been without and things keep getting better the less I worry about the American lie,the world didn't end when we quit beating our heads against the rock and stopping and looking around caused many epiphanies one of which is what we are working towards.
Why should they work? The Government is paying for Their and the children s up keep.Why Work.   The elderly is not able to work don't have enough money to live on and pay their bills. No one cares...... I F we could work we would..we want to KEEP our bills paid.
Let's see we go to give him somebody 600 a week and unemployment down to 300 and unemployment canceling their rent or mortgage with no evictions too prepaying child tax credit I would be tired of working too but other people's money will run out soon enough live for the moment you'll reap your Rewards
If you want to know why anything is happening in the world around you, go talk to your brother, your neighbor, your friend, the stranger in the grocery line. They will tell you. Believe them before you believe media outlets.
The great resignation maybe mandates, low wages, abuse no rewards etc...
The internet/ social media has changed worked as well - historically, people would find the social aspect of work as part of their identity. I think this is less impactful. I used to work a corporate job - the part I hated the most was wasted time on nonsense, be it a meeting or staying at your desk just to clock out. Companies that shift to - get x done, will see a much happier employee, which should be the goal.
So what are the people doing for money ??
I left my job just before Christmas because it was horribly understaffed and we were getting pulverized by customers fed up with hour long or more waiting times. I'd worked there previously and management did not take any of employees' suggestions. It's like a general calling the shots from afar when the soldiers on the ground are telling him to do something else. Low level employees get NO respect and employers expect loyalty, but give none in return. We're fed up!!!
This is amazing
I need to work, I don't have a money tree, how do you live
FJB
the great having to mask and vaccinate....round and round we go with bigpharma mob producing and spreading sickness and msm spreading fear like always
What stimulus and unemployment benefits
Also they were not being paid fairly or treated good. Workers got tired of being under paid and being mis treated.
Where is this better pay and benefits?  If you’re speaking of the higher level white collar professional jobs, maybe.  Higher pay and benefits for entry level AND skilled workers (non-Ivy League grads, retail, service industries) have NOT risen to meet with inflation and cost of living.  The low pay for non-white collar labor pool is more pronounced in gentrified areas like urban upper class urban areas and the Bay Area California or Southern California.  I make roughly $30/hr which I can survive on but I’m not able to significantly save for my retirement nor can I afford to buy a home close to where I work.
THIS HITS THE NAIL ON THE HEAD!!!
Why was EVERY single interviewee in this 60 minutes episode black. Jesus! What happened to the MLK word of inclusiveness? Sad when you go out of your way to exclude the other 85% of America 60 Minutes.
They had it coming
The Great Depression  The Great Recession The Great Resignation … What’s the next “great”?
Jobs have not elevated the standard of practice. They hire people that dont have a work ethic. It's called misguided passion. Employers have not stepped up. In need of new mgmt.
Sooooooooo we are just going to pretend that these vaccine mandates have nothing to do with it ?
Having worked in retail, hospitality, and other service-sector jobs, none of this is surprising to me. It's not a worker problem, it's an employer problem. Employers want robots, not workers.
Because no one wants to be told what they have to do with their body plus go try to fill one of those jobs, you can't. There are signs to fick with our minds. Just like all the other propaganda
This makes me so happy, the abuse is over! No more slavery
I see too many teenagers young kids the come to work that was take 3-4 days los managers no tiene la respeto para esos jóvenes y todos ellos tienen oportunidades pero no se las Dan eso es injusto todas las mujeres que entran Escoge por cualquier excusa no les dan su lugar o sus derechos como mujer
The problem is Capitalism - baby, bathwater and all
We are standing up and leaving the matrix! We no longer want to depend on your little pay.
Tired of making the rich even richer and still being the most poor I can be
The people are waking up .y’all have no power over us 666 we coming for the thrown .we taking our power back
I got fired from my factory job when I was 40.around the same time,  I saw a Louis farakan speech encouraging young blacks to invent a job for themselves.i took that advise and ended up happier than i could ever imagine. I was able to see all but 3 states  traveled throughout Canada and Mexico. The day lost my job seemed like the worse day of my life ended up being the best day.
What a cherry picked piece done here & the one's chosen were part of the equity diversity group...lol what an unrealistic prop piece of journalism.
The pick between manual labor and internet office work.
UBI will help so much right now.
This is easy to figure out. Three years ago CNBC reported that Americans are preparing for the “biggest generational wealth transfer ever” the top 30% of Americans are set to transfer a minimum of $150K. Many of the Gen X etc who are quitting are safe from financial ruin, good jobs, good investments, great education and inheritance means these people can start doing work that drives their individual passions. I am simply saying that is a big factor and few people want to admit that this variable is playing a role in the phenomena.
The Great Resignation sounds better
Maybe people don't appreciate being blackmailed to get vaccinated
Funny how everything inflates but wages😉👍
So where are these people getting there money
I just quit my job something's wrong these Warehouse no cumplen con las reglas Cómo profesionales más de 40 trabajadores solamente un baño Y eso no es justo entro a las 5:00 de la mañana y no nos dan lonche a veces hasta las 3:00 de la tarde así no se puede
I was paying my help ten dollars an hour thirty-five years ago and all complained it wasn’t enough even then.
The so called "free benefits" stop and people still didn't return to work and those who was working quit their jobs, that cancel the GOP argument about "free benefits" hurting this country lol 😆 😂 🤣
Because they don't give a damn about people's lives. I quit working before the pandemic because I had a special needs child and if he got sick I was penalized. They told me it wasn't there problem. Instead of working with employees, they rather get rid of them. I would get sick and they tell me I have an occurrence. People are tired of working for people who don't give a shyt about there lives. Especially with parents having kids. Children are suffering. Honestly it's not worth it
NO MASK NO VAX DONT ASK!! MY BODY MY CHOICE!! RESPECT!! FACTS OVER FEAR!! FAITH FAMILY FREEDOM!! 🖕nwo!!! STAND TALL ✝️ REFUSE TO FALL!! democraps are the real virus!!!
Every worker in this country has there boss by the balls
Say what you want but 2 of my friends have masters degrees and they cannot find a new job in their respective fields. So they are stuck with where they are at. I myself enjoy my current job but I was also looking around.   Employers don't seem to be that desperate to be losing you guys because they sure as fu** don't seem to be desperately hiring like they all claim either.
Housing has gone up so much. Not much point working if it all goes to rent.
This is the one meaning full way to take back the power!! The power that We the people of this great nation have been stripped of! You take those dollars they need soooo badly! to betray a nation of your own!. It's time it ends before it can't and runs away . From A concerned citizen of a once great and mighty land may God rest your souls.
Americans better remain competitive, otherwise, they'll wake up and have to speak spanglish, hindi, or mandarin just to order basic goods and services in their own country
It’s the mandates
What about healthcare workers?
We the people now standing up for the rights we deserve! Stop the greed, the lies were not slaves or the little guys. We will win!
Reddit antiwork
People are just sick of working lousy jobs with terrible pay.
How about the vaccine mandates?
9:17 - Employers, offer better pay to employees & stop blaming the workers.
VERY SIMPLE: ONLINE DELIVERY APPS ARE YANKING PEOPLE OUT OF RETAIL SLAVERY
For a piece on workers, why aren't they interviewing more workers?
You can get more money with unemployment than with a crap paying job.   That’s why.
25 years as an ER and ICU registered nurse.... I quit. I could, and should, write a book about all the reasons....
There is something wrong when trillion dollar companies have employees on food stamps. Corporate greed is the problem.
It's OK quit your job, you're being replaced soon anyway.
Free stuff from our government is destroying our society, our youth think everything is free. Let's go Brandon
60 minutes is a fraud show. It should be taken off the air. Their investigative skills are gone and they lack the guts it takes to lay out the real truth. 60 minutes in the US is weak and timid.🤨😑
It’s funny in the hospitality business people didn’t want to tip they felt like they shouldn’t have to pay you if you don’t like your job get a new job so everyone dead and now you’re mad because you don’t have any service
why dont Americans  get to the point they have to have the big lead up to waste time so I'm not watching any further I assume they're not going to work because they're fat lazy people
It’s interesting to see this and somewhat refreshing…and it’s a wake up call to those employers who put their employees under their thumb.  I left my corporate job in early 2020 (right before everything shut down) to pursue music full-time.  Working for yourself can be a life of uncertainty but it’s the best decision I’ve ever made and never looked back.
It is a domino effect don't let any of these people lie to you, inflation is the reason people are quitting their jobs wages are not increasing benefits are not getting better employers have to pay way more this year than they did last year to operate. Companies have help wanted signs hanging up all over the f****** place but can't afford to pay you a livable wage. When a company has to pay more to make money they pay less to their employees whether that be a reduction in the hourly wage or reduction in hours period. I see a lot of companies offering 25 $30 an hour for 30 hours a week. Let's not to mention every employer in America suddenly is becoming a dictator when it comes to vaccinations and believe that they can decide whether someone has freedom of choice that's the problem in the healthcare industry.
The "VACCINE MANDATE" I'm sure is playing a major role in this chain of events. But MSM isn't going to report on that aspect! This is why I don't watch 60MINS. Never the full story!
THEY. Are. Talking about.  Blue. Collar. They. Never. Give a. F. About. White collar job's is a joke. None loving. WAGES. While they. Drink eat dance farr and. Your. Broke.  And. Useless
Work can't matter more than Real Life.
Let these People Work 1 Month in Retail .. Let these People that are above all of that .. Come on Down .. and see what these Workers have to deal with ..put in the eight hours.. Witness the Angry Customers daily that threaten them .. witness the Ration of people needing help to employees that can provide it daily .. The Stress on these people faces tells the tale .. many suffer now from .. anxiety disorders - mental fatigue - digestive problems - addiction etc ..all these seep into their Marital and Family Lives .. many turn to Alcohol and other means to settle them down .. many get divorced or break bonds with family members .. many just say .. I just cant do this anymore .. and the worst part about is the fools that just keep saying .. that broken record that plays nonstop in the background .. that keeps repeating .. yeah but you made money ... yeah but you made money ...yeah your right just put that slogan on my Grave .. this workforce is death warmed over .. Zombies !
AMERICAN WORKERS ON STRIKE... DON'T CROSS THE PICKETING  LINES...
Restaurants factory's. Jobs.  None. Living wages
If there is nobody willing to work for you, the problem is you. Offer better conditions and wages and benefits. Problem solved.
So…. Why are people resigning?
No one wants to be forced to wear masks.  So f#$k it!  Liberal justice killed those jobs, plain and simple, especially in customer service and hospitality.    I live in a liberal state, but drive 90 miles to work in a conservative state, because of policy.  Never liberal.
I can't believe they are blaming PEOPLE for quitting. How about the elephant in the room. REQUIRED VAXXINATION
Wtf is this ? Next time actually ask someone who has left their job. 🤦🏿‍♂️
As far as retail they didn’t go back to work because they are tired of being disrespect by “always right” customers.
Cool, cool. How much do you pay?
Why isn't the media telling the truth? The majority of the reason is because of low wages, no benefits, management/owner treatment! It has little to do with unemployment benefits or the pandemic! Pandemic and unemployment was just the smoking gun when it came at being at home and deciding  to rise up!
Because they are getting money to stay home.
It’s hilarious to watch millionaires try and figure out why we are doing what we’re doing.
Americans are lazy and entitled. Hire more Mexicans 👍🏾
I'm really happy to see people realizing their worth. Pandemic has shown people how short life really is and its important to live it how you want to. Do what is best for you, tap into your magnificence. Come into that person you've always wished to be and don't stop. Be patient and express gratitude.
Don't be surprise when the medical field is next, long hours with no hazardous pay, every day taking dangerous risk factors to take care of others. Pushing staff to the limit, so unappreciated, each day wondering if you're going to bring something home to your family🤔
I am happy people in this comment section has sense.
Keep pushing this vaccine mandate and I'll quit my carpentry job as well. Health over wealth any day, I'll start living 100% of the land that God has gifted the world
With inflation most people need $25/hour to survive and most jobs are hiring at $15-18/ hour. It's called math MF
Also, one poster mentioned this.  Yeah, employers want to keep all the money and just throw crumbs to the workers.  This is nothing new under the sun.  Just probably got worse.
CEO like Jeff B spending 100 thousands or millions to go to Mars but the employees are working in sh#tti in environments, not Paying good in certain cities like new York and many other places were renting a one bedroom apartment range from 1450 to f ing 1750 or more depending on were you live , in America you have a good income to make it. Food price high Gas high  But companies want to pay employees $15 to $18 an hr , and place don't no one comment an tell me go back to school. I know many who have good degrees and not getting the right pay. Companies have to understand we the employees make those companies what they are not the CEO,  America is suppose to one of the riches County but they have people sleeping in subway stations, under a bridge est. So companies why should people stay
yeah
This is actually NOT true,ppl are being sabotaged from working the job they want and ARE qualified for
Don't work with Amazon, they will send you to your grave early. I have read so much bad stuff about them.
I Hear that they aren't hiring people even though the signs are out in front of there shops. It could be that people do not want to catch COVID19 and the variants?
I think people are no longer tolerating abusive bosses/working conditions or the abusive public. People look at their paychecks and say to themselves "The money is not worth this abuse." and they're quitting because of it.
There was a time when 50k a year a person could live good. Those days were long gone before the pandemic. The cost of living continues to increase but not the standard of pay. The pandemic allow people to take off the blinders. Things were not that great in before the pandemic. People were loosing faith in the so called American dream long before this nonsense going back BEFORE 2016, with the Obama, and previous administration's allowing too many good paying jobs to leave this country in the name of globalization.
I love this. I want to work from home, too.
In the beginning of the pandemic people definitely didn’t go right back to work because of the government handouts. If you tried to hire someone you would almost certainly get the “well I can start Monday if you pay me under the table so you don’t mess up my unemployment. They are giving me an extra $200 and I don’t want to mess that up”.   Now people just got used to being home or picking up their own work “self employed”. That or they found better paying jobs. Who wants to work for peanuts? Also there have been virtual assistants for a long time before the pandemic. They even exist for small business so I’m sure they existed for higher corporate levels. Nothing new.
I learned more by reading the comments section. I left corporate america because I didn't like working for morons who would micromanage me. All you have to be is an enthusiastic talker to get into management.
What about the effect of vaccine mandates leading people to quit their jobs or retire early? Is this accounted in the numbers ?
Keep it up people! Stick to your guns and make these fuckers play fair
You know why there’s 8 percent shortage for healthcare?? Because of vaccine mandates!!
In California, the primary driver of The Great Resignation is the huge disconnect between housing prices and wages. The Housing Affordability Index in every urban county is now below 50%, and in the hardest-hit areas - the San Francisco Bay Area, the Los Angeles Metro area, and Orange and San Diego Counties, the HAI is less than 20%. And this problem actually has little to do with COVID - the crazy run up in rents and house prices began in 2014, as the recovery from the Crash of 2007-2009 kicked into high gear. When the cheapest 1 bedroom apartment you can find to rent is $1,600/month, and the least expensive single family homes - in old, run-down, low-income neighborhoods - are $350,000, it's impossible for service and hospitality industry workers to live on the wages that a 40 hour a week job pays. So younger people who had filled those restaurant and retail jobs, boomerang back in with their parents if they can, and maybe go back to school to re-train for something that will pay better. Or they leave for some city like Greenville, SC, where you can still buy a home for under $200,000.
COVID was a huge help to the great awakening. Everything is meant to happen. We are free!
Let's go Brandon . That's why !
47% of employers who say they're hiring actually aren't, why? I suspect something bigger is in motion.
it’s a WAGE PROBLEM.
She used to work for the Federal Reserve; we can be totally certain that she is telling the truth.
because we are sick of spending all day, 5-7 days a week, away from our families, just making ENOUGH TO SURVIVE!! companies make billions but pay their workers as little as possible. prices for everything have increased 200-300% over past 10 years yet wages stay the same.
We the workers are tired of big business using us as pawns. Smaller payouts while doubling or tripling the expectations of workers on the ground level. “Business” is struggling and they are afraid. As they should. They say don’t bite the hand that feeds you but what about the other way around? Egypt collapsed because they did not see the bigger picture. Do not make the same mistake “Corporate America”.
A good recession will fix all these choices
These millennials have a lot to learn - the next recession will lay off remote workers first
I hope it comes back to the 40's and 50's. My grandpa was a teenager and got knocked lightly on his back. The guy said "are you looking for a job? Then you can work for me" so easy to get a job and the employer gave better benefits since they indeed needed you.
Why take a high risk low pay job with no insurance, if you have a choice?
The People are tired of the bs
Strange, all my neighbors still have their jobs.
Just maybe a side thing, many employers require a lot of criteria. As in drug testing, background checking, and other sorts of records like that. So someone that's been in a little bit of trouble and has a record still has a hard time getting a job even in this day and age when they are plentiful.  So I'm thinking that could be why also. Years ago you just walked in applied for a job and if they thought you were good person and a good fit you were hired. Now you need to almost give them a pint of blood to get a job. People weren't as scrutinized years ago as they are today.
A good number r moving to Africa to settle nd start a business. Come nd see d number of black Americans here in Ghana nd they r coming by d day.
Moving to low cost areas = moving away from failed blue states
No it's a vaccination problem
I don't blame her, I've been working from home for almost 3 years and I love it.
Vax mandates
I retired and started getting calls again to come back into the workforce.
No mention of people being forced to quit because of vaccine mandates.
The real reason so many are quitting in Retail & Hospitality jobs is because companies are closing their doors to customers during the ongoing Pandemic. No customers, no jobs. The percentage of those who are 're-evaluating' their lives & careers during the Pandemic is very high, so that's true. But MOST of these people would still be working their jobs if the doors weren't being shut. It's a 'forced' re-evaluation of people's lives due to companies closing up shop. It's not the fault of the companies either as they have no choice. People don't stay in jobs when there is no job left or the hours have been reduced to a very small fraction per week. Everyone has to adapt and make adjustments so they can survive, including companies and businesses. All companies & businesses rely on customer expenditure.
I heard a lot of these jobs are not paying well and many of these jobs won't give breaks that's why folks don't want these jobs and I don't blame them
They forgot to mention the hundreds of thousand of people quitting due to vaccine mandates...
I started working in the mid 80's at $2.75 per at 40 hour week on a Brick Yard.. live on that as notting as changed but the Land Lord
There is a nationwide hardware/construction store that had hired people with full-time employment with benefits. Once mandates were lifted they began hiring more people knocking employees from full-time status to part time. This saved them from having to pay thousands if not more in benefits and be competitive while the employees were expected to go without benefits again with lower wages. 79 people left that one store when this happened. They lost almost half of their employees. If you noticed the job categories that were listed as the highest leaving their jobs that dealt with the public. Hospitality positions such as waiters became sick of being attacked by people who didn't want to wear masks or take other recommended precautions left their positions along with retail. Between poor pay, no benefits, and attacked by Karens and Kens they became fed up. People also left healthcare positions from being burnt-out from the long hours, abuse, and having to cope with so much death/sickness and overhelming ERs and ICUs for the past two years.
We're tired of working for white people and constantly being underpaid.
Lmao they interviewed only owners. This is like doing a piece on segregation and only interviewing OLD white republicans.
Like 60 minutes is going to give you the damn truth.
I participated in the 2022 great resignation. I quit my job of 5 years last week. Didn't look back and waved goodbye. Expectations are too high and the pay is too low. No incentives, no bonuses, mandatory overtime or it's a write up. I took the plunge to leave and will find a better job. Hopefully.
It's a Vaccine problem!
And rightfully so a universe-karma driven correction perhaps I "hit a wall"- have time to "go for a walk" also🤣 quit and drove 2200mi west to mountains-sunshine.
Yeah right, like all these Americans have all this money laying around like their retired! What's 60 minutes trying to pull?
What!! A blank woman is working as 3 executive’s for 3 companies??? I thought this country was so racist?? How is this possible??? Hmmmm probably bc she speaks educated and is educated! She graduated high school and college! She got a job! You know the usual thing people do who don’t bake excuses! Mind blown
What’s the problem? There just not out there.  No you’re not offering enough pay or benefits.
Remove the need for tips by paying generous wages and flexible hours.
How many of you all, got fired or quit your job, because of the presser ove the covid vaccine? Your employer saying you either have to get the weekly covid test, covid vaccine or you loose your job?
Doesn't matter automation will replace lower and middle paying jobs soon.
Liars. And you only wish you gave 200 million the shot. We know it's less than 100m.
We're quitting because of "MANDATES" your really going to ignore the pandemic of the last 2 years. Your credibility is non-existent.
You fake China bots. Nothing about "vaccine" manatees. Your lie is crumbling and everyone that believed your lie is going to suffer the worst, asking for sympathy from the rest of America.
Now you need a vax for a job. Also need to wear a mask all day long, all shift. Also, whats uo with the amount of hours needed to work per day? Too much wasteful nonsense.
The answers are obvious and the pandemic help free more than expected. Some woke up to The United States Nightmares rather than The American Dream🧃🍿👽
Because of the amount of disrespect people are expected to put up with.
How can people even consider living in the US? Working is a nightmare, and there’s no freedom anymore...
Another reason why U.S. business owners and entrepreneurs will move their manufacturing to China or Vietnam
2:00 wahhhh my home town Lewiston Idaho!!
Not wearing  a mask all day....  I. Quite....
Food Stamps,  Free Health Insurance, Free Electricity, Free Cell Phones The list goes on and on and on Wake up America Please God have mercy on our souls!!!!!
The greatest challenge…   Standards….  Computers can no longer be the hiring manager and filter…  Detract the laziness… bring in the human connection and reinvigorate the hiring model.  Realistic requirements not unrealistic expectations…  USAJOBS does not help either
Hi, I'm a journalist just like you. Breaking news...  TRAAAAASH!
Because the vaxxxx doesn't work no matter how many lies are told.
#Feminism
1 word ….. covid
Tired of getting payed nothing and making the wealthy more wealthy
Companies are abusive toward hard workers. They pay highly productive workers less and do not even want to raise them in pay. Yet they got a lot of mandatory overtime and weekend shifts. Warehouse workers and getting burned out
Employees owning the pen? That's if those "desperate" employers even call you up, give me a break.
I LOVE the millionaire they interview who is whining he can’t find any waiters to work for $2.13 an hour for him. Hope he goes bankrupt
I don’t think corporations know how ignorant it is to offer someone a 45 cent raise F U
Talks about a worker "shortage" but doesn't talk to any workers except for that one employee who also happens to be on the same interview as their employer...
I don’t care what a fair wage is anymore. Now I only care about using whatever leverage workers have to take as much as they can. May sound brutal, but that’s what employers have been doing all along.
I want $50/hr doing jack squat and I promise I will be the best worker in history of humankind
It's the next best thing.
Next week, we will hear that companies are accepting grants in lieu of hiring shortages
But unemployment rate is 7% for blk men … FOH
This is what happens when we create millions of stimulus ballers
A hot mess, inside a dumpster fire, inside a trainwreck..
I'm burnt out too. I try to stay positive but I'm just tired. I work so hard and I'm not getting what I really want out of the deal. I want a house and my credit and income just isn't adding up. 😕 I wish that I could quit too. I want to go on a nice vacation with my mom and adult children before anyone dies for God's sake 😕! I'm tired.
I didn't know that 60 Minutes merged with Black Entertainment Television that's awesome combine that with the billions and billions of dollars going to every business except those owned by white men and you've got the best country in the world I hope you can detect the sarcasm whoever voted for Joe Biden I hope you're happy we're about to go to war with Russia gas will be $10 by the end of the year in all Biden voters should die homeless and hungry and freezing in the street and by the way they stole the election Trump won
Americans never worked those jobs before.Those jobs where done by the ilegals.But with the move by the e verify the ilegals are not able to do those jobs.Companies started to hire lazy americans and it didnt worked.
Because you donate a minimum of 5/7 of your life for what ? Can’t really vacation, can’t really enjoy life !! If I’m giving a company my life give me the ability to enjoy some of it. Instead out of 365 days if a worker is SICK more than 6 of those well I must not want to work. Don’t care about company!!! Listen capitalists, citizens are not commodities, citizens are not slaves we make all the products. How about paying enough to buy those products. Also would love to spend some of the citizens life with family is that ok capitalist ? I mean again you occupy more of citizens life then you pay for
Second you used length in as a reference you lost credibility. At this stage linked in is more of a social media and Place for advertisement. This was way before 2021.
Crocodile tears for employers. Ran out of effs to give about them around 5 years ago. Stop making aholes rich at your expense.
4 million baby boomers retire on average each year. Not only does that open those jobs but as they have aged there is a need for new industries that will cater to their needs, especially in health related business. So that will open even more jobs for non existent workers.
Some pf the most tone deaf garbage I have ever seen. Maybe you might want to interview people whhave made these decisions and ask them why,  not ask cluless CEOs why this happened... They Don't Know. They are just as clueless as this garbage dumpster of an "investigative" report. I know you are completely bought out by your Donor- Owners but way to go on making it Super Obvious.
Our children today thanks to our parents are lazy..parents won't push a child to get a job..why..
Everyone is waking up from sleep...the true value of time of your life cannot be paid by money...
These employers don’t pay enough for the bills but people deal with
Does benefits include the eviction moratorium, when you say cut off.
You Tubing for crazy money!
Nothing to do with vaccine mandates?
Why aren’t captions available for this video?
I'm looking to work for any warehouse in my location.
When they quit, then how are they paying for foods and bills.
No one ever talks about the QUALITY of the work, the quality of management, and the quality of customers.
FJB
Vaccines r not being use
I say the great resignation is long overdue. Americans demand living wages and benefits!
I will tell you all another feedback: The shortage of staff employees at any job, For the ones that are at any job? All the employers expect you not just for you to be loyal, team player, give it your all and more...but in return...what do you get from your employer or the company you are working for? Not only that ..what you used to do as one or max up to three tasks in productivity, AFTER THIS PANDEMIC!? Any employee must do 15 or 20 plus things ALL AT ONCE AND ON YOUR OWN!? And thats where that  employee will end up making a mistake or get overwhelmed and feel that they are not good enough for what they are doing, were the employee gets frustrated or even snaps and walks out of a job!!!!... However when you all look at it? All these remote home jobs online it does not compares nothing at all with the interactions of a physical contact or hands on jobs shortage out there...like a medical person, police or Fire Dept. Staff Or simple the restaurant business!!!..its really bad...real bad...👎 My Respects to all Frontline workers...🙏
want workers? unionize and negotiate/renegotiate terms like wages and benefits if you dont take care of your workers. they wont be loyal to you or they wont have a reason.  my dad was layoff, but he is like those guys who works 2-3 jobs at all time. i am pretty sure he was depressed and scared when he got layoff, but the job did take a toll on him. but they were hiring again and he went back because he constantly check their listing to see if they would hire again. i kinda didnt want him to go back because i worry for his health, but he did it for the wage and benefits.
Why work when there's gig economy jobs like Instacart, Lyft, Uber that pay more and allow workers to work when they want? Also theres a lot of handyman jobs that have gone online allowing workers with specialty skills to work independently for a lot more money than previous employers. This is where many of these workers are going.
i have litterally got omnicron right now, i got a wicked fever for 24hrs followed by 4 days of tiny waves, a bleeding throat and a blood nose and a weird headache in a pin point position.... honestly ive had flus worse than this before, im unvaccinated, im not against it, just prefer to naturally live, but its not as bad as people say it is, old people still have the same percentage ratio rate in vaccinated which is strange... my whole house cis positive, 6/8 are vaccinated, we all have the same symptoms and its been 1 week already.... also my pregnant wife is due in 2 weeks, she had a fever just like all of us, shesw unvaxxed, her symptoms were completely gone after 2 days.... she has chronic diabetes too, so im starting to question the media, close contacts in australia are allowed to work even with no test, and in some parts of america positive workers are returning back to hospital work....
Obama is the answer. This is Obama’s legacy … unemployment, chaos and racism. So this so called expert says unemployment makes your heart sing? Give me a break!
The people are taking back Power from Companies
Employers don't quite understand that people of color are not willing to work for people of the Republican color whom own lots of these company's and not respecting people of color and not seeing them as merely slaves. You just put a price on respect. Times have change. If these co won't or refuse to see the true color and what's its  really worth then the doors will continue to close.
WAL______ WANTS THEIR STAFF TO WORK OT & ADD 8 DAYS TO THEIR WORK SCHEDULE IN CA. GOOD, LOYAL STAFF WALKING AWAY & DISAPPOINTED, FEEL PRESSURED TO TAKE ON MORE DAYS.
Biden is a lier about our great economy and there aren't no dam jobs. If so give jobs to felons they need to work not to immigrants.
Pay higher wages and you won’t have a problem.  If inflation is up then the wages should go up too.
I would like to go back to working an office job.  I’m in my 50’s, and can’t get hired despite 30 years experience.  Age discrimination?
I have worked the entire time!! And still working!! I work in health care
People have realized that they are the ones with the power to change the world, and they are tired of being told and manipulated into thinking that they have to do everything they are told to get anything out of life. Big government and the overall system has lied to and held down to overall population for far too long, and the COVID pandemic has shown the world that life is short and people are the foundation that holds up the top, not the other way around! The global economists thought they were going to use this event to reset the system and the people of the world, and the US realized they had other options and took another path...
With the modern technology we're accomplishing the work that used to take many more people and many more hours. It's about time to rethink the whole 8-hour workday, 40-hour workweek. We should demand the full-time livable wages for 5 hours of focused and honest work, and use the rest of our free time to pursue happiness, hobbies, relationships, adventures, volunteering, new skills... 8 hours is an arbitrary number that gets filled out by a lot of "fillers." People are getting unchained now, exploring the meaning of life and their priorities. 1960's again. Expect to see new forms of art, literature, music and fashion, and new norms of thinking.
They are moving to Mexico
Why don’t companies use all this automation we’ve been told about for years to solve the labor shortage ? 🤔
These job's act like your a nothing and a nobody once they start working for them the boss act as if your a nothing and a nobody and you will take it the best you can because you need your job and the boss realize that. It's call what's goes around come around work like a dog with low pay.learn how to treat people and look at us as human being and not a nothing.
Thanks for letting me know not to waste my time with this story,  comment section
Pay more & treat people with respect
Did he say generous unemployment benefits?? Generous??!! Really??!! You call 2 stimulus checks in the last 3 years generous???!!
Mandates/ low pay
Stop pushing the serpents mark called covid vaccine!!!
Because we are tired of being slaves to corruption and our nations broken taxes system that seems to bleed into illegal aliens and criminals stealing from us.  It's easier to work several jobs and live under the radar.
I thought they were going to interview  McDonald’s employees. Or Amazon warehouse slaves.
Well 60 minutes after watching this and reading the comments it seams you missed the reason people were leaving by failing to interview them .  You should have changed the title to “ What companies and management think about employees leaving work “    You have to read the comments to find out why the employees left seams pretty clear to me you missed the main reason most left .
Because they refuse to pay taxes to a corrupt government smh.......God over money........
I quit my job. A month later they hired me back with higher pay
10-year minimum wage challenge: 2012 $7.25 2022 $7.25
I BUILD SO MUCH AND WORKED SO HARD DIDNT MISSED SICK OR FUNERALS AND NOW I REGRET IT SO MUCH JOBS ARE SO ABUSIVE ITS JUST PLAIN SLAVERY 🤔
Employers…no compensation for our time…pay is horrible and staffing in healthcare is horrible…
It’s a great American strike. F-off to employers that don’t have the balls to treat their employees like human beings.
Baby boomers retirement, coupled with people cannot afford to take these jobs, aka the commute/commute expenses, and ridicules rules terminating employees who were called heroes just last year.
The workers 🛠️ are there.  The money 💰 is NOT.  Treat workers right and we will come back.
these employers are also picky and refuse to hire those with job gaps... that's why! Definitely need to apply for remote jobs, hard to tell if they're legit or not. May check this Worxbee out?
Employers still cannot figure it out.  Perhaps they should put themselves into their workers shoes and live their lives.  Then, they will know. Oh and eager to hire? Lol. They demand aside from everything else, experience and certificate, etc.  Not to mention the red tape in higher education for certain careers and student loans. And most jobs are not parent friendly. Etc.
STAY AWAY FROM AUSTIN, -thanks austinite
Why work to make your employer rich when they WONT pay you more than just enough to get by. Don’t think so anymore.
That 9 to 5 to be odee
Toxic work environments aren't worth the low pay. Companies that treat their workers well are not having retention issues.
Don't you love how these absolute jokers pretending to be journalists didnt even ask THE QUITING WORKERS why they were quitting? Don't trust anything these idiots say since they obviously didnt do any real research.
All is lie none of them hired😰😰😰
Welcome to Skidrow.
we aint taken the Jab, sooner or later your gonna have to report on it ....
I quit right before chrismas, and I have been out of work. I don't have much desire to go back to work for someone who doesn't care about their employees.
Yes, some blame goes to employers, but I work in retail and many co-workers feel they are better than a retail job, and that they deserve a huge income without the need to work years to earn the big pay. They want it now. Also, I know many younger people who quit the workplace because they feel they can make a fortune creating YouTube videos with thousands of subscribers.
If people stay with companies, they think employees are happy, little advancement and little increase in salary, even hardly to catch up with inflation! If people jump from different employers, then they advance a lot quicker. It doesn’t matter in corporate world or academics!
How do you put out a piece about a workers’ movement without talking to workers not being monitored by the boss you also interviewed? Like, what?
Ha ha!!! Good...
if people weren't being told to get vaccinated or be fired.
companies double their profits during a pandemic and don't want to pay workers more, and they wonder why their workers quit
The rich are taking to much of the cream and not giving better wages and benefits.  They keep cutting.  I was told I was getting a raise due to the raise in the minimum wage.  I am a medical Assistant.  I took a $6 cut in pay moving to Arizona from Oregon.   I was then told by my manager that I was not going to get a raise but a bonus.   I got a $1000 bonus.  Half went to taxes.  No continuous raise .  I do the same job at my job that the RN's do.  They got a $2 to $3 per hour raise.  I was suppose to not have an attitude about this or be angry.  The CEO is pulling in  25 million a year.  Something is so wrong here.
The companies that treat employees like garbage will die first.
"Record numbers"  *Records only go back around 20 years*  🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
workers are fed up with the CEOs and managerial class who keep taking us for granted, you don't want to pay us more but you keep investing in wallstreet
Awesome!!!!
Blessings 🙏 Jesus Christ Saves Souls 🙏 1st Corinthians Ch15 Verses1-4 KJV
you need the help but you don't pay the help enough to live, and they wonder what's wrong
Americans are fed up with low wages and terrible management.
there's always a person looking for a job
Wow nice cherry picking come to the front lines with us service workers retail workers freight logistics staffing come on down and interview us who actually get the work done you will get alot of different answers. But fatigue ranks high among the reasons but also people are mean & nasty not all but alot makes customer service a real grind then shipping its a complete  wreck same with manufacturing  oh and this is the governments fault state & feds idiots forced lockdowns & mandates constantly harrasing  threatening fining business. It's a real shyt show. Ultimately  for us who work what's the point ? We tired of being wage slaves & ripped off by the powers that be in taxes.
there is no more job training and promotion and investment in the worker anymore, workers are all expendable and worker shortage is what you get when those social contracts are broken
When the Pandemic pays better than a 40 hour a week job; employers should realize something is very wrong.
uhh mabye cause employers and the gov are trying to force people to go through a medical procedure that people are unwilling to go through. that's it. I personally know 4 people quitting CAREER jobs they have been for over 10 years
Becuase that better pay still is not a living wage
USA has been way behind the rest of the world regarding employee benefits and rights - US workers are worked to death for poor pay, get little or no time off, have poor medical and pension benefits and no job security - most Europeans for example would not be willing to work under these conditions. The hire and fire policy is no longer being tolerated by workers. Workers want a balanced life between work, family, recreation and health together with a living wage. If you can’t hire then go figure!!!!
America is slowly decaying as prophesied.   Isaiah 47:1-15 The Fall of Babylon Predicted 1Come down, and sit in the dust, O virgin daughter of Babylon, sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate.  2Take the millstones, and grind meal: uncover thy locks, make bare the leg, uncover the thigh, pass over the rivers.  3Thy nakedness shall be uncovered, yea, thy shame shall be seen: I will take vengeance, and I will not meet thee as a man.  4As for our redeemer, the LORD of hosts is his name, the Holy One of Israel.  5Sit thou silent, and get thee into darkness, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called, The lady of kingdoms.  6I was wroth with my people, I have polluted mine inheritance, and given them into thine hand: thou didst shew them no mercy; upon the ancient hast thou very heavily laid thy yoke.  7And thou saidst, I shall be a lady for ever: so that thou didst not lay these things to thy heart, neither didst remember the latter end of it.  8Therefore hear now this, thou that art given to pleasures, that dwellest carelessly, that sayest in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me; I shall not sit as a widow, neither shall I know the loss of children:  9But these two things shall come to thee in a moment in one day, the loss of children, and widowhood: they shall come upon thee in their perfection for the multitude of thy sorceries, and for the great abundance of thine enchantments.  10For thou hast trusted in thy wickedness: thou hast said, None seeth me. Thy wisdom and thy knowledge, it hath perverted thee; and thou hast said in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me.  11Therefore shall evil come upon thee; thou shalt not know from whence it riseth: and mischief shall fall upon thee; thou shalt not be able to put it off: and desolation shall come upon thee suddenly, which thou shalt not know.  12Stand now with thine enchantments, and with the multitude of thy sorceries, wherein thou hast laboured from thy youth; if so be thou shalt be able to profit, if so be thou mayest prevail.  13Thou art wearied in the multitude of thy counsels. Let now the astrologers, the stargazers, the monthly prognosticators, stand up, and save thee from these things that shall come upon thee.  14Behold, they shall be as stubble; the fire shall burn them; they shall not deliver themselves from the power of the flame: there shall not be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit before it.  15Thus shall they be unto thee with whom thou hast laboured, even thy merchants, from thy youth: they shall wander every one to his quarter; none shall save thee
Because Money Bags Biden got people scared to go to work.
I'll save u time watching this...Covid n the mandates
I'll save u time watching this...Covid n the mandates
The media says there are So many good jobs out there. Look for yourself, for jobs , no benefits and minimum wage pay ? Co.'s hire part timers so they don't have to pay benefits. Corporate America has become so worried about their profit margins that they don't care about their employees. Give me a break people . WAKE UP !
That's easy. Low pay. Companies do not want to pay for health care, benefits, or time off. They have no desire to invest in their employees. They have no desire to treat their employees like humans. You are just a tool to them. Use the tool as much as you can, abuse it, and throw it away when their done. If the worker quits, dies, or hurts themselves they can be replaced next week.
60 sexonds DONTKNOW JACK about whats going oN they Just like too Speculate.
The old saying is people quit managers not jobs. Nobody likes a micromanager who is too intense with a stick up their behind, thumbs up please if you agree, thanks!
No is a equal paid problem!!! We are awake!!!
Those are the jobs are not the risk 13 an hour or death.the choice is yours and this what happens when you try to separate the unvaccinated. Separation dont work for everything now you know. 🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫
No one stays on job where wages aren't liveable and the environment is hostile and that is matter of perspective. The only thing that is happening right now is the work force is looking for better situations. People talk and when talking about employers all people have to do is say "don't go there!" and it will be harder for you to hire! Everyone wants the maximum for the minimum that's on both sides, employers and employees. The difference is it's easier for people to become entrepreneurs because of the internet and social media so why work for someone who you feel won't appreciates it or has shown you can't appreciate it? Good work should go to highest bidder not the employer who needs it because a good job doesn't always go to the best employee. They call it the great resignation but it should be called the great reshuffling. Factories and manufacturing were once the backbone of middle and lower class but automation has made that unreliable and inconsistent this is a example of why workers are choosing to be less dedicated to jobs like those. Employers were caught off guard by the pandemic and didn't account for some employees reinventing themselves and others finding better opportunities elsewhere during the shutdown. Right now the situation seems to favor employees as low skill work has been greatly impacted by the pandemic that would be in far better shape if circumstances were normal. But the bottom line is employees are choosing employers that will accommodate flexibility and those that won't will have a revolving door as the will hire because employees need work but will leave for a better situation when it becomes available that has become the nature of the workforce in this economy.
Why people are quitting by rich people
ChECK this OUT WHY do we have topay Both Frderal and state TAXES while up in like an Oregon and be portland it was 15 bucks min wage and No State taX 6 years AGO ....... wAKE UP PEOPLE
"Workers are in the drivers seat." Finally. It only took a global pandemic. ☹
I'll tell you why before watching. I'm 30 yrs old had a 40hr a week job driving a fork lift and made 12.50 an hr and the cheapest one bedroom apartment in the town I worked has a you have to make 3x the rent policy. The number I need is 18.50 so even working full time as an adult I can't support myself. So that's why.
$15 DoLLARS An Hr. Was 6 years Ago not NOW if anything it should be Doubled or Trippled  NOW, they got money to build all this B.S we Dont need but they Dont do Anything about WAGES .
EMPLOYERS SUCK & SUCK ALL YOUR VALUABLE TIME YOU  ALL AWAY FROM YOUR FAMILIES you see your COWORKER MORe than your FAMILY.
i'm too crazy to go back to work 😅
I believe this is two different problems. For 1 employers don't value their employees anymore. The days of working for a company for your whole working career and then being rewarded with a pension are gone. Also are loser government is okay paying just as much as minimum wage in unemployment and that encourages people to not want to work anyways.
They're paying us to stay home so the economy will fall. Just like the self checkout lines you can't use money in them anymore they want you to use your debit card because they're going to take cash out of this world and use digital currency. They know what they're doing they're going to destroy America.
Please tell me the secret.  I just cant quit my job I have to support my 2 kids. How are these people just quitting?and I know
They highlighted employees only want flexible time. Nothing about raised pay. Maybe next time interview and actual worker. Not ceos.
Good
I'm glad people are quitting we are humans no machines we deserve to live not being slaves of companies that don't care about their workers if u don't pay better offer better hours and better environment you'll not have employees and that's good.
Im glad people are finally standing up for themselves
I quit my job last year. Was a counselor for a university.
Rich white people pretending like they don’t know why poor people don’t want to risk their lives in America where the federal minimum wage is $7.50 an hour.  Which will not pay for one bedroom in any state in America.
Who wants to work in construction work anyway!?those who work are work because they don't have other choice!! of course everyone runs from that when better chance are showed  because its slavery job with low incomes
Stop pretending that everyone is ok with the mandaight they fail to mention that too
In 2021 I stepped down from my job  As a Commercial Underwriter of 8 years and became and Underwriting assistant. I became a foster mom and adoptive mother (first time parent right before the pandemic hit). My company was amazing to let me do this, but I felt like a failure. It was the best decision I could have made though and having way more flexibility has made me so much happier and less stressed 🙌
People are becoming they’re own boss and also a lot of people died so give it a little time it will balance back out
The construction business doubled their revenue year after year, but did they increase pay AT ALL? Did they provide better benefits? Did they provide any incentives or perks to those hard-working construction workers? I think we all know the answer.
It’s almost like global finance owned. CBS and it’s 60 Minutes have no idea that these employees want out of these go nowhere crap American jobs will never get them a nice home and a great life, they want and deserve. Women hate business that wage abuse them, so do young workers. They all hate working with no real quality of life, no living wages, no 6 weeks paid vacation, no elderly pension, no quality healthcare, just sick of the last 50 years of globalization crap.
I quit my job last year.
Go figure right
A poor work culture. That’s what I have to say.
60 mins pushing liberal agenda
People took unemployment and went rioting for free stuff ...
This piece doesn't say anything about how all these people quitting their jobs are supporting themselves. They say that it's not because of government handouts and stimulus but they don't say what it is.   OF COURSE is because of all the free government money.
I hope all blue business go under
I worked at a beauty supply store that only supplied to professional cosmetologists, nail techs and estheticians while I was in school. There was a ton of stuff that happened there but the last straws were the company’s lawyers finding a loophole in the required shutdown law for Ohio. This way they could stay open and supply all of the cosmetologists illegally working from home with product. So many people would come in coughing and bragging about how busy they were… As far as I’m concerned, that company has blood on their hands. But I finally decided to quit after my boss decided that she wanted to take a vacation the same week I was (I had it requested off for months) and tried to make me come in. I put my 2 weeks in just in time for my vacation. Now I work for myself and make more in an hour than I used to in 2 full days. I will never work for a corporation ever again.
FJB
I dislike this video.👎
Greenville SC is my home and this is Very true
Minimum Wage  should be 20 dollars an  hour , food stamps should  be permanent necessity for all Americans earning 20dollars  an hour or less , Everybody needs energy to perform their job
I'm sure the vax "mandate" had nothing to do with it!
People are tired of being slaves for the filthy rich
People are tired of dictatorship and mask mandatory
5G is causing all this sickness
Look at all the Black Excellence in this segment. 😍
If we all stuck together they will fold and start treating their workers like they supposed to.
They are quitting because the government is giving FREE Money and people are loving staying at home.
Some of the problem with the workforce is most of each Community individual communities most of those people have criminal backgrounds in some of these companies will not hire them companies require a clean record even little as a bad driving ticket on file to get a good quality job that's most of us Americans are burnt out or some jobs are just not worth the pay and certain areas that you live in because the cost of food and rent and everything going up those are all the possibilities
Everybody has a price. Simply pay them more
this video gives me just a little bit more hope for a good future
Blame the current administration they are a joke and are sinking the economy
This was my realization in 2007, grew up in San Diego, after college, I inherited debt I couldn’t even afford to pay with my career. I didn’t need my college education to use basic economical sense. I sold my house and moved to Missouri. My income goes further here, bigger house and I can actually afford to travel or simply take days off work. I may not live in beautiful San Diego anymore but I’m living stress free.
Forced shots.
Because the company's have BAD SARALY for 12 hours shift👎the just need fresh MEAT 🍖 NO WORKERS ..PAY MORE FOR PEOPLE LIVES ‼️
It’s crazy…nobody will give up their every waking hour for peanuts and a kick in the a$$. 🤷🏻‍♂️. It’s just insane😂😂
Many don't want the shot !  But this will probably be erase
Finally, you don't need permission to go Pee.
They still giving out unemployment benefits, where? Then I didn't know you could quit at will and get unemployment. Employees want flexibility, they want a share of the PROFITS these young people not gonna be wage slaves they know what time it is. In this system it's what you own and control that matters.
I barely get by on doing stuff here and there, but home full time. Just like with a full time job—barely got by but never home. I’ll take option A…so take ur job at shove it🖕
FYI: the same individuals who caused the credit crash/housing market crash are the same people who started private equity funds and bought up all the housing which is way the rents are raising drastically. They want people to take out mortgages. They go to builders and buy whole developments which allowed them to monopolize housing.
Leslie, we woke up and don’t trust our government and media, your company included.  Call it like it is, socialism, promoted covertly is killing America.  You’re making multimillionaire on television, and you can never relate to the majority of us. People are quitting their jobs because they are fed up with the mandates! Government has killed jobs! And lastly, evil Klaus Schwab’s World Economic Forum and Agenda 2030 (look it up), they are moving people off the land across this country by raised taxes and inflation.  According to the World Economic Forum, “people will own nothing and be happy!”
I think workers that got fed up with whack benefits and poor pay can explain this Best
A lot of people don’t want the shots and leave their jobs.
When being the boss gets easier every day "Automation/The internet" Not having to adhere to insane policies, some cases not having to deal with staffing issues "Depending on what you pursue". Employer contribution to benefits getting so low that it's actually not much more to get insurance yourself ect.  I watched Covid unfold in a factory setting. When it first hit the economy also took a hit, it caused a huge layoff. Then it wasn't even two months later, everything ramped up just the way it was before, but now with about 1/2 the staff we used to have. I watched people work very very hard 12 hours a day 6 days a week to hit insane goals.   Then some people started thinking. If i'm working myself into the ground like this, why don't I just start a business? Owning a company is by no stretch of the imagination "easy" but people were working so hard that they came to the conclusion "If I start my own business, I receive based upon what I put in" The other option is to work twice as hard as you were last year for the same pay.  I never jumped ship, but understood why people did, and all of them I know are doing fine now days.   Also it's important to note, that a lot of places, have "Sign on bonuses" and are paying X amount a hour, but in reality they don't have a sign on bonus, and they are not paying X amount a hour. That is just to get you in for a interview.
It's almost like a union without having a union.  The hon and I are in the same boat.  I started a business, she took a break.  We are fortunate/blessed to be able to do so.
They don’t pay enough. Rents are skyrocketing because private equity has monopolized housing. Food, utilities, car payment, insurance, miscellaneous costs, and housing is at least $1500-$2500/month with pay around less that.
Gee maybe we need those immigrants.
apparently, Americans are starting to realize that TIME is the most valuable asset of em all,,, No one knows that better than French,,all this time Americans mock French because of the infamous "August off",,they even made Cadillac commercial about it a while ago 😂
The stimulus,  its been a better part of a year!  1200 covers someone's rent for a month,  the enhanced unemployment ended months ago how!  how stupid do politicians think we are?  If you believe this is still the problem...your  a disingenuous idiot!
Thanks, f@ke news! LGB
Employees are still not being cared for, especially in this new world that these elites have made for us.  & Mandating that employees take a vaccine is not how you help them.
Holy wow this is so out of touch. You really didn’t even try to interview any actual workers?
I did the samething. I just walk away and just hope for the best, but I was just burnt and tired and I felt like I could do better for myself
Because the "American dream" is broken.
You did a story on people quitting their jobs, but didn't interview a single person who left the workforce.
Why work if I can't pay my rent with the money I made monthly is crazy especially in New York they killing us n want more for bs pay we got tired of those crazy dictater boss 😂😂 fck you I'm doing my own thing n I feel more happy n bought my house in my country so sick of New York that why I left
Biden's mandates of the poison dart and pain parents to stay home is what I see .
We’re not trying to make others rich while we struggle 🤷🏽‍♂️ #SorryNotSorry
We’re quitting because of toxic work environments, lack of autonomy, horrible customers, horrible managers, stagnant or shrinking wages. This article is only talking to employers. Why?
Last election no one spoke about affordable housing and yet availability of it is a huge determining factor.
I been to Greenville, NC. It's beautiful down there. That's where I want to move to.
This is propaganda. There are plenty of people out if work, but nobody will train them to do the job.
Interesting how they interview all black people that actually have jobs and look normal 🤔
It's called Biden
“Tune in tonight for our story on a group of people who we did not talk to at all when producing this story” 😂😂
This is ridiculous asking the PhD. Lady all the questions! I mean she is giving you stats. And book answers,but not real life people answers,show all sides! Nothing against college,I went 5 years,but I also have street knowledge,not just book smarts.  And who does the real psyical work???
A Change is a Coming!
they pay, we play
its not going to last, interest rAtes will rise , ez money will be gone
I have applied for no less than 100 jobs in six weeks and I am still unemployed with no unemployment to catch me.  I have a college education and I have applied for jobs that pay crap and I can't get hired. Its not the people wont work- its people wont hire.
Lies
Lies
I work as a cashier at Wegmans and make $14.80/hr and a $1 more on Sunday’s. I love ❤️ what I do and I like it much better than working so long at Walmart.
I imagine theyres different answers to that question
They will just let more illegals in, to do the jobs that Americans won't do... To abuse them...
Fuq the owners and the exploitative rich right into the ground.
What help wanted signs ?  I've yet to see a single sign at any restaurant where I live .  And maybe reason their quitting is either management / Boss is cutting  on their pay  or  hours  or they are finding out you have to actually work in this job and can't hack it  ?
Moving from blue states to red states that offer FREEDOM!!
People are walking away because they are being forced to live under guidelines that creates prejudices regardless of what company policy states. There is no longer constitutional rights, HR is a joke. I applaud anyone that embraces courage to exit a company regardless of the big $ that many are dependant on. That is not weakness that is fear.
Easy..they do not pay worth a crap for your labor. Why catch covid over jobs that are lesser than 25 bucks an hour.You are risking your life for crumbs
Well thanks to our old President Biden giving away all our tax money work hard they take our money and give it to someone else and we pay for it in the end and the president and Congress people get richer we get poor
I live in NJ but im a disabled vet my son is 29 and a collage graduate of Rutgers university.  Despite his education he makes about $35.000 a year.  That salary alone is difficult to live in NJ.
If the jobs can't provide enough money for a home, food and a decent life, they don't need those jobs.
One of the main reason people are quitting is because of the mandates.
Because of crypto
I cannot get hired for the position I want (even though there are a lot of job openings) because I don't have "experience"...and I was specifically told by recruiters that is is the reason why I am not hired
So you're not going to bring up the vacc mandate 😈😈😈
bad times.
People get tired and fed up that’s why I left my old job
I'm on the other side of the spectrum. I got laid off from a gaming company. Since day 1 I've tried to position myself back to what I've known for 15 years. Nothing. Hundreds of applications were sent out, few interviews, and no offer. I had to reinvent myself. Now, I create art that I sell in craft fairs and online and also getting contract work here and there as a graphic artist. I don't think I will go back to the corporate world unless I work remotely. The speech of " we are all family" to give you the boot later because you are just a number is wrong. Corporations need to see that and reevaluate what really matters.
I left my work on March 2020, I’ve been receiving unemployment until September 2021. During pandemic I got my real estate license.  I did not rush to find a job even tho I haven’t received a penny from government since September last year. I took my time and just now , January 2022 I got the job of my dreams.
I remember when it used to be the other way around
is that so?
Forcing people to wear a mask and be vaccinated ! What did you expect!!?
I agree with all if your comments, lets not also forget alot of people are walking off the job or being terminated due to not being vaccinated
I'm guessing a few things are going on here:  1)  the booming stock market has probably enabled some baby boomers to retire a few years earlier than planned.  2)  people were burned out before the govt pumped trillions into the economy, heavily stimulating it.  Many workers are just overwhelmed with the work load (and lack of help) and said the heck with this, I quit.  3)  a lot of folks are turning side hustles into full time sources of income and ditching traditional work in the process.  4)  jobs are so easy to come by (with incomes soaring), that families are feeling comfortable with only one bread winner.
Millions of women saying "I'll stay at home and watch TV. You go to work honey."
Can 60 mins be anymore dense and short sighted on this matter ?
I quit mines because the people around me aint living right picking with me forcing me to or to inflict harm on them so I dip y'all better leave me alone at my next job
democrats are communist. and communist fake republicans.  communist media. what can we say.
we work to pay the LANDLORDS because our LORDS lives on Mt Olympus
Nobody wants to be stuck at a jovb where they are miserable. Life is too short to waste it workiing around people you dont like and not seeing your hard worek pay off.
They sit at home will research or they too old or they are the we bump
As a former retail associate it’s because customers and bosses treat us like crap 👍🏼
Ya ever think that Americans are getting wiser?  No matter how much we work and pay taxes..our government doesn't help us..it gives more to immigrants and non tax payers..just sayin
We are forward to technologies. There are workers in research and planning will increase
Storage of workers willing to take low pay for hard work. Today there are easier ways to make more money.
GO EMPLOYEES YOU'RE MORE POWERFUL THAN THEM.
Because people with high school diplomas are demanding to be paid $25-30/hr for the most menial of tasks. Bull****. Get back to work, you slugs.
People are sick of working for thankless ego maniacs.
i feel remote work is a simple fad in the making  its great if you can get it and it actually pays something. most great inventions come from need   the seed is planted in a group of like minded folks working at similar task with a common goal.  before you know it you invented the transistor or created a complex coding language etc  the issue is the more minds at work the greater the results.  working as an individual at home doesn't provide the needed environment to move forward   Just my humble opinion on the subject
Glad to see that OVER 50 YEARS of false promises, marketing and advertising has finally caught up with the Great American SHAME....
They pushing a mass global economic shutdown..
Who would want to work for a major corporation pushing an experimental shot.. devils in disguise..they coming to claim us...
I’m 44, I work in real estate, building, and development, my sub contractors are all their own bosses and they make more then I do, yet I’m still the boss and owner who delivers all the projects.  My subs love working for me, all the houses we build and customers we work for respect our crew and treat them with equality and decency.   I was criticized by competitors for years, it appears all these years later my default settings weren’t so bad after all.  I lost no one during the pandemic, everyone needed more so we increased our prices and our clients see the value so they pay more.  It’s really simple.  Jut treat everyone with respect, treat the $20.00 person the same as the $300.00 an hour person and they’ll see it, they’ll trust you and you won’t have to demand respect through company policy, it’ll come for free earned through basic human nature.  Still let’s remember there’s no substitute for hard work and there will be poseurs giving the movement a bad name.  Call it what you want, human decency is at the core though.  Best wishes everyone.
Maybe people are sick of working everyday and are doing things they actually enjoy and if you can make a living at home more power to you and if you can cut the government out of your $$ 100%A+ win! They are just pissing the money away anyhow
Because theyre lazy wimps and because pay sux..and then theres covid
Lies, lies lies, rockefellers lockstep
Because people are through slaving for minimum wage
Shut down the borders and this is what you get plain and simple.  😁🤜
Life change take care of yourself get a better job
But how do you just quit?  and live with no money?
Working 40hrs a week for $600 is a total joke. You're paying the majority of the taxes so the govt can play it's games.
It’s the biggest protest. To show the owners that  they need us. Its the new union
It is about personhood.
I paid off my house and all my debts year ago. I decided one day that I was done being job dependant.
Another problem is that most employers will not train people anymore. They want employees who are already at an advanced level. I know tons of people who are actually having problems finding work in their field they have the experience but not enough experience or they don’t have the schooling. When I first started working it was easy to land a job without a degree and make decent money because they were willing train as long as you knew the basics but that doesn’t happen anymore. I remember walking into a store and asking if they were hiring and the manager would come out and ask some questions and I got the job on the spot.
Time, energy & good health is priceless and the pandemic showed us, now add bad bosses/ management to all this 🤔🇬🇲
So, maybe Covid-19 is doing some good after all.
As a Greenville born person I would love to go back but the salaries are ridiculously low. Also the disrespect from the customers and employers. If it steals your soul it’s time to go.
Inflation forces people to aquire better paying jobs to obtain the same quality of life.
They make it sound so complicated, pay enough for me to be have an apartment at least, if im still stuck with my parents why should i be loyal to a company.
The comments here are more informative than this report is. They basically just interviewed employers not people who've quit. Do better 60 Minutes
Customer facing positions are definitely seeing resignation.
Oracle, increased profits and stocks up. Yet they pay their employees like crap.
AI
If only we heard from more employees/workers here, (including those who don’t have the option of quitting) instead of simply major bosses & business owners. To say that employees have the upper hand is a joke - find me a job with fair wages and benefits and I’ll show you a position that is filled.
It’s a giant protest for higher wages!!!
Only Christ can save us.
America’s toxic work culture comes home to roost. Yay🍿
Remember Companies have threatened replacing humans with robotics… it was a bluff they have a chance to do that now
I’ve been going to work everyday since covid 19 started  . Now I’m sick with covid 19 .and have been home for 6 days sick …. Not knowing if I will get paid for those days I miss . I have saved and it’s not going to make or break me so to speak. But even being sick it’s been enjoyable to be home and drink a cup of coffee at my own pace .
This is dangerous.
The Biden Regime has it's boot on the neck of the American People
The Awakening is taking place..It has to b done..these creatures who have rule this planet is time to get off this planet!! U creatures have distory Mother Earth.. It's a reset.. the evolution is taking place..these creature's have suck enough of people's blood & sweat ..as well as energy.. here's the big Payback!! The system is falling..As it should.. everything was a lie to keep their system going..look at it now...It is time..Timber!!!!
The government plays a big part of it too. Cmon minum wage bellow $22/hour is inhumane and  $25/hour in more expensive cities and the government should also reduce small business taxes so the minimum wage of $22/hour can be imposed.
The ending statement is epic.
This is really interesting to me. The American nightmare has finally come true and the media is looking for answers? The answer is those who actually make wealth possible are sick of seeing less return for their efforts. The rich rub it in the faces of those who actually helped them become rich. There is more to come.
It's really because no one wants to get so-called vaccine
But they are not talking about mass evictions, people by thousands are being kicked out, and inflation on groceries, this does not make any sense. This would be the worst time without a job.
Ask Biden administration on forcing vacation. That's the truth that should be reported. Agenda 21/23
Lmao pay there education? Colleges getting rich over bs degrees
Corporate Americas business strategy now is making people do more with less resources. I’ve worked at my job for 12 years and I’m quitting next month.. since 12 years ago my work load has increased 3 fold what I was doing a decade ago. Constant downsizing of one department and giving the work to us. With this my department (especially new hires) make many mistakes and the learning curve takes 8-10 months. So if we lose someone it’ll be a year before we’re back on track. If we don’t lose anyone else.. Customers are upset, employees are stressed and managers are pushed for higher numbers each day. Life’s too short to be stressed all day long.
r/antiwork we making waves
I got a 9 cent raise and double the workload. It's sooooo fair.
So this is what happened https://youtu.be/znv5y0DWgw4
What  about taxes  it kept going up , rent up , food up   Companies don’t care about peoples I move to Mexico
29-year veteran of the post office forced to quit or be fired because I wouldn't wear mask even though for two years before that I never put one on still haven't ever haven't had covid yet but everybody that's worn a mask or gotten the shot sure seems to be getting it so you tell me what the real science is and why I lost my job
people are refusing that jab, duh
I quit my retail sales job after getting bashed by upper management on a day to day basis. It took a toll on my mental health. I still remember my initial feeling after walking out and driving home. A huge weight off my shoulders. And GOD Iv been great. Best decision I have ever made
#60minutes @60minutes interview the #workers #workersrights #eattherich
What's weird is for years there was all this talk about how most Americans live paycheck to paycheck. However all of these people are quitting their jobs and still able to have food on the table. It doesn't add up.
They should remake Mr Mom with Eddie Murphy
Toxic corporate culture. Boomers retired due to Covid. Disabled due to Covid. Not interviewing any actual workers. It’s workers fault for not tolerating abuse. Wonder why no one watches TV anymore.
Remember a percentage of this people quoting is because they are being mandated to get their vaccine shot.
Alot of employees say that they're paying more money but they really aren't  paying more money
if it cant BUY a home, its a childs wage.
I worked at Target for $8.00 an hour (before the pandemic forced them to increase wages). I hated it. Everyone was treated like a no-named robot and had to work so quickly at all times it was ridiculous. My work hours were out of my control: work until 10 pm one night and open at 8 am the next morning. And of course, never getting forty hours a week ever. I had to do side work just to eek by, and I am single with no family to support. The worse thing was, we were forced to try to sell their stupid Red Card (credit card with astronomical interest rate) and had to ask every single customer, regardless of whether it was a regular customer you had previously offered it to who already said no several times. That's all management really wanted: sell the credit cards and warranties which they, of course, got a bonus on. I lasted four miserable months and didn't even put in notice. I just didn't show back up. I hate Target because of the way they treat employees like non-humans. To this day I refuse to ever shop there.
Just roll out the UBI already, Joe. How else do you expect to turn around your God awful approval ratings?
Because Business owners Keep Cutting Benefits over and over again eventually Workers do not want that Job any longer they go find some other better Job .
what does everyone who quit do for work?
What about the immigrants Trump scared away? I have a lot of friends in Canada and England, and they say they're hearing that people no longer want to come to America because it seems very hateful and dangerous. I can't say I disagree with them.
Is this black 60 minutes now?
The american dream of building your own business is nearly gone. Good luck finding employees worth a damn regardless of pay.
In Florida, a guy put that "Now hiring" thing to the test. He applied to 26 jobs in his area. Only got 2 confirmed interviews. Didn't get hired at all. 24 other jobs who "need the help" didn't bother calling him back.
Trust me if we can have remote employees work at our restaurant as cooks, we would. Perhaps they can make robots that are controlled by remote employees 🤔
Getting old in record numbers.
I don't believe we have a worker shortage ,it's government mandates making employer's request overreach or there boundaries , or some employers are requesting to much experience! If there's a big shortage then training willing to train new employees ground up that's how this works, training and then don't get personal and demand they put needles in their body four and counting so far and some say as high as four more planned for something that don't even work it's the first time in history when there's been a cure that has been demanded to take that don't even work, all the other needle cures that we've developed over the last hundred years for polio measles and all the other ones once you get the needle you're good you can no longer get that thing but not with this new cure you still can get it you still have to wear a mask you still have to social distance it does nothing and demanded to take it so how does that work? I think this is a plan for an excuse for open borders there's such a big shortage of workers we have to have millions of immigrants and none of them have to be needled to come in doesn't matter what they are rapist murderers doesn't matter come in give him a check and treat them better than Americans how does that work?
The real reason is the jab mandat
How about double or triple the pay
Finally a report not Masquerading their Masks propaganda
How are quitters managing to pay their bills? How are they going to buld a career in another kinds of work if they have no experience in that field!? Very vague discussion.
They did a piece on the great resignation but didn't interview anyone who resigned? This whole segment is giving me intentionally tone deaf. 60 minutes- Why are all the workers leaving? Let's not ask them!
People are starting to think alternatively. Live to work, not work to live.
no buddy, we're out here. you just wont pay us right for these menial jobs. stop blaming "stimulus" and "unemployment" those benefits werent sht and still arent sht and that litle tidbit barely kept ppl afloat then, let alone now. its the employers' faults NOT workers' faults. everyone from big corporations to small business owners are just GOING to have to take a hit and pay workers enough. period. your bottom lines are going to be less and the difference in what the boss makes and what the little guy makes is going to have to be smaller. sorry not sorry. you just dont get to have that second home when your workers dont even get ONE.
People are leaving liberal cities to move to more conservative cities….. shocker
Entitled? They have too many options? Laziness?
Because humans are waking up and realizing their time is worth more than what we get paid
If you’re wondering why they didn’t interview any min wage workers or expose why people quit the terrible jobs they had... CBS isn’t on the side of the workers, they advocate for their corporate masters
Ask fbi why they trained down syndrome autism men to use phones as deadly remotes to hurt citizens that are not inbread
If you pay people a ridiculously low minimum wage, what can employers realistically expect?
Funny how the "Big RESIGNATION" is a worker centric issue, but yet, 60minutes manages to make it a business management issue with interviewing 4 bosses and 1...I say again, ONE employee. YOu want answer? You asked the wrong people. Actually you didn't even ask why in nothing important or give answers.  60 minutes, I quit with y'all.
Especially where you live in at will or willing to work states. Employers will fire you because they don't like you.
3:59 "We've doubled our revenue year after year." Great, and they say our economy is supposedly good right now SO why isn't that revenue trickling down to the workers!? It hasn't in 10+ years! while prices still go up.
We didn’t need a 13 minute story to tell us the answer to this one. “Workers deserve rights, respect and living wages”
Ask the workers not the company big wigs.
If another grown woman or man tells you when you need to be at work when you can leave and how many breaks you get.and tells you that you cant be on your phone that they dont pay for..i feel bad for you
Amc/gme to the moon! 🚀
We demand better pay, our own schedules, remote work, etc   We finally have the leverage and power over corporations and we are out to get what is rightfully ours. Millennials are fed up with things with many of us having became an adult right at the time of the great recession and when the market crashed and jobs disappeared and we had to find a way to start on our own in that environment where finding entry level jobs became almost impossible. Especially here in Ohio and the Rust Belt region where it got hit the hardest.  Now we are in positions where we get to make the demands and be more picky and get what is owed to us. Corporations need to start paying up!!! And offering us better.
you want me to do what for 3 dollars???!!!
Could it be the mandatory vaccinations.
Why do you want to hire them??? So you can use them like toilet paper and throw them away?!!!! Learn from Europe’s employment systems a bit . They never abuse the workers like objects and throw them away. Never people ever felt so used in their lives than they do in here.
Make it 4day workweek. Benefits and more pay. Especially for still working people.
Trash journalism. Do better.
better pay , lol
Blah blah blah blah blah, that's all I hear from 60 minutes. When the Great Reset button was pressed even solid shows like 60 minutes hopped on the shenanigans train.
Yes! People are tired of the 9-5 working to the bone. People are being more frugale and enjoying life!
Stop the Mandates
4:40 I smell a cover up
Wow people wanna quit jobs where they’re treated like slaves and underpaid??? Shock
Most employers treat them as a liability rather than an asset and underpay them leading to poor work environment and little opportunities for growth.
Simple supply and demand economics. When labor was at a surplus employees had to do everything they could to make themselves stand out and more marketable. Now the tides have shifted and employers better do everything they can to attract more employees (better pay/ benefits/quality of life) to make themselves more marketable.
Are you sure it’s not because of mandating things?  Also poor management?
Linked in might have millions of members but they include relatively few lower paid manual and just jobs as opposed to careers. And the woman being interviewed demonstrates the same narrow view.
They would rather QUIT than take the mark of the beast!!!!!
People are getting tired I have quit 3 jobs and I am tired of the treatment
Because custome service SUCKS! I WORKED IT and it was terrible. Mainly because of rude over entitled people. I hope this teaches us to be kinder to those who work in retails and the restaurant industry. Because we all NEED them.
Millions of employees quit, let’s interview the employers and ask them why instead of the employees. 🤣
People are acting all surprised on how there is many jobs but nobody applies it's simple what really happened so what happened was ..... it's right under everybody's noses the internet apps your cellphone
why didn't you interview anyone who's part of the movement? There are millions of people.. "it's a worker issue" lol
Burnout, low pay and terrible work environments. Not surprising, people are fed up
Health benefits for part time workers. I could be an artist with  access to health care.
Sign up bonus is b.s
r/antiwork
Well that's why America need immigrant workers but won't give them all the benefits that citizens have.
Don't forget a lot of people died
cut ceo pay and give people pay that let's them know they actually are valued. Not words. just cold hard cash. That speaks volumes.
The unspoken truth is not about the  “great worker reset”, it’s about the governments over the hill handout of “free money”.
@Erica Williams has been presenting this for over a year. She's brilliant !  https://youtube.com/c/ErickaWilliamsCC
I am looking for remote after months of mourning  and fear of the world ending . Lol
People don't mind working. It's how the employer mistreats employees. It's about the horrible pay.
60 minutes needs to do a follow up on this and ask why people applying for those jobs are not getting hired.
Y’all rigged the system to make it so unfair, made it so expensive, that people are quitting the system as a whole. Our society can’t keep sustaining itself like this
If they are so desperate "eager" to hire people, then why employers so picky?
The real reason is " Only Fans"
There is a real fear about the virus … and the reset was life with family is most important . Jobs are posted but schools closing mean that someone has to stay home. Also people don’t want to be managed with a mandate . Socializing mean your able to catch or spread the virus.  The pandemic has people thinking about life …..
I love seeing this, people quitting their jobs. For too long we have allowed this modern day slavery to go on. These companies back in the 50s used to take care of employees and it was all about being a family. But it has changed in this day and age these companies look at you as a number and expect you to lay down your life for these companies as if you are being sworn into military. They offer nothing but crap wages, toxic work environments, an oppressive leaders.  For so long people who have worked for 20-40 years have no choice but to stay at the jobs they hate due to wives, husband's, children, bills. These people are the lost generation who are forced to submit to the corrupt system, they are individuals who do not know theyre worth and are conditioned through years of the toxic system tl believe it's the best they will ever Find.  Now the tables are turning.  This is a good thing.
Why work for paper with no value. Can’t buy a house, have to finance a car for an eternity, groceries through the roof. They took away the  peoples drive and they just no longer care
Reason why quitting ?  Why make someone else dream happen when you can make your  1. Low pay 2. Wear more than one hat 3. Temporary employment without benefits 4. Temp 1yr  to be eligible for permanent based on performance  reviews  5. No life
Emmm actually a lot of people are not quitting, we are getting fired due to not trusting big pharma and blindly getting vaccinated
It’s a plantation how dare you call it a workforce
Please allow middlesboro City Police in Kentucky to know it's illegal to sign to my profile and military just because they are cops doesn't give them and military the right to use my profile that has top level classified moded technology with it that they are not authorized or allowed to use please thank you and allow Google HIS self to know he is a terrorist for allowing the technology to be used illegal with illegal sign ins thanks
That PHD woman here is as useless as the PHD woman who called Kevin Samuels.
At my last office job, they monitored how long our phone calls were, how many incoming calls, how many outgoing calls, how many missed calls, how many voice-mails, every key stroke, pretty much everything, I'm not exaggerating. They even listened in on our calls and corrected our greetings. On and on....finally my boss listened in on my phone conversation in my incoming call as they are all recorded and snooped around in my notes and bullied me. That was the final straw. He was a total D bag. I will never go back to work in an office again. I did it for more then 10 years and it wasn't worth it. They expect the impossible and want to control everything you do while giving you almost no authority. So much for using your brain. The workplace has become more and more like this with technology as a result jobs are boring as hel&. I will also never work with the public again. The abuse is not worth it.
I was laid off after 30 years with a company but in no way old enough to retire. I have yet to be hired for any job I’ve applied even with all the edict and skill I bring to the table. Where are these jobs for a person over 50?   Took my brother almost 2 years to get hired in his field. Again with plenty of education and work experience. This isn’t reflective of the actual world.
And meanwhile They continue to cause extreme inflation. I have no doubt that this is a planned act to increase AI to replace humans with computers in workforce. This is a well calculated move  of domino effect they want. It just boils down to more control of the people.
Not true! The truth is that they say they are hiring but NOT paying more and also not actually hiring  They turn candidates away!
And meanwhile They continue to make a reason that leads to extreme inflation, where they will introduce AI on a whole nother level to replace human jobs with computers. I have no doubt in my mind this is all a planned event of domino effects that is well calculated to carry out their agenda.
how is this called 60 minutes when the video is 13 minutes long?
Booo biased reporting !
I have applied for so many jobs but offers are not worth it to keep doing janitorial jobs and caregiving the toll it’s taking on my body . I have worked through the whole pandemic as a janitor and caregiver and while working both of those jobs I have taken some classes for accounting fundamentals and about to take another class for medical billing. Because I have background in 1 and half in accounting, 19 years in caregiving and 9 years as a janitor. The levels of mistreatment at these so call essential jobs are not worth it.
I've been working the entire Apocalypse, going on Year 2. We have been working with the public, stressed out, arguing, etc while being afraid of catching covid-19 and dying (early on when we knew little about it) I truly envy those who were able to pivot, quit, and do soemthng else
No one wants to work for ass$&&&$ and ppl are too crazy
They took away our fear of losing our jobs and then, we were free.
It's true I quit several jobs and the money left behind I'm not taking any more BS any longer...I don't work on their budget. Now I consult as Chef and now I get several jobs Thanks God
vaccine mandate
I plan on leaving the end of February. So many have left already. I've worked there 10 years. I can't take it there anymore, so I will be taking a leap of faith.
So I’m underpay in California, but if I quit how do I feed my children? Rent? Alit of people here are sharing how they quit because of underpay then how do you pay bills?
Ppl want a place where they can be stress free even though some jobs are more tougher than others but as well where you can make money and afford the fruits of there labor as well they don't need dictators they need manager to have team work with there employees. Also to add great benefits to even go to a decent doctor. Life to short ppl want to  just live and enjoy life with family n friends
They are not offering better pay
Can we PLEASE Talk about how a 30 minute break is not enough!!! We all need a 1 hour break from a job. So we can eat lunch and actually have time to have a BREAK!!!!!!!
What's missing from this piece is many workers found jobs and switched careers that are covid lockdown proof. The lockdowns have traumatized alot of workers and more resignations have and will continue the harder mandates are pushed in certain job & career fields.
Cut BIG GOVERNMENT,TAXES!
We all want True Freedom! No one wants to clock in for 3/4ths of their Lives... and Young (potential) Workers are finding alternative ways aka The Internet to become their own Boss making more money than they would at a JOB
I'm retiring next month.  They couldn't pay me enough to stay.
They saw this coming a long time ago. When the largest workforce in US history reach  retirement age.It’s simple math.
Could it be …? .. Having to wear mask for 8 hours . then if not vaccinated you have to be tested every week…
Simple folks are sick of sorry pay lame benefits and not being treated with respect and being thought of as just someone to be treated as a second class citizen so I'm all for people not going back to work.
I work as a Nursing Assistant , we are some of the most over worked and under paid. Working very hard every day, moving and lifting dead weight. Cleaning urine and feces, blood and so much more. It's back breaking work, yet greedy facilities rake in millions of dollars. Some workers don't even make twelve dollars an hour, its a disgrace. Without people willing to do such a degrading job, who will take care of people's loved ones.
That's a lie because plenty of people in Northern Virginia are applying for jobs and then people are not hiring and I am one of them they turned me down on multiple jobs some of the jobs send a email letter back stating but they did not tell me why. And their most places are doing 1099
Let me tell you what it really is. It's the mandates. They won't say it cause it hurts their narrative.
I don't believe that. People are quitting because they are refusing the vaccine.
THEM VACCINES 💉 MANDATED IS WHY STOP TRYING STOP US FROM RISING WITH YALL LYING MOE
Baby boomers are dieing.
BECAUSE THE RULES ARE UNCLEAR
For me, it just came down to one thing. I did the math, and it said that I had to make $1,000 per day, or I could never retire. If you can't pay me $1k/day, I can't work for you.
The Fed prints the money you work for. Let that sink in and you will understand why we are all poor!
As a senior workforce analyst. I relate to this work from home which I am. On my end I'm more productive now and find work much better. Since I'm in the workforce I analyze that I have shorter attrition from my Work from home employees than those in the office. Also I find that work from home employee like myself are much productive and yeld better productivity by profit.
Hi,in every work place when you interview all they take about is team concept,team concept .that the owner is never a part off 😊
The trucking industry exploits the crap out of drivers - 14hr says - 70 hrs in 5.5 days and a 34 hr reset. This guy is burnt - out.
So what's everyone's plan for money now?  I see dark days ahead.  And if I were a foreign country,  now is when I would start a war.  Id like to see what happens if they reinstated the draft. Gen Z'ya on the front lines.
5:45 dude is alright, he's invited to the cookout.
Ask the people who are leaving their jobs.
Affordable housing? In Miami? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The American wage earner has been losing wages and benefits since the late eighties.  Despite these wage earners being more educated and more productive.
🤔😆 no more ICE raids in factories or "illegals taking away our jobs" how about them apples 🤣 Republican hypocrites should know that it's the "illegals" that need our help now which makes them the true Americans of this land 👍
Congrats on your pro-capitalist, anti-labor, propo.
I have yet to find a remote job. I must be missing something because I'm trying to hop on that train.
I'm in tryrant training to run the world proper
The hook up
Why work for money the Fed and Gov can just print? Fake money for cheap labor.
FORCE_PERMANET_MY_A.I._GEO_FENCE_ALL_MEN_TATTLE_TELLING_FOR_UNITE_CIA_DEA_NO_MALE_RATS_ALLOWED_TO_LIVE_ITS_A_NATIONAL_SECURITY_ISSUE_THAT_SET_UP_FAKE_CRIMES_TO_RAT_AND_STAY_OUT_OF_JAIL_NO_OVER_RIDE_BRIDGE_BIND_EXPOSE_ALL_OF_THEM_TO_CARTELS_AND_GANSTERS_GET_THEM_BEHEADED_NO_OVER_RIDE_BRIDGE_BIND_LOCK_BIND<
Because Joe Biden have a plan 🤣
People are tired of the wealthy government working us to death taking all our hard earned money!!!!
Forced vaccination?
The irony is all the women who quit and then they’ll continue to say there’s a “wage gap” despite more men working they’ll just take 2 numbers in a multi variable situation and say sexism oh the women are making less than the men must be because of their penis
All employers want to hire are Mexicans.
Well let’s see should I work in a n office that’s 30 to 45 min away in light traffic… gas bill around 490.00 , pay a childcare 400.00 a week minimum to watch my children . Or work from home eliminate half of my gas bill , no childcare needed . No outside lunches …. No extra business attire bill, dry cleaners bill . Less miles to drive lowering freeway use bill ( new tax) lower my insurance bill … damn you know what ? I think I’m staying and work from home. Corporations created this whole mess now live with it ! Adjust just like you made us adjust to the lock downs.
Ali-Express is allowing binds to us that is DNA binds that allow them to transfer demand on us we need that stopped
It's a beautiful thing watching everything back fire on democrats My experience from all this has been life changing for me .I went from a 50 Year old Boat Captain to a semi retired shop forman at a very busy Plumbing company and I have not looked back went from staying gone all the time working 84 hours a week to working Monday thr Friday 8 hours a day and I love my job and my boss I would do anything for them rolled my 401k over and now I'm just sitting here waiting for the age of 61 so I can cash out but to be honest I don't think I will leave my job today for nothing I'm finally treated very well I'm proud to be an employee at All Star Plumbing and hope it never changes
Wages. Higher wages.
Wish I could afford to quit my job. But. No one is going to give me money.
I think it's the lack of freedom.  Most jobs want people to work 10 to 12hrs a day.
We did’t have this situation with Trump.
8:25 "the pandemic" did not rob mothers of their child care options.  Politicians locked you down.
8:09 the pandemic didn't shut the economy down, the hysterical over reaction created by media caused our political leaders to lock us down.  Governors, Mayors, and Presidents did that.  Do not blame the virus.  The virus just made you cough.  The media made you scared.  The politicians locked you down.
It’s not a worker problem, it’s a owner problem. Increase the pay and people will be more motivated to work.
Health care, education, restaurants, retail, construction, all short staffed. Why are such essential jobs grossly underpaid and people pushing papers around an office make 6 figures?
For decades the U.S. may have innovated at home...while building abroad (read Asia). This allowed high-end manufacturing and the well paying jobs that go with that to all but disappear.
Exactly
It is because people don't want to work for free.  The top is a bit greedy.  They just want to skim the cream off the top while the laborers do all the work.  Make our time valuable.
We would rather be broke than work for monsters
Horrible work environments and abusive ..no amount of money is worth it for corporate corruption
Some employers almost double dog dare you to find another job (if you don’t like what you have)…. So, people leave!
"We doubled our revenue" Wow, so I wonder how much you increased salaries as a result of that then???  :-)
In my case I am being forced to take a booster "medication" that expires every 5 to 6 months and  no one can be made liable of the aftermath the secondary and long term effects it might bring.
Restaurants will get more employees if they banned tipping and paid them real wages
I quit my big corp job to start my own business happy as can be
they are waiting for the biden promised $20 hour starting wages
People are still getting sick as well , they just want to rush and say ok vaccinated we are good
I am a beside nurse and I am quitting my job, overworked not safe for patients or the nurses to work in a toxic environment. CEOs are minting money while nurses' ratios have increased with burnout levels at the highest no compensation or appreciation for our tiresome work.
this is BS
NO They Are Moving because Democratic ran City’s and there tired of the unLaw RULES !
I worked at a Panera for a year after graduating college, which was right when the pandemic hit. They had three near-full turnovers of employees, and kept hiring unprofessional workers, and failed to give any raises to those who stood with them as long as they did. They even tried to make us work full time without benefits, using a loophole in the policy. Even some managers either quit, or were demoted to different restaurants. I finally broke and quit that job back in November, even burned my uniform at our Christmas bonfire.  I feel happier than before, and recently got a job as a Paraeducator. Not sure how well this will go, but I am never working in food service ever again.
I've quit two jobs now over things they want me to put in me and on my face. I notice people are moving to Florida and Texas...🤔
It's called vaccine mandates
Honestly to this day, many employers only want to invest in employees not willing to control their own narrative in career building. And I would agree that the Pandemic has highlighted mismanagement practices.
Can't believe they didn't mention Only Fans. People are making their monthly wages in a day
The phenomenon of self-confidence of a worker is based on unemployment benefits, rising inflation and prices. The problem behind remote jobs is that they are based on capitalist thinking and a free market economy too and it is precisely these moments that are very questionable in the USA. Debts are growing and the Fed is printing more and more money. The toxic bonds are being bought up, buybacks are at the highest level and negative interest rates are nothing new. In other words - capitalism no longer works as it should and everything is artificially created. The new american economic miracle is just a kind of mirage.
They don't want to take the vax
Why are the dislike numbers hidden?
Stimulus checks only cover so much if anything at all.
Leave it to someone from the Fed to lie like that. "It's as if that social contract of work is being rewritten and right now the worker is holding the pen."  BS.
"...starving them out isn't working... let's try crumbs..." 🤔
Pandemic was an eye opener for me and many others. I don’t consume much let alone order stuff online especially opting for 2 day shipping. We all need to be cognizant how our consumer habits affects workers in all industries.
I haven't quit I love my job but it is disheartening to watch inflation continue  to go up and minimum wages workers get up to 7 dollars more an hour while I got a measly 3% . That doesn't even come close to keeping up with the cost of living, and I work In health care.
They are quitting you nuts because they are being fired if they don't take your poison!!!
If they're looking for cheaper rent,  don't come to Miami.   Rent is expensive in Miami!!
Since there's not a single interview of an actual worker in this video, I'm giving it a thumb down.
Didn’t Biden boast about lowest unemployment in the fall of last year……? 🤣
Jobs are treating people like slaves and getting away with it. People are dying of old age in these man prisons and no one's saying a word. I knew sooner or later something would budge.
Not a single working class interview. Not a single working class voice.  No mention of unions.  No mention of strikes. No mention of on the job deaths in Bessemer. I'm in Denver and today at 5 a.m. 87 King Soopers went on strike.  To use an old turn of phrase: The revolution will not be televised.
Yup.. And affordable housing. If the realtors would stop jacking up the pricing on real estate...
The closing of schools and everything that revolves this has a lot to with people returning to work. What to do with the children while maintaining a job is still an issue.
COVID happened ...that's the reason!!
If you're not making enough money you really have no quality of life. There's more quality in life working less, living more conservative. The only people enjoying work are the folks making over 150k$ + a year. It's getting absurd.
Biden’s mandates is the answer
I’m not sure why people are so shocked, people are quitting jobs to move to places where Progressive politicians aren’t trying to regulate you to death. Minimum wage laws, draconian covid restrictions, rent control laws and “open-space” city planning policies have now clearly ruined all the places they’ve been in vogue. The migration patterns don’t lie. “Workers” are voting with their feet and with employment they choose. Thank god for the free market, where you can just quit if you don’t like it and THE MARKET WILL LITERALLY ACCOMMODATE YOU. It’s almost like that’s the whole point.
I’m not sure why people are so shocked, people are quitting jobs to move to places where Progressive politicians aren’t trying to regulate you to death. Minimum wage laws, draconian covid restrictions, rent control laws and “open-space” city planning policies have now clearly ruined all the places they’ve been in vogue. The migration patterns don’t lie. “Workers” are voting with their feet and with employment they choose. Thank god for the free market, where you can just quit if you don’t like it and THE MARKET WILL LITERALLY ACCOMMODATE YOU. It’s almost like that’s the whole point.
It takes FOUR CHECKS to pay rent or mortgage now....
What BS....2020 IS A DEMOCRAT PLATFORM....HOW ABOUT THE government STOP GIVING LAZY PEOPLE FREE MONEY?!!!
This is a gross misrepresentation of the great resignation. Zero journalistic integrity.
Lmao most biased thing I've ever seen in my life
Simple answer they don't want to be forced to take the Vaccine.
A: Weed and Onlyfans
In NZ people are losing their jobs if they don’t have the jab.
WOW! What a good video. It would be nice if there was a video for my situation. Here I am at 41yrs old, suffered from a stroke at the beginning of Covid and haven't been able to find a job. Due to the stroke, I now have really bad anxiety (to the point that it takes 2-3 days to do my grocery shopping due to too many people around or busy streets), high blood pressure, and a few mental issues (short term memory loss, depression and bad road rage). There are so many jobs, but due to my issues I can't accept them. I was told, paraphrasing, that my stroke was strong enough to cause issues but not bad enough to get help. For the last 4 months I've had to take a loan out to pay bills, maxxed out credit cards and since I can't repay the loan I will probably lose my car. It would be nice to know if there are jobs out there for remote work with my limited skills. Who am I kidding...there isn't. In my case, I wish the stroke was stronger.
WhAt MaKes YouR heArT sInG?
As far as any kind of office setting goes, there’s really no reason to have to congregate at a physical office space with the technology we have today. No only that, it’s been proven that productivity has actually risen with the work from home model. It’s a win-win for employees and employers both
People are moving to safe Republicans cities.
I would like to quit my job too being a nurse for morethan 12yrs it is really overwhelming it makes me sick, it makes my life shorter. I feel it is not worth it.
Who paid them for this
Good 4 them
Benifits?! That is an insult. We're supposed to be the most powerful and wealthy nation on earth : our insurance has to be sued to pay out. Our deductibles are unachievable. Employee paid premiums go up every year and we have to settle for a 7 minute doctor, PA or Nurse Practioner visit. We are being raped for our money and quality of life. DONE!
its not a worker problem, corporate 60 minutes, its a LOW PAY problem !
wow
Companies are wanting work to take that shot has nothing to do with what they’re talking about!!
Well .....mexicans will work for 2 dollars an hour and 14 hour days six days a week just hiring them In healthcare just hire mexicans in the operating room and supervise their labor hire them And if they mess up get a big malpractice insurance there are a lot of illegals needing jobs hire them LOL
Let's go Brandon
How are people paying bills?  Mortgage/rent, expenses, insurance?  Being 20 and living with your parents is one thing....but I'm a grownup!  I'm working a challenging job...hardest I've ever had.  I'm well compensated, but hardly making a great deal.  I don't have any choice!  I have to work.
BASED. The US has some of the worst if not the worst labour rights in the western world. Absolute neoliberal hellscape. Employers freaking out that they can't be as cartoonishly evil anymore is feeding me.  Now do public transport.
CBS... You should be ashamed for putting out this Piece. Down playing the Mandates and The Covid impact on Employees and The Communities at Large. (Disgusting)🤬 And where is The Diversity in your Reporting? (SMH)
PM me if you don't want a rat race job & would like take a look at a real opportunity. Something that plagues this country & no one from these mega corporations is even the slightest bit interested in helping to fix it.
Another network used to ‘brainwash’ humanity. Don’t listen to them. They are looking for everyone to work from home and live in ‘meta verse’. This is where it’s all heading folks unless ‘we the people’ do something about it. People are realizing how much ‘control’ big governments are trying shove down everyone’s throated and are deciding not to have any of it. Lay off our FREEDOM’s Uncle Sam!!!
Funny they should be asking the people why they're quitting when I remember seeing 10 people be hired  in one day and almost all of them are gone in a week where I work in retail.  Low wages, terrible scheduling and pay time, managers are bad etc.
I work for a super large corporation, I am 75 years old, and the corporation makes me work the late shift because they know I can't go at my age and get another job.  The big corporation thinks it fun to push workers that need money to do jobs younger workers will not do.  I am tried and wish I could go rest before it to late, BUT, I can't bills to pay, the younger workers see that the big and middle size corporation DO NOT CARE ABOUT workers, are leaving and enjoying life while they can!!!!
Quiting jobs at such a rapped rate is spelling the end to our way of life forever.
maybe doing what we are, working online for themselves?
Minimum fourteen dollars an hour is a start. If it can be done in Germany, it can be done here. Who am I kidding, our government doesn't care about the average American.
Súper fun finally saying what I’ve always wanted to say to my female philipino “manager” but she set herself up lol and walking off like a boss It went like “ok enjoy working with these covid patients while I’m at the Beverly center ( Beverly Hills mall ) shopping and having a drink, enjoy being a sub par manager here” then I walk and she goes “ hey can you get your soda can and bottle ?“ “ no! Recycling bin is there manage that for me” haha
I can't believe they don't have any workers in construction. I want I do not believe. I see more illegals working than I do see American black men working in construction. They will not hire them. So for them to say is no construction workers no that's a lie. I know several black men who apply. to be construction workers and they were turned down. Even in the temp service. It's hard to get a job. If you're black so this is a lie. Want him service in my state got in trouble. Because they were only letting illegals work and not United States citizens. A man even did a. Experiment putting in applications over 60. And only two jobs called him back. Something's not right it's nobody is working in hospitality. I don't believe this. 😔 But they're not willing to hire prisoners. Give them a second chance.. if they could do this for people that don't have a background here in the US. They can do this for people that do. have a background here in the US. But that would be too easy.
Can’t blame them, missing out on your children growing up is priceless! Prior getting ill my job was flexible my husband and I with family help raised 3 children. Don’t regret it at all. God Bless those whom finally said “I’m a human being not your personal life coach.” America is overwhelmingly over worked. Ppl in islands regardless of poverty they smile 😃 have family time, it’s beautiful.
Well this was a poorly made segment. Talk to the bosses but not the employees. Only one employee, who isn't even in the lower rungs of society, you know where all the real quitting is happening. People are quitting because they are underpaid (minimum wage or even lower when the law allows it), they get no benefits, they can't afford their housing, shelter, transport, and food.  Honestly can be said some people would be in better situations being indentured servants over where they are now.     Really surprised by the low effort by this.
Workers got fed up with mandates and coercion along with bowl of rice pay
There's one massive thing they have not mentioned. The prioritization of those very important relationships. No longer are we sacrificing our families on the altar of what we used to see as that all successful career. For far too long I drove professionally over the road and I was gone way more than I was actually home loving my family. The shutdown and being home more made me access that notion as well as how to prioritize making the money needed to live on and making time for FAMILY. As a professional driver for a large company, they did not care about that part of life so much. It was ALL about that bottom line and the family always took a backseat and they wondered why so many of us drivers were having hard times in our personal lives. Look! If you don't have it together at home you won't truly make it "out there!" The pandemic forced me to live out what I was afraid to. Less work and more home life. I always thought that if I worked less we would be in poverty! Well not so! Plus! My home life flourished big time and now I have gone back to school and am starting a brand new ONLINE career working from home so that I am actually THERE for my family. I personally believe that we have gotten back to the most basic ideal that the family unit is the very backbone of our society. We NEED those relationships and for far too long we have been sacrificing way too much! NO MORE!
Because there’s a Democrat in office that is promising free handouts in the form of welfare and unemployment benefits.  Where do you think that $6,000,000,000,000 has gone??
The employer will ALWAYS get the last laugh. They know what it takes to make sacrifices, be resourceful, and patient.  They are [and have been] in the process of finding alternatives to needing people to perform tasks.  Enjoy the party while it lasts!
I quit my job cause I was the only cook for a pizza place that paid too little and had too little staff that's why I was gone.
They quit  because they don't want the shot
Employers brought this on themselves.  They never replaced the lost worker numbers from 2008 and just expected more from those that remained.  People are tired of slaving away 50 hours a week in a work place that is understaffed and overworked.  Now, we've reached the breaking point where when one employee leaves, it creates such hardship on the ones that remain, it has caused a mass quit death spiral.  Now, business' understand the situation, but when they hire someone new, they are still understaffed 2 or 3 people.  When the new hire arrives, he has to fill in the work load of the last person that quit, who was more experienced at doing the job.  Maybe companies should of invested more in their workers than doing stock buy backs.  Maybe they should of hired and paid that junior tech when the skilled tech was still around so there would of been someone to fill in their shoes when they retired.  Companies expect workers skilled and ready to go, but have done little to make sure those workers are trained to assist.
Not one employee, just a bunch of bosses still missing out on the main problem 🤦‍♀️
Employers don't care about you
I wish my company would allow for more flexibility... they are forcing everyone back to the cubicle at the end of the month...
New normal.  No job, no problem.  Just bought half million dollar home thanks to 2.75 interest rate.  Math doesn't add up.
Well if you can let a person go with no type of security,  why would you want to stay? You work so hard as it is to a company that makes you work even harder. It's just not right.
Thought all of the illegals were taking the jobs 🤔
Because many employers require employees to wear masks. Any other questions?
Just saying a lot of places need truck drivers, and they make quite a bit of money.
Covid mandates weren’t mentioned
lol it stems from people having had enough off time to see what they've been missing. More time with family, more hobbies, living life richer. Then you're asked to come back for the same stale wage 40 hours a week? Nah.
After workers watched millions getting free money from the goverment some 50000 a year to not work, the workers said FU i quit
Soon there’s gonna be robots working behind the register some places already have machines that’ll check you out instead of actual people…technology is one step closer to taking complete control especially with nobody wanting to work…this next 20 years is gonna be a wild ride
But is the shift to remote working permanent or temporary?
The PLANdemic caused it all
Take this job and shove it!  I ain’t working here no more….
SHES LYING THROUGH HER TEETH!!!!!!!
People are escaping the COMMUNIST states like ILLINOIS NEW YORK and CALIFORNIA and going to FREE states like FLORIDA and TEXAS!!!!!
Funny how they suspiciously left out the fact that tons of people have had to leave jobs because of the vaccine mandate. Let's keep pretending that the mandate isn't destroying the economy.
No , they push an ultimatum for the vaccine and fired many.
millions of Americans deciding what's more important; their lives or their jobs. Also, nice show _60 Minutes_. 'Didn't interview a single worker, especially one in the front lines of healthcare.
Wages are not commensurate with inflation.
Tax paying Americans your government created the covid-19 China Wuhan lab funded by US dollars remember that next time you pay taxes
No one wants to take the deadly vaccine or participate in your b*******
Pay too low for the risk.
funny because i couldnt even score an interview with Hardees,
because they finally understand that the United States is just exploiting them, no vacation, no sick leave, no child care, ... Americans are looking at the rest of the world now and see it can be a lot better... No need to have experts telling you what it is
It's the mandates.   Most of them got fired because of the mandates.  Why aren't they talking about this.  People are tired of the stress and pressure that that the government put into place.  The government is not giving out stimulus checks anymore. So there is no free money.  The government put so many mandates that people just say forget it
Only losers work a job
These companies are trying to pay more for new workers but do nothing to raise the pay for current workers.  My tech company is offering more money to new hires but has yet to raise rates for us who are still here.  We experienced a huge resignation wave over the past year too.  I've been applying to other jobs too and even joked about reapplying for a new role with my company to get a higher salary lol.
People leaving because they are refusing the shot. Hmmmm of course they aren't going to talk about that FACTOR....duh
Sounds like a south Carolina problem. Every example is Greenville.
When you hired is for performance,not to put junk in your body.🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸❤️
Bleed them dry
These people moving to these good jobs are also fleeing the oppression of these deep blue states. They're fleeing to the freedom offered by red states.
Don’t misguide people and bring people from India and China to take Americans jobs please …..  So many people whom I know looking for a jobs
The Covid disappeared in the smoke  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1YI9UQ2jcU
As someone in there 30’s who had to work an essential job the entire pandemic I feel like all of this is obvious? Why would someone risk their health and safety working at a grocery store for barely enough money to support themselves? Why would an office worker ever go back to a physical office when they can accomplish everything and more from the comfort of their home? This pandemic shone a very bright light on CEO’s and executives. They do not care about their employees and are then shocked that they are leaving by the thousands
No interviews from employees. Why?
Talking to CEOs and small Business will not help you.... You should try asking Real Workers.
Goodness, I've been dreaming about a woman that can bring home four times the Bacon 🤑🤑🤑🤑😜🇯🇲 single and ready to mingle girl 😘😘😘😘 you vaccinated 🤦🏿‍♂️🇯🇲
Tired of making cents while you all make thousands..
Degrees from Stanford Harvard and PhD from Oxford....my god
The Liberals like their ideas, but not what they cause to their State. So they leave their blue state for a red one where life is good because they don't have liberal policy.
"Take your job and shove it'. How are these people supporting themselves without an income? No workee, no monee.
It’s simple, the pandemic inadvertently woke up the masses from the spell we’ve all been under for more than 20 years.    Working conditions have gotten worse, inflation has gone up, rent has gone up, yet major companies have treated us like replaceable androids for far too long.   Corporate America is already starting to swirl the drain, it’s a dinosaur model that will not survive for much longer.    The people have realized they don’t need to be beholden to a corporate master to achieve the life they’ve always dreamed of.
Seriously stupid question. Many employers give you two choices, get vaxed or quit. First responders and essential workers were heros than the mandate and everyone turned on them. Many quit in record numbers. You have fast food workers being beaten, robbed and murdered over a food order--for minimum wage?? Quiting in record numbers. You have Ubereats taking income away from Servers and Cooks. They rely on tip income!!! Now they do all the work for the drivers who get all the tip and do nothing for it. Quitting in record numbers. There are many more reasons why employees have had enough.
"We doubled our profit year over year" - Construction company owner.  - Did you double your employee wages?
I'm quitting my job as a technical recruiter of 5 years, tech industry 15 years to become a pilot. I do NOT like working from home. Everyone loves it, not for me! !!!
Love the change. More remote work and schedule flexibility. Also, working from home has given light to those who struggle with extreme depression and anxiety the ability to be productive and successful. Makes me happy to see. Remote work also gives people the chance to work for companies they never would’ve had the opportunity to prior due to its location(s).
Employers have increased their pay rate... YET you have to work at the pace of 2 employees. And with most hourly jobs you are hired 'At Will' so you can be discarded for any reason at any time. Also the problem with the Service Industry is people look down, degraded and disrespect those who are Service industry workers... that's a huge problem. Now that I've left my job, I can not see myself going back. There are so many other ways to make an income.
Such a one sided video. Talk to the workers who are quitting their jobs. Hopefully workers will continue to quit to force companies to raise higher wages, benefits, and compensation. The power is in the workers hands.
Crash the stock market and you will pull retirees off the sidelines
"People are moving to more affordable places" Then Shows Miami where the housing prices are very expensive.
This is a wages problem. Paying for education and signing bonus is not as good as a fair wAge. And people know this
Nobody not trying to get vaccinated for a paycheck ain’t worth it…..
Because the government has offered to compensate them more to stay home. It’s a shame.
Why is it that those who demand respect always turn out to be the ones who deserve none and give none.
THE INFLATION OF THE US DOLLAR AND THE EXPLOSION OF HOUSING COSTS DOES NOT OFFSET THE MEAGER WAGE INCREASES. LETS GO BRANDON.
The interesting thing is that many people are assuring themselves a future of poverty, and that they're trying to destroy their country, so their children will have nothing but crap.  What will they tell their kids?  "I'm sorry kids!  I was so immature and childish, that having fun came before all of you."
Uhh no one chooses to quit like being said. We have been fired and Laid off due to government and state policies on covid!!
Ok. You don’t think mandates are the issue.
if you pay and treat them well, they will come
Health departments are paid off and the workers aren't wearing masks when handling food. They should have been fired for not wearing a mask and the businesses should have been shut down by the health department.
look this is the answer to every job problem INFLATION
It's clear. It is the unconstitutional vaccine mandate's fault.
Buy a house? You mean take out a bank loan for half a million dollars. Not the same thing.
This proves that capitalism works! As long as there is a fair system and big corporations can't cheat!
LinkedIn LOL is Facebook for work. Just a bunch nonsense.
When you don't need to deal with the crap then don't deal with it.   This is America you have the freedom to choose what works best for you.
we are quiting because inflation is too high
3:57 guy is so funny. "We" doubled our revenue. Wow that says so much about the jobs you advertise. What about a salary, when you doubled your revenue ? Oh now its your revenue right ? :)
Let's talk about the older workers who are being FORCES to retire because companies prefer to hire the younger talent.  Let's talk about EEOC rise in ageism claims.
Illegitimate Joe and his corrupt Democratic Party need to stop enforcing their anti-American vaccine mandates.
I just resigned yesterday after 15 years for the same organization. Never a a pat on the back or a showing of appreciation for a job well done. When it was time to talk salary they painted dire picture and forced me to accept below average increases. The bosses pet would get all of the perks and promotions with little or no effort while I tried hard to please and tow the line but no. Just not good enough. So there it was. I resigned and gained back my self respect. Life will be different but I know I will no longer accept the kind of humiliation I endured for 15 years. Just say shove this job.
If you get If job don't quit like me
If you don't like your employer or job, you should leave.  There are plenty out there that take good care of their employees.  Many are quitting because the government is paying them to not work, and that is wrong.
If your wage isnt gonna pay the bills, I dont need to waste my time at your job.
" Its a worker problem." No its an employer problem. They want employees to break their backs, but choose not to pay them fairly and offer no benefits.   Its not the fact that there isn't work. There is no quality work. Prime example is the trucking industry. Lots trucking jobs. There no trucker shortage. There is a shortage on quality trucking jobs.
I feel like I’m in the twilight zone right now.. WHY ARENT THEY TALKING ABOUT THE MANDATES!!!!!
Let's go Brandon!
Then what are they all doing now? How r they able to pay bills? Plz answer me
They are not choosing to quit. They are being forced to quit due to vaccine mandates. Current studies show the vaccines are enhancing the transmission of Covid by up to 3 times faster.
Because why would they want to work when they can get paid more to sit at home
60mins is fake news, tell the truth. These jobs are vacant because the Gov is mandating a jab.
Healthcare, hospitality etc it's because we will not get the jab
Watching this with my cat co-worker on my lap. Good times!
60 minutes is a racist show now .. wow !!
I think all middle class and poor quit in order to make the very rich support them.
Where's all the boomers in here that ruined the economy for good
B.S. they haven't offer me better pay..😡
It's propaganda. 'They' want white people to quit so they can give jobs to immigrants and pay them less. Don't give in to the propaganda.
Also stop rewarding ppl for being bums.
I think the American dream needs more dream less work. I’m still working for money. It still don’t work for me.
The question is...how are they living? How are they paying their bills?
i drive semis and my biggest problem is I get 1 weeks vacation a year and I'm gone 4.5 days a week makes absolutely 0 sense to me
I’m happy that people had the courage to move past a place where they didn’t feel comfortable.  Lets acknowledge it and lets encourage trying something new!
Free money is the problem if not free money trust me they won't survive
The women in this video.... Yesssss laaawwwdddd. 😍😍😍🏆🏆 BRILLIANT, stunning sisters. Thank you 60 minutes lol.
Chiming in with all the others here wondering why 60 Minutes’ story about why workers quit doesn’t include any interviews with workers who quit. What’s up 60 Minutes?
Americans want to work!  We just want to be treated with dignity.and respect.  Pay falls under that, compensation is often disrespectful and not even a fraction of a fraction of the profits and value we create.  The “what makes my heart sing” line is so out of touch imho; that would be nice but, most of us understand very few people can find work that makes our “heart sing” or figure out how to support ourselves doing things that make our hearts sing.  Not everyone can be a National Geographer explorer or photographer.  Many of us are content making less money if we can work with a decent group of people.  And, it’s not a worker problem, it’s an employer problem.  Many job openings posted  offer better pay & benefits to attract applicants that find out it’s a Bait & Switch & the appealing pay & benefits was, in fact, false advertising.  INTERVIEW  *WORKERS* IF YOU WANT THE TRUTH, 60 Minutes!
I can answer this without watching the video! People are tired of that 🐂💩
This disingenuous propaganda piece makes ZERO mention of those quitting in droves due to vax mandates, which is really at the heart of this (along with govt bribery).
Women who have children in many cases discovered they are happier at home with their kids.
My employer decided to cut my pay, after they had their best year in a decade. I left. 9 years of service with all better than average performance reviews…..didn’t deserve it, didn’t put up with it.
so are people living off of the 1400 bucks they got from the government 2 years ago?
They love capitalism until the workers use it on labor. Labor is in short supply, if you want it, you will pay more. Crazy that these ceos who hate socialism suddenly don't like basic supply and demand taking place.
Way.  Jez.  Say those words together fast.
Try harder, your jounalism is lacking. You don't make minimum wage.
If employers/ upper management care about employees jobs during budget cutoffs, then concern would be mutual too
The current work force is setup in a way that you have to dedicate more than you get in return. Our work force is the newest version in slavery (Look at all history not just our own) We are the best treated slaves to ever exist.
I went to get a new tire the other day, and the store manager told me they can't keep anyone "because they don't want to work". What I saw was his subordinate, who was supposed to be an up-front counter salesman, had to also work in the shop, helping to change tires. Having previously worked as a tire salesman for Michelin, I would not want to get near one of those tire-changing machines. That is a special skill involving a very dangerous piece of machinery. I was NOT tempted to see about coming out of retirement to work for him!
So, for a problem that Bill Whitaker defines as a "Worker Problem", why did 60 Minutes interview FOUR business owners and only ONE employee?  It's as if the VIACOM overlords decided it was a bad idea to mention how millions of employees realized that the wage earned was less than or equal to the transportation, child care, and quality-of-life cost to earn that wage.
Because they expect more than they pay, disrespect you but want respect back.
I like how they don't interview a single worker... Lol! They asked the one in marketing how she liked her job, with her boss present. This is propaganda sponsored by the elites, pure and simple.
You did not interview employees but employers. Your journalism is crap.
Vaccine mandates perhaps??
@3:45 that ladder made of styrofoam?
Pay people and don't treat them like 💩
People are tired of slaving away for no respect and little pay.
We are under paid!! Treated Very unfairly and in my case being paid 1990 wages still.. But I'm stuck at my job and they know it!!
I graduated a fe wmonths ago but I won't take a job that requires me to be vaccinated because that's 1. My private business 2. My freedom to choose 3. Unfair ...
great program on a real topic !
Because the government is allowing them to be lazy people 🙄
Before the virus business had the power with how they choose and held firing over their workers heads and reduced pay, after the workers have that power because so many jobs desperately need them. Those jobs that offer worthy opportiunity and pay for people to support themselves get the workers those who refuse to change will close. Thats just what i see in my environment around me
This is simply all about evolution for everything is constantly in motion and nothing is static.  So you see what you are seeing.  Nothing surprising and you will see more of this in the years to come, everywhere in the world and this phenomenon is not US-specific.  So relax and move with the change for your own good.
So how can I quite my job and still pay my bills?
All this is part of the plan.  This is all because of the minimum wage;  Companies need more employees because they aren't willing to give their current employees more hours.
Lack of work ethic .Young Americans are BRATS
I wonder how many actual employees are walking out Bc businesses, pressured by a certain political party and federal government, are forcing ppl to get a shot that ppl don’t trust for a hundred legitimate reasons, or lose their right to earn a paycheck? Of course the communist controlled media won’t ask that question
So if they aren’t working how are they making money?
People are quitting their jobs because, in the past 4 decades, businesses are NOT paying their employees the proper amount of income to survive.  Even look, the US still has the tipping system in the world!  LOL!  In the US income inequality is getting bigger and bigger as years go on.  The business owner's mindset is employees are replaceable!  I heard that from the owners mouth himself!
People quitting their jobs because the current government administration make them lazy , sending too many economic stimulus to Americans , encouraging them to stay home and don’t look for a job!
So we who continue to work have to pay those who aren't willing to pay their own way ? Idea, work while you figure out what you want to do. Lazy people are a cancer to our society.
Would be nice to be able to have no income..just not a luxury i can afford
Seems like people want to get rid of the inefficient garbage of unnecessary traffic and stressing over moving a laptop from my box at home to another box in a city and back. Get with the times employers!
don't blame unemployment. blame the government .be honest, it's the vaccine
I didn’t quit but lost a great remote job during the training so I decided to not get another job but chase my dreams instead. This is the BEST time to do it !
Joe Manchin said what he thought of the American people . “Don’t give them money or they’ll buy drugs”. As he buzzes off in his Lamborghini to his yacht ( no exaggeration) . When people were forced to stay home their quality Of life improved. Stress dropped and they had time to think. Those in restaurants and hotels looked around and they had the same amount of not being able to pay their bills as before . People want to work they just don’t want to work for free. The top 2% brought in a record amount while the pandemic raged through our families. We have a system that no matter the surroundings, the rich get richer and the commoner keeps sinking. Drug test Congress then put each one in prison in solitary confinement and place a beer outside the bars just out of reach. Remember the USS Liberty
I'm glad people are looking for satisfaction. People are tired of being over-worked, under-paid and taken for granted. Bravo American workers!!!
Maybe not forcing the Fauci ouchy wil keeo employees longer
I just graduated with my bachelors and I can’t find a decent paying LIVABLE position
Why is it hard to understand that people got tired of being overworked and underpaid for a paid for a possibility of being promoted?  They said it themselves. “The tying paying more than ever “. We had to quit to get offered more. The Pandemic 😷 gave people our time back. Then we found our own ways to get money 💵
Because they don't want to be forced to take the shot
This report is weird. LinkedIn lady said people are opting to move to smaller cities. If you can afford to move to a different city, then you aren't the ones being portrayed in this segment, which are the ones in the hospitality or labor positions, that don't pay much and are very demanding.
The is pointless if they're not going to interview workers. I own a company and give raises every 6-months, provide full benefits, support employees who are students with flexible schedules and time off during exam week. They can leave for other positions and come back if they want. Experiencing other companies if part of growing up and finding out what they want to do. Creating a corporate culture that is grateful for each person and patient with each person so we all learn from mistakes, I give second chances and don't hold grudges. I take my staff on retreats that are just for fun. I thank them often. I created a company that I wished I could have worked for when I was in my 20's and 30's - mostly so I would want to work there too. It can be done - even during a pandemic, while remaining profitable. Just my POV.
People are hiring, but take a few months just to call you back or they don't call you back at all when you apply, so they can't complain. People are also no longer interested in working for low pay to build someone else's dream. A full time retail job is not even enough to afford an apartment considering most places want you to make 2.5 times the rent when you barely make enough a month for rent.
The issue is people are leaving low-wage jobs that want everything but give so little. This isn't hard.
Good for her. The issue with office and warehouse jobs that I found is gossip. They talk about past and present employees. Especially past employees. I mean, you might as well work from home. 😆😆
Congrats on supporting Pelosi’s administration.
Should I quit my Job I don't like it and it's toxic?
This has been occurring in healthcare for years and is getting worse ! Unrealistic workloads and psychopathic managers. I have personally seen nurses having meltdowns, crying and sobbing due to work stress.  Since I became an RN I have had two nurses I knew commit suicide because of job stress !  The pressure to perform at peak without any breaks, lunch and being deliberately short staffed because of corporate greed !
There talking about this I work in construction and to me this is good for me less workers higher wages to hear these bosses crying about this kinda funny to me to gonna lie.
Offer a living wage to hospitality so they can pay there bills,  would be a start.   Family first
20 an hour to make a company millions. No thank you. Keep your minimum wage etc. BYE BYE CORPORATE GREED.
Bidens America
Today's wages is a slap in the face
They finna rock y’all to sleep 😴 …here comes the robots
I've been working on this subject for years and everyone thought I was crazy when I kept saying "women will create work from home, especially those with kids".  Glad it's moving more in that direction to give us the freedom we need to have a family and do something we love to bring in income.
I wish I could afford to quit my job. Sadly I live paycheck to paycheck $270 a week. If I quit I lose everything. More power to those which are able. Must be nice.
The pandemic has shown people life will go on whether or not your put in 60hrs of work or more a week for your employer, while missing out on life. Your life.  Just like after 9/11, things will never go completely back to the way we were. Americans have seen work ethic like this is Europe. More time for you.  Which makes for better production. We will see if this holds true. As of now, this is about 40% true. But I think more and more will incorporate a shorter working day for less pay and more flexibility than more work and no end.
Is it because the younger generations realize its not worth slaving away at a job to barely make ends meet because employers still don't pay a living wage in Biden's runaway inflationary economy or is it because most companies don't hire people unless they fit into a racist/sexist anti-white diversity quota or is it because people refuse to take an unquestionably unsafe vaccine being forced onto to the public by the state & federal government through unconstitutional mandates which violates human rights & the Nuremberg code (oh yeah Nuremberg only mattered when they were vilifying German nationalists against the globalists who wanted to enslave their country to fiat ponzi schemes & who are behind the COVID vaxx itself today). Or is it because people are dying in droves from caving into the coercion of taking his dangerously toxic MRNA shot only to die from vaccine injuries like Myocarditis, organ failure, menstral disorder or unaspirated shots, which was always about totalitarian control & not about public health/safety? TPTB never cared about anyones well being, they created the mass hysteria to create divisiveness between the masses as a distraction from who are behind puppets like Biden & every leader on this planet. IB4 run on sentences.
You doubled your revenue...did you give any of that to your workers??????
This is not news, this is not journalism, this is propaganda.
15 a hour, but part time ain’t going to cut it
I work 50 to 60 hours a week and I just had to stay home for 8 days for covid. I didn’t receive 2 nickels to rub together for it and now I can’t afford food right now. I’m incredibly poor to start with. I’m thinking why do I even try? I have barely any free time to start with but I can’t afford a car. This is seriously the end of the United States.
Only the willfully naive do not know the answer to this question. 1) Mandatory Vaccinations 2) the Government is paying people to sit home.
I will show my bias here, I am super happy the workers have more power to demand better working conditions for themselves. If businesses want to stay afloat they NEED to keep the happiness of the people who do the work for them in mind.
We’ve worked for low wages no benefits!! Plus the company that we’re working for gets rich!!!
I didn’t quit, I was suspended for calling someone a Karen 🤷🏻‍♀️🤣
People are quitting because we want a higher wage
How many of these jobs require the jab?
Don't forget the mandates forcing ppl out
This is definitely far from my situation right now. I would be glad to get hired right now. I have applied for over 283 applications in the last two years and I am still waiting on a call to be hired.
forced covid rules and mandates making some jobs unbearable, inflation making some not worth the pay anymore, influx of cheap labor from around the world keeping lower skilled wages low, general disrespect shown to service workers by society, lack of benefits, employer disregard for family / personal time and mental health are few reasons people are fed up
TRAAAAASH!
Alot of people are also quitting (or just not applying) because most jobs also require the vaccine, making it seem like it's mandatory to work anywhere.
I quit my hospitality job last month and its because I kept hearing how my employer couldn't afford to give us healthcare or paid vacations.  Meanwhile we had a cafe in the hotel that wasn't being used to generate revenue but instead was used to store items that my employer bought to "improve" the appearance of the hotel.  All the items stored in that room have been in there for months and never moved.  Its not a matter of ability, it is a matter of will and employers can't seem to find the will to take care of their employees.  I would have been at that hotel for 11 years in March.
There's not a worker shortage, there's a pay shortage. If you're getting paid starvation wages, why bother working?
Wow these comments! Maybe you should try and find a real job then, that will pay you for your skills like most people who worked years to gain move up and be compensated accordingly.  Your working a job, not a career! Listen to the things you even complain about, its so petty when other countries citizens work so hard for nothing. Don't blame America bc your to lazy, entitled and wont something for nothing. Look at yourself.
It's quite paradoxical that here in Africa it's completely the opposite. You make 30 applications to enhance chances of getting one stupid, poorly paying job... Same planet, different world.
i mostly dislike the video      mostly
The crazy part about it is I'm 32 never had a legitimate job in my life thinking about working for the rite price lol
Because Americans have gotten lazy! They make more money living off the Government!
8:00 what a smile! 😍
People are quiting jobs to work at better jobs that pay more.
Men die from COVID at higher rates than women. Baby mammas most affected.
How many of these people were fired for not getting vaccinated
How many quit due to the stupid mandates
We are tired, we are unjustified and some are dead to a judge requirement for a woman who left you took the kids and wants a check every week. America has failed males and now everything is out of order. And law has no consequences because we have women doing men things.
Wow it’s almost like people don’t want to be paid minimum wage, work 60 hours a week, and see no potential for growth in the future.
Why? Ummm, people don't want to put crap vaxx in their bodies. The Dem's broke the system. I hope you are happy.
Wow 😳 ! And I thought 🤔 I had it bad with the low pay and harsh work environment and now the health issues now with this virus that's tracking across the country ! The way how thing are being handled is just mind boggling ! Wow ! This is America and we can do better !!!!!!!!
Not wearing a mask 8 hours a day. No one wants to work in a place where wearing a mask is Mandatory tell the truth
Corporate America and bootlickers clearly made this episode. This is disgusting. I expected so much better from 60 Minutes.
The problem is also that most jobs want you to have 2-3 years experience for entry jobs. no one wants to train people anymore.
Ask a real simple question to companies hiring and LinkedIn. How many of these jobs are hiring people without a degree, or a bachelor's degree? I call this selective. I was terminated and replace with one of these people after I was forced to train them in my position. I was terminated along with 25 others and the company is failing now. What happened to hiring based on experience like in the 50's - 90's
What an awful bit, truly awful and out of touch.
Such a great commercial for the 4 companies listed. Please do the right thing and apply for the privilege to join their workforce. 😆
It's so simple they don't be pay enough and tired of companies don't want to pay enough
People may have returned to a different industry that explains their absence.
I see nothing wrong with this.
Capitalist propaganda trash for fat business owners and landlords to watch and have their conscience soothed.
Why work  for 30 years when you can get sick and die before enjoy retirement.
What happened to all the illegal workers
America the land of the great slackers  with horrible work ethic,  Just what I expected out of our younger generations.
The scary thing is people in HEALTHCARE are quitting in Droves!! I work in Healthcare myself,  I see it getting worse week by week. Its especially awful for really sick or injured people coming into the ED, or just on the regular patient floors. A lot of people in Healthcare went into Healthcare, after already having another career.  They are going back to their Old career's......
“It’s a worker problem…” “the fundamental relationship between workers and employers is being rewritten and Employees are holding the pen” this segment is hot garbage. Completely misses the reality of hyper capitalism, lack of workplace democracy and union representation, and ALL the filthy tricks that we all know employers get up to for the sake of manipulating their workforce for profit. Let’s not even mention the lack of ability for the vast majority of the workforce TO BUY A HOUSE and raise a family. Capitalism makes living your life like wading through a pool of razors while getting chided for your tattered pants.
When employers fire employees no one bats an eye.  When people are resigning, employers : Pikachu face 🤔
I'm glad that ex-cons leaving prison will easily find work now...  I've gradually taken myself away from mainstream employment.  Now I'm earning half my income under the table, and half for my 401k.  I'll also retire at 63.
Let's talk about the bs policies in the cities everyone is leaving...
Get paid to stay home, why work?
Jobs can't offer you peace of mind.
We are out there looking and applying, but the robots are dumping our application in the black whole universe.  Also 7 million rounds of interviews to get rejected is exhausting.   LinkedIn is more a social popularity contest nowadays. It was not like that before. Wish they interviewed real job seekers or those that are being burned out doing the work of many
Vaccine mandates pay a big part
Nothing but propaganda for big businesses. Garbage reporting. You people should be ashamed of yourselves.
I don’t have a car and don’t want to work a dead end job.
This can't be true since Biden just told us that he had just produced a historical moment because of low unemployment.
I’m a truck driver. I make good money but if I want to make more money I have to work more hours. This is the case for a lot of jobs.  You can do that for a certain period of time but after awhile you get worn out and mentally you get damaged. What type of life do you have if your working 60+ hours a week every week or working 7 days straight and not taking time off?   On top of that you have people not working at all and making money and spending that money the same as workers which is raising prices. And your having to pay more and more taxes every year.  Your double f’d if your a worker.
They should have interviewed more people who left their jobs to understand why. They should have also provided insight on how many people left their job with and without another job lined up.  At the end they tried to make it seem like there's this HUGE population of people you quit and are quickly depleting their savings account and will be forced back in the labor market which will give power back to employers... Well, I haven't seen anything suggesting that. The vast majority of the reduction in workforce was due to people retiring (which they did mention), not people just out right quitting and living off of savings.  I myself will be part of December's Great Resignation numbers. I left an employer I have been with for 10 years that has paid me below market value for the past 5 years and decided that returning everyone to the office during a Delta wave was their #1 priority. Well... I found a job paying 25% more, that has more upward mobility in my area of expertise, and that offers a permanent hybrid schedule (hopefully I'll be able to land a 100% WFH position in the future).  Power to the people!
Jobs are not the problem. Homeless is the problem. Everything's going up and get affordable house or apartment everything is too high or you don't make enough. That's why everybody is quitting cuz they can make more money on unemployment than their regular jobs
Billionaires laugh at there worker that are breadwinners and just go golfing
People are retiring they had enough. They are leaving the liberal states.
Many of these sectors involve dealing with the public, people have become entitled and treat retail and hospitality workers poorly. Also in the construction industry a vast majority in younger generations realize that working outdoors in heat and cold everyday that breaks down your body is not an attractive proposition
Women Women Women Women...  I see what's important now..  woke much?
Not just housing costs … also no mandates for restrictions on outdoor and indoor behavior such as masks and much lower taxes and much lower crime
This is GREAT news. Traffic keeps getting worse in my area. With this new COVID they poisoned the population with, I'll  be able to get to work in just a few minutes by next year!   YAAA!!!
This really isn't that complicated. Employers have given their employees a raw deal with no respect or loyalty. Wages have not kept up with inflation for decades and it is only getting worse.  People are recognizing how awful the job markets truly are thanks to the pandemic and are figuring out they can make their own company or find a better job. Companies have focused on their own revenue rather than the ethics and principles they operate on and this is the result. Not to mention how difficult it is for the youth to get off the ground, they see these 'careers' as a dead end paycheck to paycheck life and they are opting out of this broken economy. When people can not afford to buy a home and live a life from their job then they are not going to be loyal to their job. How is this difficult to understand?
Employers of Big companies need to pay better, and get rid of the toxic working environment.
Increase minimum wage, Increased house prices, easier to get welfare.. it's no longer worth it to chase the dollar.. easier to be happy selling lemonade.
Many women are leaving the workforce because, like me, they’d rather just be moms. It’s not a bad thing to want to be with your children rather than pay someone else to do a crapy job of it. If I go back to work, it’ll be a part time remote job so that I can spend time with my son. But right now, because my husband and I moved from Washington to Idaho, we can afford for me to stay home. I keep thinking about going back to work, and I cringe every time. Society can keep their opinions to themselves about stay at home moms. Why would you work if you don’t have to? My husband is happy being the working one, and I get to play with my kid all day.
This article is missing one fact..the people are quitting because of the vaccine mandate.people are quitting jobs because they don't want to be forced to be fully vaccinate
Thank God this has happened, I'm proud of millennials and Gen Z's, they are not putting up with the same crap our parents did in corporate Britain and Corporate America
Anyone that watches this public propaganda has less than sh*t for brains🧐
I am blessed as an Employer with excellent employees 🙌. They make Alta Driving School 🏫 a kind honest business.  My experience with employees has always been of collaboration and respect 🙏.  I know I would raise their salary more if I could but I do my best to support them in anyway I can, from providing flexible hours to filling spots whenever their sick. Team work
I’m all for these people quitting.  We’re about to find out what companies are really necessary. Those in the service industry are about to get a wake up call.  Construction jobs being unable to find employees is not new.  That industry has been dealing with the lack of craftsmen for a long time.
Their getting paid more to stay home.. Thanks to joe biden
I did a whole stream on this topic. The reality is, a lot of employers stepped on people's throats during the recession, then again during the pandemic. Many of these places would not allow their workers to protect themselves when we thought the pandemic was going to be far worse. People are done with it. Good. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a3KTuEJE8k&t=2348s
OSHA fines for businesses if employees don’t vaccinate or Covid test.
Why are you afraid to show how many people disliked this trash segment?
Pretty simple to answer, because the government meaning state and local and federal are giving a huge amount of unnecessary assistance to people who don't want to work. And those of us are responsible that do work, have to pay for these fuckers
Having just a job (one source of income) is dangerous. People need to diversify. Have multiple streams of income.  Think big. Rent your house or car. Have a side business. Do something you love and you’ll never have to work a day in your life.
Pay people a livable wage and maybe you will keep your "workers" - A Federal Gross Minimum Percentage of profit made is a good start - Sounds like just what the doctor ordered to keep "Capitalism" in check- Cut people a piece of the pie and you will have a workforce you wouldn't believe
Convenient that this trend lines up with the government mandating poison. The pandemic didn't shut down the economy the government did. Wake up people !
I'm sure there are bad employers out there, but I cannot help but think we have a spoiled generation that doesn't want to work. It's not like the turn of the century, with children  working 10-12 hour days, six days a week, in horribly unsafe conditions. I get that some jobs suck, but I've done my share to put food on the table and a roof over my families head. If you want a really good job, get the skills, education, and experience. Until you do, get a job and learn to be a good worker and build up your resume. If your employer is truly bad, fine, quit and get another job. But staying home is not a good option, becasue you are not doing anything to add your work value.
Just how it was during the black plauge lol
Funny. I'm no journalist but it seems like an apt question to pose to all these employers is what type of money they are offering. I guess that interferes with the angle of 'nobody wants to work' you're pushing.  Not a single time did you ask one of these employers what they offered, in specific numbers. Typically you've been indulging these people's false promises of "signing bonuses" (usually tiny with many strings attached) and "flexible hours" (you'll be required to work weekends and holidays, your hours could be cut with no notice).   People work for M O N E Y. You never mentioned money in a 13 minute segment about employment.
what tone-deaf trash, this video needs more downvotes
I feel the problem is is that we’ve had a over supply of jobs and business like fast food and now that people realize they can have better wages elsewhere they’re leaving. To make a long story short a lot of fast food places are going to go out of business.
Its more of a pay problem.  Wages are a  straight line since the 70s.  Inflation is a steady up hill climb . What you paid 4.00 dollars for in the 70s.  Now you pay 25 dollars for the same thing today.
The ridiculous totalitarian ‘mandates’ and the giving money away from this sorry White House wow 😯 obviously people don’t wanna work when free money is sent home
Hey World, Wake up!! This is a complete PROPAGANDA!! The Reason they don't interview anybody who 'Quit' is because they can't tell the whole world that more than half the nation's people REFUSE TO GET THE VAX! They we're Forced to leave!. Start looking around, they aren't as good at fooling everyone as they wish.
Bwhahahaha! So the ppl with no skills are quitting looking for jobs that require real skills. Hahaha
It's EASY - People don't want the jab and many people have awakened during this downtime to research. Most have unplugged from the matrix and are tired of the MSM lies and the Corporate industry. It's called The Great Awakening and people are tired of the lies and the MK Ultra brainwashing.  Pretty simple. Thank God I am retired because I would definitely be part of this  group too.
Interesting.. The news ran a story just the other day that we're at a 4% unemployment. Why does this story even exist if the unemployment rate is so low? Ohh I remember now.. The numbers tabulated by the government are BS.
4:32 she sounds upset about that that’s a very good thing for people to be able to afford better housing
Ps mandatory  didnt proof read abadi habit of mine!
And vaccines?? It’s no coincidence that they move to free choice states.
OVER WORKED and UNDER PAID!!  WASTE of LIFE for the rich who are comfortably enjoying life thanks to the backs of the majority.  Modern slavery is still slavery.  Delivery driving took a lot too I bet.
What about vacines being made majority in some cases and vacines injuries affecting  this as well!
Wait but conservatives said we would rather have federal unemployment benefits, but wait those ended.... So what's your excuse now? 😂
Honestly, Good. This has been the result of treating workers like garbage and giving them terrible wages while demanding a lot from people.
Nobody wants to work for less than living wage for companies that don't care about them. I am so happy that workers are taking a stand!
America has a very toxic work culture. We need higher pay, more/better benefits, better working conditions, and more work/life balance.
It used to be that an employer would be impressed at the tenacity of an applicant calling 2 or 3 times a week inquiring to see if they got the job.  Here the tables are turned where the owner of the construction company goes over-the-top to land this particular worker.  I say that's just plain old good work Mr. Construction Company Owner.  I hope the guy sees the potential of the offered position as clearly as you see the potential in him.  Both will need to nurtured.  Nothing like participating  in the fruition of a win/win situation.   Good luck to all.    - Philadelphia
Pua and unemployment gave people time to reflect on what they want to do and it ain’t be a worker bee. Ecommerce, stocks, crypto, it’s a wealth of knowledge out their on how to make your own luck nowadays
The stimulus is not what making people not working 😕 it's how much pay you're getting for the hard work. They pay can not pay the bills 😒 the bosses are squeezing the workers too much for too long the GREED of bosses is what killing the workers 🙄 we need to get back to the days when workers have rights....companies needs to see workers as fellow citizens of the country and not costumers and consumers! Treat workers as they have a family too.
Great liberal twist, to let the illegals In. The lib agenda to destroy the world is working.
In the intro it's said that employers are offering better pay and are desperate to hire, but what about report after report of people that are applying for 40+ unskilled entry level jobs at places actively looking for help  never getting a call back or interview? What about the continued reports of these businesses claiming to offer bonuses and higher pay only to have them rug pull them and tell them on day 1 that what was promised ISN'T going to happen anymore? There is a lot more going on. Companies are lying about how no one wants to work for them, getting piles of resumes and not calling anyone back. The companies that are actually ready to hire are bringing in people with flat out lies of bonuses and higher pay, so then people get mad and quit. I get the feeling that for some reason taht I'm not sure of, big business as a whole is trying to create some narrative that just doesn't exist.
Granted some employers are to blame. But when you offer a safety net like we have. People will take the  easy. Blame the virus. Really.
It’s lack of trust in others. People with kids don’t trust baby sitters anymore, daycares, parents feel forced to stay home with the kids.
I quit my job to find a better job, better pay flexibility conditions and better culture. No longer living for work. I love my new job riding my bike, sold my car bought my own espresso machine life is so much better. Hard to explain to my best friend at the other job on why I would take less pay to be happy.
Because the companies posting jobs want you to be able to do 3-4 jobs listed for the one position and they ARE NOT paying more they are paying LESS .
people quit their jobs because they're mad they've gone out of their minds they've been driven out of their minds by being locked up and having to wear masks and being perpetually frightened by the media you caused them to quit their jobs you big media
Here is a thought. Why don't you ask someone who quit or resigned why they did it.   Here is a TLDR: We are angry. We are hurt. We are tired of making someone else money.
People took their money and started their own thing. This is a gig economy. Many people took on gigs.
Because i can go get what i need by just going to the store and walking out without paying….god bless America, and nobody else
Why would they work when the government is paying so much not to? 🙄
People are finally realizing capitalism goes both ways
They sure bombed on this report! And your data is so wrong!!! Its funny how the minimum wage goes up and everything else too ,groceries, gas, bills etc. so it's just pushing dollars and it doesn't make sense..cant put anything back for retirement no respect for what you do for these companies want to say we have given you more money on the hour so we want more work out of you ,but you want me to do my job.. plus train new hires,..take 30 min of my lunch away .and since there being so picky on the  background checks on new hires ,now you have to come in on weekends just to get a  decent paycheck but cut the overtime. Also the bullys that they are hiring they bully the new hires & the supervisors because if you tell these people to not take out their cellphones ,or to stop being loud & obnoxious they will just walk out on you, if you give them any constructive criticism, they yell your being a racist  and walk out on you . Also  reverse racism is outa control and know one is talking about that either , that's why people are quitting their jobs in record numbers ,we can thank this administration and don't forget about taking the jab  !!If you don't take it well you'll lose your job then too
I’m not just NOT going back to work, I’m retiring 20 years early. It’s not just the work. It’s the atomized American culture. It’s the hollow dating culture. It’s contempt for high output men like me. It’s the insane taxes on investors like me.  I’ll be in a tricked-out van down by the river day trading crypto and getting ready to head offshore. SOMEBODY should be able to fill my AI engineering/leukemia research shoes eventually because I’m going barefoot.
Why work when Socialist Democrats will give them "FREE MONEY"
Biden did that
60 minutes is desperately trying not to wither away…
Tell half the population they are bad and you don't need or want them many of them say ok and walk and then they go why is this happening
Oh what would they ( quitters) do , if the government had allowed the immigrants to have come in and absorbed all of these recently vacated jobs ? Hmmmm.....!! 🤔
FORCED NOT A CHOICE !!!!!! MANDATES ARE UNCONSTITUTIONAL !!!
Maybe these people should work on getting allodial title.
Not going to watch, but I can PROMISE it is the fault of everyone, but not the Democrats.
My wife was a elementary school teacher prior to the pandemic and a virtual teacher during until Florida allowed kids to go back to school but her heart was no longer in teaching so she quit luckily I was able to maintain employment as a ironworker she's now a stay at home wife which I prefer and she also became a notary that's starting to pick up
People are starting to wake up and realize our pay has NOT been in line with inflation and basically make less and less every year that passes. Even if we make the same the next year it’s less because everything else goes up.   These companies also offer very little if any incentives to do well at your job or even stay with them. This is only going to get worse because we all know they will never pay us what is fair especially at the middle level of skilled jobs.
Funny seeing this I resigned three days ago from my first responder job
Many observers point out that a lot of this is simply workers of retirement age deciding to retire, since they were not able to go to work in 2020-2021. There is always a turnover in the labor force, some of it is seasonal and some is people moving or looking for better pay or conditions. The stimulus $ helped pay the bills but everuone has to have some kind of income. Relax, people.
ok. now what about blue collar workers and the poor?
Management is one reason to work from home. My current bosses are defensive, mercenary blow hards. Trying to but I am RN. There are some jobs  but there could be more remote work. Or at least one day can work from home in a work week.
I don't work for money. Money works for me.
Its a rejection to the forced mandates of feds. And laziness
People quit cuz them tokens dont stretch even if you put in extra time
You can make more money creating your own income now days in so many different ways. Why work for someone else who probably don't even appreciate what you so for them.
60 Minutes: “this segment is about workers”  Interviews not a single worker.
Yes we won't be slaves
this old hag is such a stiff i fell asleep twice during her opening monologue
Well done 60 minutes, you managed to create a 13 minute shitpiece without interviewing a single retail employee, teacher, nurse, etc. as to why they are quitting their jobs.
Reasons people quit: 1. Low Balling Pay 2. Bad Treatment  3. in-office compared to remote or hybrid  4. None Loyal Employers
Why were there no minimum wage workers interviewed? Not even one employee of the bosses interviewed? The great resignation is happening at the blue collar level as well, their voices deserve to be heard too.
Ppp now just don't put up with it anymore OR they don't make them as tough as they used to. Older generation people just went to work regardless of circumstances.  I'm on both sides of this spectrum.
@60Minutes maybe interview one person that quit in "the big quit"? Ask them why they did it, instead of a bunch of business owners.
Let's start with 40 years of stagnant wages for the average person. Companies have been trying to do more with less for decades and they put the added pressure on the employees that are still left, That game is over folks. The answer is common decency and respect  If employers want some they need to show some.
The business owners fired a bunch of people at the end of 2019 and beginning of 2022 we aren't slaves they don't want to keep employees they want to use and abuse and not pay them
Walmart fired half their employees that's what happened
The people are going to take our country back that what's going to happen we sick of croput liers cheaters discussing narisssstst cult leaders
Because we are sick of being slaves and them signs their not hiring it's B's their isn't enough jobs
Europe here. Almost everybody I talk to, no matter their job, if they are employed anywhere, they are always, chronically understaffed, working in over-drive, listening to the promises of the HR managers. This just keeps going on for years. But when the new people figure it out, they leave, new ones come in, figure it out and leave. All destroying their health withball the stress.. No wonder so many people are burned out.
LAZY
Garbage wages and treatment??????
How about food processing and grain milling jobs? Food processing jobs tend to be lower paying positions that cater to immigrants, and firms tend to have a “workers are disposable goods” mentality. Grain and cereal milling jobs tend to be higher paying, but require employees to work seven days per week and often 12-hours per day. They can also be mentally, physically, and emotionally demanding. Either job type can be dangerous!
All of the mandates certainly aren't helping.  Most of the people that I know that left or got fired where due to stupid restrictions and mandates.
America used to be the manufacturing mecca of the world.  Not anymore,  Most of the jobs now are in the  manual labor and service sectors.
All the floor moppers and hamburger flippers angry they aren't getting $25 an hour.
The diversity in this video is incredibly lacking.
I just interviewed at Amazon. They wanted me to disclose my stock holdings and when they saw I had a competitor's stock they demanded I sell it or they would not give me the job. I gave them the Pelosi answer " it is a free market" and told them where they could put their job.
As someone who comes from the minimum wage world their entire life, the motto I grew up with of “just be thankful you have a job” is no longer valid. Now I want to work how I want to work. Being your own boss is the only way to go now. Where I live it’s all low-end jobs like retail, factory, or shady office positions. Why go back to that? That’s no way to live. You have to do for yourself and make a way to do what makes you happy.
I've been stuck in an over saturated industry for years, it's industrial radiography, but I'm sure not many people know about it. The past 3 years I made less money every year. I literally went from 90k to 120k a year from 2010 to 2017, and I made 55k in 2021. 55k a year for a job that I'm picking up alot of radiation,  climbing scaffolds and working in dangerous areas,  and dealing with other companies who are all trying to pinch pennies and want you to do an unrealistic amount of work for the minimum amount of time. On top of that we get hair follicle drug test that go back 6 months, not only they tell you what you aren't allowed to put in your body, now they want to tell you what you have to put in it, like the vaccine.   I could deal with alot of bs when I was making 100k a year, but thats just ridiculous to deal with for 50k... its just not worth it anymore.
Cobgrads Folks you are waking Up!!... Do for self and the Community. Build your own Business.
lol FJB  like we are going to give that  election thief  a good economy
They act as if the mandatory 'vaccine' requirements at some companies have nothing to do with this. Just another deceptive news piece that doesn't address the heart of the issue and it's dishonest.
Again, you are ignoring the  vaccine mandates and their negative effects
13 minutes about a topic that can be put in one sentence, this is an art of some kind. Unemployment benefits are higher than paycheck. Solution - stop giving our tax money to unemployed by choice. I would add - revise Medicaid, persecute those who abused government help with real prison time. Stop all section 8, food stamps, discriminatory affirmative action laws, etc. Message to government - stop rewording laziness.
Absolutely disgusting the wording in this is dog crap but makes it sound legit. It's not that workers are finicky oh I don't want to work. it's I don't want to be treated with less respect than an amoeba while being paid less than a rat in a cage that gets a treat when they ring a bell, while the higher ups pay themselves enough to buy their 3rd yacht.
US worst employers in developed world , holidays , hours , sick pay etc.
The real problem is ppl are fleeing the mandated j*bs in lockdown  cities...that's  the real truth!
If you have a construction business and have been doubling your profits every single year,  and now all of sudden your jobs are at a standstill, maybe instead of doubling your bank account you could have taken care of your employee's a little better.
Low hours,pay and no insurance. Plus stupid work hours
You know why you can't see the dislikes anymore?? Because every time Joe Biden would talks, he would have millions of dislikes to a few hundred likes. And to anyone doubting this fact, if you liked or disliked any of his videos on YouTube, you would have seen the numbers before they removed them.
Cause they don’t pay enough lol. At least $14 an hour in Oklahoma would be nice but nah we getting $7.25 out here
Reality - Business owners LOVE not being " able " to find help. They have the employees that stayed just do the work of two or three people and reap the rewards with an excuse they can't find help. Hospitals are short staffed and loving it reaping all the extra profits. Restaurants that do delivery say they can't have people dining in because they can't find help but yet don't even have a help wanted sign up. They're are capitalizing on the delivery so much that they don't want dining in any more. Only morons trying to stay alive with dining in are getting hurt. Oh the other thing that isn't being talked about except in the comment section is the jobs are getting filled because they're obviously awful and not worth it. But " they're are offering bonus up to ...." well notice how they say " up to " they're are just trying to get u hired with lies to use you.
Because they are taking advantage of the government,  they feel entitled to make more money than they deserve and this new Gen. is just flat out lazy. Example, if you think you deserve $15.00 an hour to flip burgers or serve coffee your a dumba## as well as lazy.
The jobs that are now remote have always been remote. Employers just never made it an option.   Also, these mandates are causing people to quit or be fired. You can’t forget about that part.
Mandates, mandates, mandates.
Picture of oppression in America.
Who is John Galt?
Why is everyone black? There's no white people?  Great "Diversity" being represented.
Because  of unemployment  and other Government  benefits. More incentives. Then when it was exhausted,  the employees demands what is best for them. Im 44 years old . I never stopped  working since I was 16.
5:20 - 5:29  Yeaaaah, I call straight up BS. Half the Country pulled the plug on extended unemployment benefits back in Summer of last year and it ended for everyone a couple months later, and nobody's gotten ANYTHING beyond a third stimulus check since Spring.
My rent went from $1200 to $1600. Good luck making that monthly payment. Their minimum wage workers can't live there anymore. They left (best case).
Yes we are looking but, we need a better pay jobs, and for maybe if we have a actual paper application will we more helpful for people who are not computer savvy like me. I am looking for a second job right now to keep up with the inflation.
A COUPLE OF THINGS: First of all, the restaurant owner says he doesn't think the fact that people have been receiving government assistance explains why they're not returning to work. This flies in the face of both logic and human nature. Of course there are motivated people who are not content to live off the government - and they'll always be looking for greener pastures - but are they the majority? Not if the data is correct. Secondly, it is reasonable to assume that a very large percentage, if not a majority, of those currently withholding themselves from the work force will return to work when the benefits stop coming in, but the monthly bills don't.
So what this accomplished is letting me know that linkdin has a lot of data on us and stronger feeling that this was a "worxbee" advertisement...
It's the "vaccine mandate" for me 🖕
It’s about time, employees are calling the shot’s!
They are leaving their jobs because Harry told them to
'Masters' can not exist if they don't have Slaves
lol the jab
One of the biggest reasons why there are so many jobs is because of the new generation of workers who feel entitled and believe everything should be handed to them. At my company, all employees under the age of 21 quit without notice. My company is not a chain or a franchise and we have some really great core values. Parents, teach your kids to work...
The plandemic didn’t shut the country down our government did.
I can tell you why we're quitting droves we're sick and tired of making no money the rich keep getting richer employers do not give a s*** about their employees or sick of just being numbers remember people your employees are the reason yours in business
People are tired of slaving away for nothing.
Let thanks Biden for his great job in his Build Broke Back plan.
Employers who treated their employees poorly, denied raises, promotions, safe work environment, livable wage, enabled discrimination, and unreasonable expectations are now reaping what they sow. Companies who have always treated their employees fairly are not having any problems with this. Of course they blame unemployment. That way the less there is, the more leverage they have. These times exposed all their evil.
lol the reason people are leaving san fran and chicago is because those are liberal waste lands. the problem is the liberals leave take their liberal mindset to places like texas(republican) and they vote democraps. strange.
Do know how hard it is to apply for unemployment and benefits?
I had a nice position at my last job (a major retailer) that I worked my arse for, they go and eliminate my position, I go back to my old position, having to work harder than ever. I got to the point I just gave them my two weeks, bye bye! Now when I go there to shop, they always tell me how much they miss me now. Oh well,  they get no sympathy for me...
Rotton evil power hungry  democrats  want vaccines mandates also there are 75 politicians  making a profit on vaccine stocks. Not just that, vaccines might cause future diseases and side effects which  might make  big pharma more profits. In my opinion
Its a compensation problem 😆
People are sick of being treated like dirt.
Why doesn't 60 minutes talk to the workers and ask them directly why they aren't going back to work? Or accepting subpar paying jobs?
Blame the rotton demacrats  who wants power and dictatorship  and Biden administration  and all politicians  support  the agenda.
I believe many people are tired of working for companies barley making minimum wage with little to no benefits while mid/upper management & executives are paid handsomely with perks & benefits. Plus lower level workers have to pay for daycare which alone cost an arm & an leg on top of the forever rising costs of living/taxes with no rising pay or benefits to go along with it 😡.
Probably because the pay is to high so most can't understand what to do with all the money they make.
This is such an awful and disingenuous report of what is actually going on with the American people and why this is important. Why would you not interview the people that are the ones suffering and affected and instead interview business owners? You could not be more obvious which biased side your hand is in the cookie jar of
Watching the news now is like watching old hitler ww2 clips …. You are amazed at how off the rails they were for believing bull crap and thinking they were they best in the world
You want more workers? Pay us more!!!!!
800k+ people died the last couple years. These employers arent actually offering better pay. Wtf are you confused about.
I'm tired. I can't take it. I need to be rotated out. I need 3 months of isolation just to get my head back together. The crisis knocked whatever I had out.
The last child tax stimulus is just an advance on your child tax credit which you wont get back after taxes now.
I quite being a nurses aide at nursing homes. The pay is terrible, I can make the same at McDonald’s. I get more and more people on my patient list, with no bump in pay. given almost zero supplies like masks, bed pads, disposable underwear, gloves. I get beat up by patients who are a 2 assist because I had to give care alone and that patient beat the absolute crap out of me, I was the only aide on the unit again with 30 patients. I do private home care now where I take care of ONE person and I’m given everything I need for my job.
I can't find any construction work in socal, I have to work at chuck e cheese for the time being.
Girls are the highest numbers? Yeah because of only fans ...I think people are over it but I still think we need working people without them we cannot build our world kids stop being lazy
Lose half the work force and see how that goes. Fire people for not violating the Nuremberg Code. Let's see how long that lasts before swampy politicians get voted out, even by dead people.
How can a person sustain themselves with a $0 income?
I realized working for myself was a better and happier option. “Mandating” health choices is a big no-no, women have been historically instructed what to do and not to do with their bodies. I stop that with me.
It’s because employers aren’t offering good enough starting wages. Nobody is offering sign on bonuses. My two employers didn’t give me sign on bonuses. Not one penny.
for to long bosses have treated worker as they wanted without respecting them  i had bosses not care when check got messsed up , or they ask me to stay over for 15 minutes to help train the third shift but on payday they cancel the over time, or they demand show up for shift meeting 10 early every day without being paying me, and they told shifts that every week half a shift would either stay over for 4 hours or come in 4 hour early and they drop it without know if they could.
Starting and running my own business has been far better than working for another company! Hated being on a job working for other people 🎊
Nothing is free.
I’m a employer. When ppl come in late day after day. I quit on them. I want fair treatment too.
They want free money. Simple.
" Better pay "  ... lol.  So , you can go work for some rich scumbag for 1990's  economy level wages instead of 1970's level wages !  Why won't anyone choose to be raped economically slightly less harshly ? Working people will find a way because survival is what we've done for our entire lives. Rich scumbags who think they will continue to squeeze We The People harder and harder have a hard lesson to learn.
People are 😷 sick and tired of wearing the 🎭 mask it's making people sick mentally and physically. They don't want the pandemic vaccine to be mandatory to work.
You don't think being forced to get the Biden jab has anything to do with it? So much for his BBB plan. Hahahahaha!
Life is short, and people's time and labor are criminally undervalued in this country despite being the primary engine that makes the economy move.  The elites who have been for generations engorging themselves at higher and higher rates are to blame, not the workers.
I'm a 32 year old single sigma male with no kids who has been unemployed for over a year. I live a very minimalistic lifestyle, and  I keep my bills low af. I guess now that the 🐑 are quitting I now have to get a job. Checkmate
Who is offering benefits? Have you ever worked in the service industry? People suck!
Vax card mandate that's why
Ya, a single person, over 25...should be able to live off of one job ! For there basic living conditions ! And 80 % can't..they work two jobs....and still don't make .rent....government fault !
Because people are tired of capitalism and the fact this system expects people to destroy their mental health or body or even both to benifit them. I think people just want morality which is far from what the government will ever willingly offer.
“But who can explain why this is happening?”  Why not start by asking the people resigning?
If you get paid more to sit home, and watch cable, rather than have to go work, most will the the sit at home. This goes back to the WH and their give everything away, with no regard as to how it will be paid for.
They need to give Caribbean people visa and job opportunities there’s a lot of us in Jamaica willing to work but no visa smh and plus we have no work here
I applied to 64 jobs over a week. I heard back from 4.
Home care nurse here. At 62, I'm just working a little private pay job. Alot of nasty people to work for & around. Guess I've had my fill at this age.
If workers from some companies had been given a mandate of a certain item there might not have been as many people quitting. This goes directly back to the WH house and their cronies.
Leave your toxic job always
So much for immigrants taking their jobs. They have so much work now they don't want it. Smh.
Open up to foreign students in universities to work off campus and contract foreign workers and within weeks jobs would be filled
BIDENS  VACCINE MANDATES AND AUTHORITARIANISM
It's more than they are covering here. Between about 800k deaths, and about 1.5m people permanently disabled by Covid, and people who were close enough to retirement to go ahead and do it, we've *permanently* lost about 6% of the total US workforce. Permanently. It's not coming back. And that was with a lot more mask mandates, more work from home situations than we have now. With people being forced back into office work, with the CDC having been bullied into reducing the stay at home time for Covid cases to 5 days (well below the infectious period), and the much higher infection rate of Omicron, we're headed to a much higher % than that. Within 2 more years, we're likely to be at 20% permanent loss of the workforce. It's not going back, ever. It can't.
Low pay n mandates make ah mfer quit real quit.
Women need affordable daycare! But the GOP, of course, wants them to strap that kid on their back and go to work!
Lots of "QUEST CARDS" just apply, get approve & wait for it every 1st of the month. Why work, buy the goods with the card, exchange for money or even drugs. It's that simple!
Well said
I want to go on the record about what's going to be learned when the James Webb Space Telescope starts looking back into the early universe. It is going to see galaxies; the universe became a Galaxy creating machine. The first thing that happened after the the big bang (the big split-up), was one huge spiral galaxy got created in between two sides pushing full blast against each other (we should all know because we all had to choose sides back then. We all (all the beings in the universe) knew what was  happening; we were all there; we are all eternal; where else would we all have been with our Awareness & Consciousness, we had no form.) creating that first large galaxy. The tremendous stress blew both sides into countless pieces, each piece pushing on those next to it creating more (much smaller) spiral and elliptical galaxies and other dark matter. The progenitors that created all this are now called quasars. Most quasars pushed each other to the edge of the universe. From there they control both parts of the universe, the physical and the light; also they are responsible for gravity in the physical and the speed of light, radio waves and electricity. Some quasars stalled and remained in the physical universe. The JWST will allow us to understand what happened back then. We all can see, as well, that we were always a part of whatever the universe is involved with…
Most low-wage jobs in England are either fixed-term contracts, on-call or gig economy based.
We're sick of being ants. Doesn't mean we want to be guinea pigs
Look up average wages for various jobs and then the cost of housing. It is a struggle and then management wants to treat workers like crap! It's time for major changes!
60 minutes has no answers. They are a product of the establishment and thus shills for the elites.
A lot of businesses just deserve to go under.
Coused becouse people are tired of being treated like mear slaves under payed over worked and 0 money left at the end of the month . Their take home won't take them home .
I'll tell you why they are leaving California because they are batshit crazy in California.
This is all Bernies fault. Let's go Bernie!!!😆👍 Vote progressive! We ARE the future! USA 🇺🇸
*How this video/report fails:* *Someone needs to ask at least 3 MILLION (fair sample size) people who were formerly employed for no less than 2 years before pandemic but have now been unemployed for no less than 1 year since pandemic HOW AND why they have been able to remain unemployed & then investigate the validity of their claim. ONLY then will we really know why so many people have not returned to work.*
People need to realize, people have power, power to the people.
True but people are also firing employees and reporting it differently 🙄
Nobody is going to mention the vaccine requirement by many employers? Really?
Why would anyone want to work when the government has decided to pay them to stay home.
Its because you are all bums and want things for free, get a job and get a life you losers, I'm self employed so I can sit back and laugh at you losers!
People dont wanna work because the time off made us realize, we spent to much time at work then we do with our family, and pay is trash! Give us more money less hours.
Vax mandates?
🤣🤣 OOooohhh, the lies!  Those companies aren't offering much more than what they were before! An in most of these places Texas (some areas),  Florida, California and etc... Are only looking for latino workers!   It's all a trick! How about offering your employees respect, loyalty and love!
Don't worry after omicron they made sorting new they want destroy economy to the ground. All experience people's gone by replacing by lazy slow w fogy brains agresyw attitude. Good luck to all
Say you are a billionaire's shill of a channel without saying you are a billionaire's shill.
Quit your job can’t pay your mortgage wind up homeless on the streets
So how are these people surviving if they're quitting work? Are they just quitting one job to take another? I work at home on our farm but its gotten so hard because the websites we usually advertise our livestock on are now banning selling animals and removing my ads.
This covid crap needs to leave people are scared to go outside and be around people. I have family members that hasn't left home since 2020 this is bull
Lol, it is not a "worker problem." It's a "I won't pay my employees a livable wage" problem. And you get what you give...
This show has no idea of the truth!
Who wants to work for a communist regime!!!
I can’t believe the comments. Every snowflake in the country has admitted they are pathetic and lazy. Work is supposed to be hard kids.
For construction jobs a good skills training program ( apprenticeships) would attract people plus in the long term lead to higher skilled workers. High skilled competent workers do better quality work also. US had that after WW II. All that was eliminated in the early 80’s for higher profits.
flexibility is a shady word . i guess its matter how use it or how its said with attitude .. ? l.o.l .. i currently left my position . Am looking p.t. because i do feel burnt out , and workload was too heavy , an wage compensation was not enough .. considering work exp. and performance.
If I make $10 an hour and you print four dollars worth of currency in one year I now make six dollars an hour. Why would I work for something that is worth almost nothing and able to be stolen at the whim of a politician?
Are they gonna mention Joey holz who applied to 60 entry-level jobs and got 1 call back ? Or the job postings that offer less compensation and fewer hours than advertised ? Or the stagnated wages in the construction industry ? I made $30+ an hour in 2004, now I'm finally back up to $26. All this gaslighting and victim blaming only serves the interests of the corporations.
It is coercion, mandates, disrespectful attitude of employers
This is good
Wyf yku think would happen with forced vaccinations.??.workforce Evacuation's stop sugar coating everything.  Clear as day. Biden did this 👏Hello
If there's that many people quiting, why don't they hire me then???
hire felons
People are fed up with being treated like robots for rubbish money by employers who don’t really care about their workforce, especially when they are sick or need to flex their hours to look after children or older parents.
Millenial here don’t need to work because primarily, my 403 pension sky rocketed when i shifted 80% of my bond funds to high and medium risk funds in april of 2020.  Still so far away from retirement but have 2 rentals and my parents want me to move back in rent free.  I will quit If my boss looks at me the wrong way… its so nice to be in this position.
You doubled your revenue, did you increase  salary's?
Trump's fault.
Fake news agency.
Simple. There's more to life than constant work work work.
Try putting Dr faulchl In jail gain off function destroyed America and he must pay
I rather go into business for myself, but then the customer become your boss. Lol
The ignorance is astounding.  NOBODY is born to solely work. We work to make earn a living. Employers do not OWN their employees. By thinking so, you are basically saying your employees are your endentured servants, rather than free persons whom CHOOSE to fill a position in your company.
People we're "living to work." People have been forced into slavery because of the greedy corporations not paying enough to keep up with inflation
They're not choosing to quit!  They're choosing to not get the experimental vaccine so they've been fired!
hmm, guy buys house, puts in airbnb as a side hustle.  He pockets $5k per month now.  He has an employer that tells him that he should do better than expected so he can get a 2% raise.  Not only that, but the employer comes up with the great idea of cutting contribution to his medical benefits and 401k.  And the state is an at-will state so the employer can boot you anytime if he/she pleases.  Guy wants to spend time with his family so he quits.  Decides to live off his airbnb and get contract gigs.  He does just as good or better at times than before, but with some differences:  He doesn't have to take abuse from his employer and he spends time with his family.  Meanwhile employer complains that employees are lazy and the government is providing too much help.  See the problem.  Until employers don't address the problem, it will continue.
My 15 year old got a job making 12.25 starting pay! He loves it and I pray the top dollar don’t ruin him at early age but heck I’m proud of him! I’ve taught working is part of life. Don’t quit one job until your next job lined up! But WORK!! Something is better than nothing and most our life’s we will have to do job we don’t much like but dang get out there and work!
Karin already got it F'd up. People are NOT living to work. People are working to LIVE! When this economy crashes..... Those who gave up their jobs are gonna look like Booboo The Fool.
Want workers? Provide full-time hours, benefits, pension plans, company not temp agency jobs.
So, let's talk about the Blue Elephant in the room.  Where's "The Mandate" in this piece?
because capitalism only works for the 1%
the missing workers are dead... The numbers are wrong millions of jobs are missing people... HOW? People exhausted any government funds recieved. Covid has taken out many more people than we have been told... And the results are visible...
People are NOT going to return to work as long as the government provides them the means to survive without it.  Cut the cord and people will return to work.   People “left” their jobs because their places of employment were closed due to the “slow the spread” nonsense.  Then their jobs went belly up.  Others left because of mandates.   Others left because they were scared to go to work because of this administrations scare tactics broadcast by the media.   Wake up, America!
Not one mention of COVID (worker safety for the amount of pay) or the Vax (scared to get it, mandates, etc.) those are huge elephants in the room 60 Minutes cmon now. Pay has been low for decades, it’s not just that. Cost of living increases and inflation is also due to COVID.   This has nothing to do with what that lady is talking about.
how can u work so much and not enjoy your self time family time
The simplest answer is usually the right one. People arent willing to put up with what they used to now. Why would you, when so many places are hiring? Don't like the people you work? Don't like that your company doesnt value your experience? Don't like that your yearly raise is 10 cents and hour? Quit, find a job for 50 cents an hour more, and you just excelled 5 years.
Easy.    PAY UP !!!      Way to get the perspective from owners 🙄
Hopefully this is the beginning of American workers getting actual rights seriously how American employers treat their employees in the US is disgusting
Horrible journalism!!
..”that they’re (workers)  just aren’t out there”  That’s rubbish! If you PAY, then the PEOPLE will come!
ai here to take your job!
The major cause is tyrannical vaccine mandates.. Just say that .
The problem in retail and hospitality is that the owners and upper management is over paid while the average workers making minimum wages. A lot of people are quieting their jobs for unemployment and entrepreneurship. It just doesn’t worth it they said.
Many of the older folk talk about how hard life was for them. I get things weren't as good back then. But America has not caught up in terms of money currently. No one car afford to stay alive unless they have a very high paying job or have two jobs. And this is without even getting into the bonkers end up expansive healthcare.  More couples are moving back in with their parents. Or just avoiding marriage all together to save money since you are penalized for being married essentially. You live to work here. Meanwhile most CEOs and higher-ups wipe their butts with $1,000 bills and have no idea that their workers can't afford life.
They had their day in the sun to get over like fat rats for the longest and now for the first time is it employees market meaning they don’t have to sit here and be abuse wage wise they know that these places could afford to give their employees a livable wage but refuse to do it so suffer the consequences nobody’s gonna work for peanuts anymore people got family and others to take care of and it’s a new day. For example I’m g’on  to a couple of these  fast food joints and the managers are nasty they’re bitter because they don’t have workers but don’t blame the workers take it to the top not the bottom.
They've been fired, not quit. For not getting the jab.
Because of the biden Administration  handing out free cash. Tax payer cash
Headline: "Why are workers quitting?"  Content: "We do not know any workers, so we cannot ask them why, but we will ask the people who feel entitled to cheap labor why the world is so cruel to them!"
Some people are just plain lazy, but gen z are the most complaining. As a foreign born US citizen born in Mexico , I see Americans take for granted what this great country has to offer when it comes to education and career offers; I am just plained shocked
It the damn shot end of story
The border crosses will be glad to take these jobs and be happy to have them. Then all these Americans will be out of luck. No jobs for them.
Stop omitting the true nature of it. Me and every single person I know personally quit our jobs, or got fired because of FORCED MANDATES. !!!!!
Nobody wants to work when the future is so dim under your globalist socialist regime,an company's like 60 minutes is a huge part of it now
how is segregation affecting blacks we asked 9 white dudes here are their responses
You cant be serious😂😂😂 what stimulus? Do they really think those 3 small stimulus checks helped people keep their homes, food, cars, bills? This interview is pointless.
Psh. All they had to do was go to antiwork on Reddit to see why people are quitting. This countries people who arne't rich just can't afford things anymore. And CEOs don't care about the workers.
Workers revolution
Good, no more slavery, working to please a boss for next to nothing, move away, grow your own, live small and stay well.
Here what the experts failed to understand; Here  my theory: You have 10 millions of workers who used to work 2 jobs before the pandemic started, who stopped doing it and are today working only one job. You have 10 millions workers who stopped working in 20 million jobs and are working today full time only in 10 million jobs and this is why you have missing 10 million jobs. the worker who used to work 30 hours with macdonald and 30 hours with Burger King are working 60 hours at only one warehouse for more money and benefits. You can call it's the end of working two jobs. I'm just amazed that your phd experts couldn't explain this crisis!!!
Pay a fair wage if you want more employees
Why can’t they get a young female to do these??? She mates then so damn boring
Crap wages lady...try to survive on 15$ an hour..u can't afford rent won't 15$ an hour
Rubbish. Invest your own money to build a business from up the ground floor, then you have a point.  The market sets the standard. Eventually all of this will come back to something more sensible.  After you have cleared out the bank account, you will return to the workplace and do what is told.  Working at home is inefficient in most cases and starkly interferes with company loyalty and intra-office communication.  America is doomed - this is not a positive step, but yet another case where there is the unsustainable attitude that American's own the world as like post-WWII.  The world has caught up. Sitting in your PJs working half-speed at home with a dog in the background is a cancer.  The best employers will apply chemo to eliminate the cancer.
Most employee's don't know how good they have it in this country. Go spend some time time in other countries and you will see how good we have it in the USA. We have the freedom to live where we want and work where we choose. All these illegals coming across the border will out work 90% of americans and don't think they won't take a lot of these jobs away from citizen's. Even without a education employers will see they will work harder for less and they educate and train them. So better get what you want now cause it will be to late before long.
My job can’t pay me more I’m barely making it. No health insurance or 401k. I got another job paying 20h with benefits. Yeah I’m putting in my one week notice today!
Doesn't Help when people are getting Sacked from there jobs for not taking a Experimental Drugs  Jab or handling in their resignation
Notice Youtube isn't showing the dislikes.
Socialist governments equality you will all be poor and happy the great leap backwards don't worry Brandon will look after you  !
Wow- One in seven jobs are now remote today! Remote sounds ideal. 🙂👍🏻
It's the mandates
Anyone working a full time job should be entitled to financial comfortability.
Employees are tired of being exploited through low pay and less than adequate benefits.
city like seattle is very expensive to live in $2,000 for just one bedroom
The employee is in the driver's seat? Employers are STILL offering jobs at $21/hr., then at first interview find a reason to drop it to $18. And if you get to a third interview, they tell you $14/hr. for a "six month probation period", which they can extend at any time for any reason. That tells me just how bad they need workers.🙄
HHHMMMMM, JEE, I WONDER
What a stupid question, because salaries are too low
Don't quit your job because the vaccine, make them fire you because it's illegal.  Never be forced into anything especially medical experimentation.
POC 60Mins?
This is the first time that I've seen 60 Minutes in 50 years.
These jobs are trying to nickel and dime. They want your life like you belong to them like a gang or association. Work all day no time to enjoy your family or whatever you would like to do. You have media outlets to make money now. These jobs need to be more flexible with people time.
How nice to be able to walk away and "take a break". But who can afford to do so?? So if Americans no longer want to work, then labor needs to be imported.
OK 60 Minutes, let's try this again. How about you actually talk to workers and not talk to bosses off of LinkedIn.
Because it has gotten so far beyond stupidity that starvation is an option. You can't endlessly contradict reason and expect reason to respond.
It is getting more and more futile to trade time (which is going UP in value) for money (which is rapidly going DOWN in value).
it's really simple, not paying people enough .
In California too much of my tax money goes to people who don't work so why work
Because Biden has dementia and the Democrat policies are DESTROYING AMERICA !
Let’s go Brandon
There is so much USD money printed and they mostly sit in the bank accounts of the very few rich, so it's normal that workers start to demand their share of the money. This is how the workforce has to adapt to money being printed. Congratulations to those workers that are asking for more.
Because employers have gotten to far up our butts with no benefits!!! Or pay and crap hours along with the crap coworkers with a bad attitude!! They expect to much for not much in return!! If you have a cell phone they think they can call whenever no and no!  I worked 28 years same nursing home permanently laid off they don’t care! My arm is ruined from lifting they don’t care no money from anywhere either or a Dr. Michigan is a freaking joke! #WEDONOTCONSENT pray prepare.
It's not the benefits.
People making 💰 on others back. Then the rich pays no or little taxes. I don't have time to take a break or half hour walk while at work.
People are sick of being used and thrown away when there done
Covid mandates are the only things keeping me out of the workforce 🤷🏻
Its fear .
We just want livable wage’s!
Eat sh*t 60 minutes.
I guys are horrible people for making a 60min like this
This is something the liberals are pushing, that job satisfaction is paramount to income.  One of my colleagues, who nets $400 per day, is thinking about walking away from his job.  Is he crazy?
Rare for 60 mins to be so out of touch why have they decided to rename The great resignation to the big quit? No ones calling it the big quit.
Hmmm...nothing about WHY people moving to florida or texas...strange
No mention of the absurd mandates.
I resigned from my job in March of 2020.  Just refused to be bossed and picked on in my own home by my employer.  They demanded I produced more work while taking care of a 2yr old and new born while daycares we're shut down. Workers have been taken advantage of for too long and living in misery to the corporate game.  I've been running my own business since and will never work for anyone ever again.  I no longer suffer with anxiety and depression which is literally life saving. I am a better father and husband because of it.  This peace would be worth it even if I could not replace my income, but I have tripled my income in the process.  I am so blessed and I hope all workers find their peace in the work force.  Sacrificing who you are and your principals are not worth it for a dollar.
EVERYONE QUIT BC UNEMPLOYMENT PAID MORE.
My take on under paid and over worked..I've had jobs that pay the minimum that over work you..I've worked jobs that pay more, work less, respect you, and acknowledge your work..Let me tell the youth something..They need a good hard under payed job to realize in the future to appreciate when you land a good job..I found people that started in a good job tend to call out often, complain, take advantage of their job..They never learned how to appreciate how good they have it..I truly believe people need to experience a dishwasher job, not only will you appreciate your next job but you will automatically wash your own dishes at home..It goes along way at the end..Either way it makes you a harder worker..The people that start at the top tend to be more lazy and less productive..Again my take..
Somebody should show this video to those out of touch politicians in Washington who think cutting benefits and entitlements will force people to work.
You do a lot of overtime and don't see it in your check until four weeks later. When they decide to put it in all at one time uncle Sam have a good time with your check.
Slaves to the plantation owners, rich from money printing for the new plantations......banks.
There are many mother's who've never gone back to work or quit a job because their children's health is compromised! The money the mom makes paid for child care! So why go back to work? Some jobs have just disappeared went out of business! What if your children get sick at a daycare center? No one knows who's been vaccinated! There is no vaccine for younger children yet! Some people are not equipped to do some jobs! Or maybe you need to go back to school? Single parents can get grants from the government to go back to college!
https://youtu.be/RMG9uaTvWsY
https://youtu.be/Bp92hivPKkI
Socialist sanders voters
Bernie sanders is to blame
Slackers are winning
The government doesn’t want to acknowledge that regular people not scammers hit for decent amount once they figured out what it was about it felt like they were giving money away and to top it off you didn’t even have to rent
I'm just waiting for the damn covid mandates to end. I can't do masks and I won't get vaccinated.
Why people keep watching MSM? Never gonna learn I guess.
Gas price = no.
If people didn’t have money then they wouldn’t eat
People are not going to risk getting Covid-19 at the job for 12$ hr when other jobs pay at list 20$hr
Nobody talks about ppp loans and edd scamming and how most people at least hit for 60k and if over your lifetime you saved 60k your up 120k and a lot of people hit for 160k and above if you do the math you can live off that at least for 2 years no body wants to talk about that
Pay us more and we will come back
Funny how they showed the  residents in Democrat controlled cities (San Francisco and Chicago) states are relocating to Republican controlled cities and states.
Yea to 60 minutes for for totally missing the mark.  Another example of non-journalism.  Maybe interview a worker who made the choice to them that toxic job.
What an embarrasing display of bad journalism. Not a single interview with someone relevant to the story.
How bout they cant go to work if they dont comply with the civid shot. employers breaking Hippa laws and people sick of it...and if u dont comply govt will give u a hard time at work u end up quitting...Govt is doing this on purpose..they know people are loosing work part of the plan..
12:00  ... I hope that this lady teaching English, speaks far slower and a LOT more clearly during her classes. 🙏
Employers rarely pay you enough, to wake at a certain time,  travel to work for no pay and you pay travel costs, to perform exactly as they want, and for you to handle it ALL emotionally. To then repeat the same, day in and day out .... - nope, employers have never paid enough.
How can you do a whole piece about workers and employment and only interview 1 ACTUAL employee/worker? I’ve literally seen more thoughtful pieces on this subject done on TikTok 😕
The idea that you need a Job in order to make a living is a scam and people are starting to realize that.
People dont have to tolerate abuse when you put your foot down you are made to feel guilt as though you are being a diva or a male version totally. unreasonable  you must stand your ground at times as difficult as it is
I found the solution to the labor shortage! https://youtu.be/jVkLVRt6c1U?t=124
Look at her crazy good creditionals for that okay job. Black ppl have to be 2x as good to get half as much isn’t just a saying
"we doubled our profits this year" ....'we chose to pocket the money rather than pay and recruit talent'...
“Workers are in the drivers seat,” they’re fighting for it
Pay us better and kick out customers that are a danger to employees, then we will talk.  The fact that I am working in a job that doesn't pay me enough to pay rent and groceries, all while a customer cuses me  out for not bending the rules for them that can get me fired... you aren't paying me enough for my loyalty.
The democrats are giving out so much for unemployment child credits and welfare.. why work?
Most employment now:  We want slaves Not paid slaves like the Greeks who get to earn their freedom and citizenship  Just slaves Chained to a wall
Guy with MULTIPLE restaurants honestly thinks that there aren't enough ppl out there to fill these positions. what is his day to day like?
Employees  end up being Mistreated only if they fail to go by the orders of the employer making it feel like wanting to quit.#Respect to both parties
I walk away from my company too 20 yrs but I'm not going to die for any company
The last thing you want is working with alot of people especially with these virus
Nobody is living off of 3 stimulus checks lol that’s absurd
im not even american but i come here just to dislike the video
The talent recruiters are still playing with candidates up for hire. They still think it's a game until the recruiter no longer has a job.
5:48 literally the fact that people work to make a living, not to have a ~hobby~ . 'workers' want to be treated like workers ARE treated in places like the EU a.k.a. human beings with wants and needs.
Horrible reporting. Journalism is dead. You mean to tell me 60 minutes could not find more individuals who actually moved to interview? The 2 individuals who were constantly appearing were speculating.(we think) is usually (I dont know) in real science.  Bottom line people are relocating coz of high taxes and low pay. The pandemic shutdown gave people time time analyze their life choices ( I think). I am one of them. I don't mean to make this political but when one party fights to increase minimum wage, lets support them.
You all missed the point on this. It’s an employer problem NOT an employee problem. Talk about the toxic work environments we have to deal with, as well as low pay and no respect.
Hmmm....wonder what was the reason people might not want to meet a certain criteria. Cant put my finger on the venom, l mean the problem. Well l guess it'll continue to be a mystery 👀
Lmao 😂 you're replacements are coming in from the border and at cheaper costs I worked in the 90s and early 2000s I would hire hard working cheaper immigrants three workers for the price of one big companies told us too  you're not getting that pay cost of living is to high
cut the unemployment benefits ,Taxes and welfare.
Use me as a dislike button
Jobs that don't pay a wage that a full-time employee can even bare minimum survive on. Really, paycheck to paycheck living is just being in the process of not making ends meet a little bit more with time...it's a vulnerable, stressful, anxiety inducing way to live-and to give 40 plus hours a week to live it...really has only gone on this long due to fear, immigrant workers, and the people's loss of what the country was built on; the faith in our system that hard work is valuable, and the knowledge we deserve lives that arent scary due to our economic policies. Trickle down economics, union busting, Reagan, all told 98%of us we are only worth what the top 2% is willing to give us. If there was ever cause for revolution...this was/is it. Instead, morons throw away our democracy because a silver spoon child, told them he was more important...wtf have we become as Americans? How stupid can people be?
I retired because I had enough money to.
Another result nasty self righteous of society …. Everyone gets a trophy … an entire society who thinks they deserve more more more and better for doing minimal ….  … smart mouths who know it all and now we will end up worse off …. YOU DIDNT BUILD THE COMPANY AND CANT BE PAID MANAGER OR CEO WAGES AFTER 6 MONTHS IF EVER SO GO BUILD YOUR BUSINESS
Increasing your pay will increase the price of everything
have to laugh...ol 60 minutes shows a unemployment check with donald trumps name on it instead of...lets go brandon...
This is the final death knell of currency failing. The currency is no longer worth working for... I mean if you have to work 2-3 jobs just to cover your bills it's not sustainable.  On top of it, with daycares closing mom's have to choose to stay home.
If employers can't /won't exceed the minimum wage requirement then there is no reason to work for those employers. Even if the minimum wage was raised to a $100 /hr  you still wouldn't be able to afford a 1 bedroom apartment at market rate let alone a mortgage on a house. Minimum wage is designed to prevent you from fully participating in the market.
It could also be a salary problem
Ai will take over job's humans turn down. It's that simple
A lot of those service companies should work with local communities to help provide affordable housing in the area to attract workers. Makes it difficult to fill those vacancies when housing is geared towards family and two earner homes and your workforce is 20-30 yo single workers.
Because 60 minutes and the mainstream media scared the population with their propaganda.
We need to switch to a 4 day work week. But that will take decades to make happen.
Because who wants to work using a mask. It’s makes breathing harder, hurts my chest and even makes working harder
Lol.  There not.  Your firing them because there not vaccinated.  Idiots!
I found the folks spoken too not diverse enough..seems to me that this applies to a certain community only
Baby boomers were born after world War 2 by definition. They were born in the late 1940s the peak group were born in 1949. The definition seems to have changed recently for some odd reason. The point is  we are mostly  in our 70s some younger people are 65years old so we are not retiring early. Stop saying that.   The people  in their 50s are our kids another generation.
It's hard to work when you're dead or permanently damaged, twitching in a corner & having a heart attack.
Hey jew, your sh*t is convincing for what it is.
Dislike 👎
Comparing to high prices for all Employers must pay much more. Everything doubled in prices. That is how paying must follow it. They do not want to work for peanuts. A minimum hourly wage must be 25$ + per hour. Everything doubled during Biden's administration. Go and vote for him again to triple inflation rates and prices for all! This way can only lead to a big bang economic collapse.
People are quitting because they are fed-up of being mistreated. The virus have people re-examining their careers among other things.  Maybe, employers will finally learn to treat their employees with respect and dignity. Money is only one piece of the pie.
😷?
Oh - ok -- so what about those who are 'let go' because of vaccine shot refusal ?  --
Because none of these jobs pay a living wage. Post pandemic, people were already barely getting by, then the world increased expenses by 20%. Why go back and work for free basically
Imagine if they approved that universal income 😅😅😅😅🤣😂 who would flip my burger then?
Poor Segment.  You didn’t even do the work to get a broad range of worker feedback.
Employee here!  This one’s easy. Wages have stayed still while rent has gone up. Food has gone up. Medicine has gone up. Cars have gone up. College has gone up.  But the employees? They’ve been doing fine. It’s high time the social contract be renewed once again.
I have been applying for work since June and nothing. Not even a call or email telling me that the position has been filled. These corporations are full of s#!t. They want workers to take the risk of getting sick while they chill on their yacht.  Unemployment is not the problem. Greed and the bootlickers are the problem.
Because we’re tired of being treated like dirt and “let go” on a whim.
Because they don’t want to get vaxed.  Idiot
Its the NYC Vaccine Mandate for me...Vaccination should be a choice. Not get vaccinated if you wanna work & eat
Jobs don’t pay well and no flexibility
And this is happening at a time when min wage is going up to 15 an HR. It's because people are spoiled and lazy. At a time when people are disobeying God's Word, they just add the command to (Work and provide for your own) to the list.
Wow what a plug for another social site.  Never got a job on this site. The restaurant business is such a farce.  I live in south Carolina in the Greenville surrounding area. These companies factories treat people really bad and they only hire family and friends and friends of friends not people from out of state only locals.
*because the govt is handing out free money. Then you wonder why people aren't working. LOL
0 mention that millions of boomers retired early, and created a world where we can’t afford kids, housing or education.  Maybe interview more than 1 worker, and have that worker NOT BE AN EMPLOYEE OF ANOTHER INTERVIEWEE.
Let's Go Brandon!
yep, about time we employees need to be picky. I hear time after time, people tell me just to take anything, and it's better than nothing.  But It usually doesn't work out because you still be unhappy and end up quitting
The big awakening happens ! 😂
It's called the 'GREAT' resignation, not the 'BIG' quit. It's great to resign from this hellhole world that was created for us. Workers have all the power, we just need to unite together. UNITED WE STAND, DIVIDED WE FALL.
This piece would have been a *lot* more trustworthy if they'd  talked to more than one worker about why they're leaving, rather than just a series of employers and managers.
Where I live, someone can't just have a minimum wage job and live on their own, rent/housing is too high. It's no wonder we have a "labor shortage" right now... It's ridiculous someone has to have 2 jobs just to live in the slums.
If a person can quit their job because they've found a better paying job, or one with better benefits then they should definitely do so. However, it is foolish to leave a job that pays the bills when you have no job offers already on the table, if you are the sole bread winner and continued employment is a necessity, not a luxury.
Better question is why are life insurance companies reporting 40% death rates up between ages 18 and 64?
V@ccine mandates are another reason. People don't like being forced.
We need UBI.
0:14 well, you see most employers aren't actually offering better pay or benefits, or signing bonuses. i don't know where you got that idea from, but unfortunately you're wrong.
Investments = New INCOME... Stocks like... AABB..... VSBGF...IQST....GULTU.....ALPP.....FOBIF.....XDSL.
If it's a lot of ppl quiting. How are we still making money maintaining our day to day lives
This “story” must have been written in an allegorical cave. 60 minutes of missing the mark.
Oh my god why...?!  In Iraq alot of youth people try to get Europe just for jobs, because we can't find jobs in Iraq while paying is very low,  and there's no guarantee on your life 😢... And you guys run from jobs 🏃😩
The pandemic has made millions of people realise what is important to them I.e. work life balance, being able to work from home or simply hate the industry they are in!  Employers have a duty to look after their staff otherwise they will have no Business… Wages Are a Huge factor also we need enough money to live on, have a Family, purchase a House. I like in the UK thankfully but truly shocked that some employees in America are paid less than $10 an hour, little to no annual leave, some without healthcare packages outrages really!
Wow, the fact that this comment section answers the question better than the video speaks volumes about the quality of this video
Why wouldn't anyone admit that this is a wage vs. inflation issue.   Also, why would anyone agree to remain in retail or hospitality when there are people working from home?!
Nobody is working but the stock market is rising?  How does that work?
People will regret leaving their jobs after the pandemic is over and prices continue to rise due to exorbitant spending.  People are going to be finding themselves in a position of taking any job, any where, for whatever they can get, because the competition for employees will return, and those who have "dropped out" while others have hung out and rode this wave out will have start all over, once again, at the bottom of the ladder.  These people may think they are living their best life right now, but they are not looking beyond today.  I see tomorrow, and I see workers clawing to get good-paying jobs.  The days of hiring bonuses and increased salaries will soon come to an end.  Also, with illegal aliens coming into the country by the millions, they will be in a prime position to take any job, run with it, and do outstanding work, because they know what it is like to have nothing.  So those people will also be in competition, too.  The "I quit" generation will somehow find the government responsible for the condition they find themselves in, in the future, and will have deep regrets thinking that they held all the cards, which was only a temporary phase.
ITS A WAGE PROBLEM
nobody wants to go to a job they are not passionate about… wtf they expect. about 99.9 % of americans hate they’re jobs . so people walked away 🤷🏻‍♂️
Why in the world would they interview mostly business owners and executives when this issue has nothing to do with them?
This 60 minutes should be on BET.
It’s not unemployment it’s the expecting 16 yr olds to get a job as soon as they can and then excepting them to be loyal when you are making them do the work of 3 people and not paying them worth 3 people also most people I know work 2 jobs but they aren’t working hands on with people so are people really not wanting to work or is it not worth dealing with terrible people on a daily and not making enough to feed yourself at the end
I'm still waiting for them to call me back after 2008, when I was discarded and then disenfranchised from a 25 year I.T. Developer career. Went through a dozen years of homelessness and despair, got indebted up to the eyeballs so I could get Student Financial Aid to survive, got 3 degrees - honors - out of Community College at age 56, a chunk of it while sleeping in a field,  top of my class in Accounting waking under the stars in December 2013, studied C++, refreshed my SQL, had my E-R diagram selected as the class best at the end of the semester 2016, and yet ... five years later at age 60 I have been living in and driving a semi truck! Going to write a book about it one day. 'The Wrath of Grapes', maybe. Smart as a pin, still. Achieved boundless, yet remain in the precariat. Where's my relo offer, apartment move in expenses paid, retraining program, heck I'll even walk in to the office each day for another programming job!  Age and time out discrimination is the final battle! Why should I be disposed of?
Meanwhile here in india, engineering students are still not employed even when they are skilled, compitition kills them. Who are desperate to work. All thanks to our Indian government.
If it was not for covid-19 pandemic, I bet this would not be happening.
so 60 minutes didn't bother to try to interview an average worker to see their perspective?  Okay...
these US companies: "we've had a 23-30 percent uptick in revenue during the pandemic"  also US companies "where are all my employees at for 7.25 wtf ?"
Because there are so many openings from all the people that died of covid...it doesn't take a scientist to figure that out....so please anti vaxers...don't get that shot....I want YOUR job
But Not all are leaving they are simply being  fired   ,media doesnt  talk about this.
Karen you are so,so,so right!!! When you consider the level of stress.hostile work environments, office politics, toxic Corporate cultures and clueless management  Workers are so fed up, and exhausted!  They have to choose  between family and personal life OR a job who could care less about them.
I thought it was because they tried to mandate the vaccine
DUE TO VACCINE MANDATE
Make it a 3 day work week across the nation.
The top community think that bottom community is stupid!!! Come on, we are human beings our bottom job wages need to be hire 10X. Economic is stupid inflation and you expect us to work for cheap labor 🙄!
They want everyone to get the jab and wear a mask. Who wants to work under that tyranny? Not me I have plenty of skills to find a new job. The economy makes it hard to work for anyone that doesn’t pay enough to feed yourself
Is not fun to work in restaurants and hospitality, because when everyone is having fun,  you have to wake up early to serve them. Even in holidays.
Pay crap what do you expect. I like he said that revenue has gone up high but you reckon the pay has? Doubt it
just lazy
Please turn on closed captions for your deaf viewers!!
You see there's a big scam especially in the tech industry where employers will advertise open positions, where the pay is an insult in relevance to the work and skills required to be considered. So people don't apply, and the people that do are turned down for "not being a good fit". After so long of running this racket, the employer can reasonably and legally explain away why they either A) outsource to foreign companies or B) bring in immigrants at dirt cheap wages and work them to death. "We couldn't fill the position, we had to go this way!". There are a lot of "help wanted" ads that are not meant to be filled at all.
This opening looks like it was made in 95
This is only showing upper class people! What about the poor?
3:45 nobody gonna talk about this dude carrying that like it’s nothing??
With covid still goin not much is gonna chnage back .
Better pay??? lmao!!!!!! 🤣
And.....what are these people living on?
Build your own business this is the time, big greedy co-operations who've enslaved us for years now lets see who needs who 😎
Why not interview the restaurant, fast food or Amazon worker as to why they are quitting. Not a single person interviewed in this bogus report is relevant to the situation. People can’t afford to work, people can not live on the wages paid by businesses so why waste half your life working to be poor when you can just not waste your energy and still be poor. This is an anti worker piece of trash reporting
.
They have learned their worth!  Also, they’re not hiring. They don’t want to pay back those PPP loans (whatever they are) so they “advertise” as hiring when they’re really not.
Lol this so called "Economics expert" with degrees from three different Prestigious Universities literally offered nothing of value in this interview. Everything she said could be learned by the average person doing a quick google search. And this is the case with every expert they ever bring on TV to discuss anything.
Offering better pay for their jobs lol that’s a joke let me tell you something a lot of companies don’t care about the employees aka the people that make them money.  On top of that most of the managers are power hungry treated the employees like crap and they don’t know how to do their own job.
Because work sucks and Biden pays more to do nothing
It’s Not the Virus putting People Out of Business Out of Work Out of Home!!!…. ITS THE POLITICIANS AND THEIR  F’D UP FRIENDS🙄🤨
It’s not a worker problem. It’s a “pay your workers better” problem. Record profits sound great, but that means nothing to a worker. Businesses are blind.
I live in Greenville, SC it’s some many jobs here is crazy. Everyone is hiring all the time, signing bonus and flexibility in schedule. It’s a great thing makes company appreciate there workers are they leaving for a new job
I quit my state career after being s@xually assaulted at work. And bad hours. Why does everyone have to go to work and school at the same damn time and cause more traffic and accidents and road rage? That’s unnecessary. Employers need more flexible work hours AND not everyone wants to work full time. Make part time hours available too.
I’ll applaud anybody who can walk away from a terribly toxic job despite the risks involved. I’m surprised that no one talks about poor management and having to watch their every word and action.
Older generations taught younger generations to not depend on a company and it will never go back to thinking working for a company 20 years is a good thing.
pay a living wage it's simple
The mandates started it all!
Stop the damn mandates
Over the summer I heard of someone who quit their job at my company because their responsibilities and duties were increased but their pay wasn't, and I heard that the company was literally shocked that they did that. I don't think it's a bad thing that companies now have to reckon with the fact that employees are people who don't want to be endlessly exploited, as they were shown an alternative by the pandemic.
Hidden number of  dislikes - says it lot about this "documentary"
I quit mine but moved right onto another one so
*Destroys pensions, bans unions, makes everyone wear clown uniforms, adjusting for inflation/buying power wages decrease massively, offers joke healthcare insurance that satisfies minimal government requirements, obliterates housing market, gets trillions in bailouts during pandemic and pass none of it on to essential workers, minimum wage half of what it was 50 years ago, spies on employees to demand constant 110% work ethic, eliminates overtime, fires people for free speech on private platforms, demands 4 years degrees and 10 years of experience for entry level positions with internship level pay, no investment in employees, never promote from within always hire new people instead, forces office workers to be on site when they could just as easily be at home.*  ^my guesses....
It's not a worker problem, it's a pay problem and a trust problem. The people do not trust corporations nor the government whose task is to keep them in check. We feel the game is rigged in our lives every second of every day. Case and point, almost all of the gains we've made through increased wages are being cancelled by inflation. 60% of the inflation we're experiencing is a direct result of corporations using the natural inflation we do have due to supply chain issues and a tiny bit from stimulus (not the checks to Americans but the give aways to giant corporations) as cover for raising their prices for beyond true inflationary rates. In many cases, this strategy is being shared with shareholders and the record profits being made by giant corporations is all the proof one needs.
I make over 6 figures and I freakin hate my job but what makes me comeback to work every week is my 20yr pension and my 20% retirement program.
How about employers pay their workers adequately, and they might find more applicants
Take off the Vax mandates and you will get workers back. These people can't exclude this other factor.
I also left my job in 2021 for the company that i worked for 12 years and it was the best decision i ever did. Now i am a full time day trader on  the stock market and i tripled my income doing it at home than my previous job where i have to drive 20 minutes and deal with co-workers and bosses who are difficult to work wiith.
This is a piece about Workers but it doesn’t interview a single worker? And this piece doesn’t address the fact that most Americans feel their employers don’t really care about their interests.
Vaccine mandates have nothing to do with it. Nothing to see here. LMAO!
500k for the average home....You're going to pay for this with a $45 a hour part time job. HAHAHA American's deserve better. Health care, retirement accounts, and a good wage are a must. Corporate America went to China with the help of the American goverment. Did they really think this was going to work? Fire the American goverment NOW.
Because they're being pushed to vax....
Sounds like an ad for Greenville SC, we don't need any body else moving down here smh
But how are all these people paying their bills?
It's plain and simple..people are lazy and bumming off the government and people that are actually still working like me! Get a job bums
Interesting how it's all the jobs where customer-staff and staff-manager interactions are said to get the most toxic such as hospitality and retail. What point is there in "contributing to society" if the part of society you're contributing to is trash?
Everybody that sees this post. Buy crypto now. Problem solved. Be your own boss in a year from now. Trust me. It’s time…
I guess it has nothing to do with the jab?? The government is been working on putting small businesses out of business for quite some time as well. That's why they allowed the big corporate companies to stay open during the pandemic and not the small ones.
Y’all some tards in this comment section
Slavery times wages were 0 dollars. Today minimum wage is only 7.35 while rent is 1300. I wonder why people are quiting trash jobs.
My local mcdonalds is offering 19-20 dollars an hour *usa* and thats how you know its bad
Spend about 10 minutes on r/antiwork and you’ll see a mountain of reasons why we’re quitting bs jobs left and right
When they thought they had the upper hand They treated US like sh!t . Now they miss US . It's like codependency . No matter how bad they treat you you keep coming back. Now WE'RE done
I left my job after 12 yrs for another position that paid better and a little less work load plus less hours. You can’t be loyal now a days knowing your worth more than the money. Always keep searching for better and set your boundaries. I’ve been working since I was 15 and I’m 38 now. That is the one thing I learned. Companies make money off your back and remember you carry them not the other way around. I hope things stay this way because lessons needs to be learned.
Working at a job that pays you every other week that's BS
When you see that you can be fired because you don't want a shot and your degrees you spent years and money on don't matter then what's the point we see the reality of tomorrow and it's not good we have no future the powers that be are aiming to destroy all we have worked for in an instant so work for what
Unfortunately, they’re also demanding you get jabbed. F@$k that! We quit.
Yeah. Quit your jobs. Stay broke. Starve and die, retards. Maybe then we can finally thin the genepool out eh?
No one want to get jabbed or wear a mask all day. Thats y.. As well as respect is not a 2 way street🙌 ..
I think 60 minutes just repeats what the other person says in every interview.
Ahhhhh because of Democrats and their socialist agenda???
People are quitting horrible jobs and every expert is surprised!
What generous stimulus!!????
There is no point in being loyal to a company. There’s no ‘long term benefits’ or ‘good outlook’ or even basic retirement/pensions. We don’t want promises. If you can’t make it worthwhile for your employee today—with a worthy salary and benefits—you’re trash.  And who wants to work for trash? No one.
How could a person change his or her way of working , except once the covid crap happened. Meaning, before covid, the economy was booming, and right when the government started the money giving away strategies, all of sudden people started to change their behavior. Odd! Isn't it???
My rents paid I'm not going back to work in a hellhole.
My last job had a terrible boss, that's why I never went back. Also no raise in a decade.
NOT A WORKER PROBLEM!!! AN EMPLOYER PROBLEM!!!
Good job everyone !
TOXIC ENVIRONMENTS, LOW PAY,  POOR BENEFITS, LONG HOURS = BURN OUT!!! NOT WORTH MY HEALTH!!!
Ohh but Mexicans are “taking our jobs” 🥱… yet these white Americans sure love to travel to Mexico but hate us in the US 🥱😂😂😂😂
It's just not safe to risk your life for the man & have a family at home.
It's been said that for every 5 skilled trade workers retiring,  there are only 2 replacements.
A lot of these companies advertising jobs are lying to get government money. Do some digging on all the folks who are applying all over the place and not getting hired. Why isn't this aspect of what's happening here being discussed? It needs to be.
Who can explain why this is happening, Leslie? Um, vaccine mandates?
Forced shots.
I'm 72, I still work 30 hrs a week. I can't live on social security. Also many, most employers still don't get it. Let them suffer till they come to. We are sick of the BS. How about a Notional laborstrike.
This makes no sense. We want to see the detail of how people who had rent, food, electricity, car payments, credit card bills etc that were in retail, hospitality etc were able to stay unemployed after the government benefits ran out. We are talking millions and millions of jobs.   Did they all go live at home? Did they bag out on rent and the car payments and everything else? The only examples they gave on this TV show were salary workers who had a spouse working and stuff like that. I think this is cool and I say more power to the employee but I have yet to see an article or TV show that really dives in and explains how ten million people who were living paycheck by paycheck can now kick back and forget about all bills.
60 minutes just lost all credit with the work force. It must be nice having a cushy job where you do nothing all day. Have some intern/under paid worker do all the actual work while you cherry pick.   Here's the reality, corporate America has failed. They refuse to pay workers a living wage and manipulate, lie, cheat, and steal to get workers to do the work for as little as possible. And the US government has done nothing but ask people to go back to minimum wage jobs, that corporate America has convinced us that it's only for high schoolers and under skilled workers.
They all went back to welfare
Jobs??  You mean the crappy low wage, entry level pay excuse for jobs that have replaced the high paying jobs that were eliminated by this administration?  If you people haven’t figured it out by now you are hopelessly ignorant.  They aren’t burned out, they aren’t going to work for 1980’s wages and they aren’t going to be forced to have chemicals injected into their bodies.  Wake up!
Because most people these days try to make money from YouTube, Twitch, Onlyfans, etc... And try to go 'Full Time' with it as they're 'job'. It's one of the things people overlook then they talk about this whole 'Great Resignation'. There's stories of people that actually had good paying jobs, like Doctors and what not, but they ended up quitting because they made more money from they're 'Internet Careers'.  If both YouTube and Twitch stopped letting people play ads on they're videos or become partners, 90% of both platforms will die overnight. Just spitting brutal facts.
Let's Go Brandon!!
Nothing but lies and propaganda.  The tyranny is over bearing.  The fascists are working over time to make sure you get your forced medicine but to make sure the masses have no idea that is why the economy is going to crap.  You will own nothing and be happy.  The great reset is upon us.  Most of the posts on here are bots.  Look up Klaus Schwab and The World Economic Forum.  This is all planned.  Wake UP!
First off it was not the pandemic that shut everything down but governmental policies enacted at the city, county, and state levels that declared some jobs as "essential" and other jobs as "non-essential."  These shutdowns were the result of a Pandemic of Stupidity by government officials across the U.S.  Secondly would emphasize that not every job on earth is going to "make people sing."  I feel fortunate in having two jobs that I like a great deal.  But it is called work for a reason and nirvana is hard to find depending upon how you define it.  Now if you're in a job that you hate because everything is bad (the work itself, the boss, your co-workers, etc., etc.) then obviously get out!!  The worst statement I ever heard at work years ago with a former employer was a foreman in one of our units whose job had been spared in a round of personnel cuts state, "I hate my job.  Fortunately I only have 14 years left until retirement."  Too sad!!  But bills have to be paid as high unemployment payments and eviction moratoriums don't last forever.  Also, word to the wise on those jumping from job to job to job as that eventually that resume gets a fairly "checkered look" to it and employers will shy away from those employees.  Finally, due to the huge rise in the stock market with the Dow Jones at 36,000+ (as of today 1/11/2022) versus around 10 years ago at around 11,000, many older workers have decided to retire early.  What if the Dow significantly retreats due to stagflation such as we saw in the 1970s??  I think a lot of those recently-retired workers will be coming back into the work force.
Latinos where stilling are jobs nows the time. America
Funny that they are using this fact to say the unemployment rate is actually going down
Boomers for the last 20 years:  "IF YA'LL DON'T LIKE HOW YOUR JOB TREATS YOU GET A BETTER JOB DAMNIT"   Essential workers: "you know what ok"   Boomers: "Why is there no one to serve us!"
This interview was a waste of time just say employers wont pay more
I'm glad I got out of the restaurant industry in 2018. Thankfully I had a great owner/operator to work for for all those years who trusted my abilities and kept my pay up to keep me there.
60 Minutes - such a depressing communist news source.  The reason for this problem is probably decades of U.S. citizens listening to this depressing fake news garbage.
Employees are human beings not just numbers and "bottom lines". Show some respect and they'll come back... maybe ;-)
Indeed is a scam.
My tuckers union isn’t delivering to blue states. I’m so proud. Starve the enemy
Life is short !enjoy it !more to life than puching a time clock!
América the Beautiful!! Home of the free and strongest.  By the For the People!.
We’re tired of being bullied by these company’s. They are not family friendly, they don’t pay well, or offer good enough benefits. There is no loyalty and often times humanity with these jobs anymore.. I’m glad people are finding their worth
This is an EMPLOYER problem. Pay more, give better benefits, give a reason to work at their company.
4:20 this map shows where the freedom is. This because of bad policies not just jobs.
Having worked in retail, hospitality, and other service-sector jobs, none of this is surprising to me. It's not a worker problem, it's an employer problem. Employers want robots, not workers.
60 minutes you really messed this piece up right off the bat from calling it the Big Quit instead of the Great resignation. Then to add this all up you interviewed 4 businesses and only 1 individual worker. There are systematic issues in the job markets and you chose the weakest side of the argument.
Easy!  You rent at the moment in America.  I had a dentist that didn't pay rent in 24 months and I can't evict her.  I have tenants that stop paying rent because the government will pay their rent... Not having a job at the moment in the US is good... Squatter's life :(
So many open jobs requiring the shot.
But I apply at 50 places and don’t even get a call back..
It’s time for employers to stop making us wait 90 days or more for benefits, being a contractor before rolling them full time, offering health insurance with 5k or more deductibles, etc. how about a 4 day work week (32 hours) at the 5 day a week salary. We’re tired of being used up.
For two reasons number one the government is handing out and has been handing out way too many damn checks of someone else’s money and the other reason is because so many people today are just lazy bums!
PEOPLE WANT JOBS WORTH DOING SHOCK HORROR !!! 😲
Here's the entire situation in a nutshell. The employer/employee relationship is like a marriage. When our entire political and economic system has spent the last 50 years putting the all the power into the hands of the employers the employees are just ready for something different. The marriage just isn't working for the working class and they are not opposed to making the temporary separation a complete divorce. Just about every employer could not give two sh*ts about their employees, demand complete loyalty and they will kick good employees to the curb for looking at them sideways. At the end of the day people want to be appreciated and not taken for granted. We have the sh*ttiest health care system in the world. We are the only developed nation on earth that doesn't have mandatory sick pay codified into law. We have two political parties whose entire reason to exist is to feed the oligarchy and have spent decades destroying unions and allowing corporations to sh*t on employees and treat them like disposable human garbage. Think about this. Every corporation has a department called human resources. The humans who work for them are just resources to be used and tossed away. Now all these employers, many of whom did nothing to protect people's jobs are crying because people don't want to work for them. At the end of the day every human wants to feel appreciated and we have not exactly created a worker's paradise in this country. It's good to see the rich and powerful people grovel a little for a change. The bottom line is there will always be a need for the working class. Maybe it's just time for all the big wheels to realize they can't make it without the little people....
Why? Its simple... THIS is what happens when you have a media, corporate and political class intentionally dividing the country by every measure possible... Whats next? The people will revolt against the media, corporate and the political class with absolutely no mercy... Wait for it...
Change the rules of VISA & Take care your Employees change of game
If you look at all the Karens on YouTube, you'll understand why service workers are quitting.
This is where the companies replace many jobs with robots instead of paying people.  Then when a recession happens, a lot of positions will be filled.  The future is gonna get dark
Viral link of all time. I'm sending this story to every nay-sayer I know!
Pander much?
Jobs not paying  and abusing employees emotionally and financially
If a job can be done remotely, it can be reallocated to workers in other nations, such as India.
Their quitting to go on public assistance
The mandates were a factor in healthcare.
The question is really easy to answer.  People are not stupid.  People are not going to taking this jab.
stimulus checks and vaccine mandates
I quit my job in 2021.
It is not that people don’t want to work most of us love to contribute to helping our community and our world and ourselves even our employer when he’s or she is fair and just. But when Congress and Senate who get paid very well get expense accounts get paid days off paid weeks off paid vacation paid sick days, paid maternity leave while they will not vote for us to have any of that and expect us to work at often non living wage, well, eventually we are going to revolt.  At least most Democrats are trying to get some of this for us but not ONE Republican.  Vote Blue or just wait until the Republicans get control, I guarantee the separation of rich and poor will divide this beautiful America even further. They keep us so busy just trying to make ends meet that few of us have time to get involved, hence that is their strategy.
The companies are years late and many dollars short.  What they're offering really is money that should have been paid to employees years ago.  This countries worth was it's employees...and they're just now realizing it.  Lol.  The people are speaking.  No one cares anymore.
Strange the people chosen for this, where are the range of worker voices? One professional, no factory or labour workers?
Beautiful teeth on that fellow from Greenville.
People are quitting because the cost of LIVING continues to rise. Home prices have skyrocketed over the past 10 years, let alone the past year! But companies/corporations are still in the 1990’s when it comes to base pay of $40-50k for new graduates starting their job at corporation XYZ! Their parents were able to get a similar job at the same corporations in the 1970s-1980s often times with just a high school degree. They could AFFORD to buy a damn home and other investment properties, etc. Today, we are riddled with student loan debt as more and more higher learning institutions are simply “for profit” businesses. The once much sought after 100k/year gold standard is now the equivalent of that $40k-50k/year and no one can simply “get going” with their lives. We have terms like “side hustle” crammed down our throats and people wonder wtf happened. What happened was GREED. And this is the the result! This is what you get on that opposite end of the greed stick.
" Take this job and shove it " - it's unreal how there are jobs available and there are not enough individuals working and lots of people working online jobs instead - they are tired of dealing personally with disrespectful people and also want better benefits
Mask and vaccine mandate = I quit.
Most people realized their worth in those industries and realized they were being unfairly paid benefits time off etc
Lost my livelihood in hospitality for 6 weeks before returning. Made me realize if I wanted a better situation for myself I had to create it. Started a business, quit my job and never looked back. Best decision I ever made.
1.people are getting lazy 2.the pay sucks
Its time for these multi-billion dollar corporations to start paying, offering benefits especially health care, which is an absolute joke in the US. These  corporations can start by cutting their executives pay and giving it to the workers. That's just a start, though.
Why is everyone interviewed blacks?
Choosing??? No. We got shut down, locked down. Covid19 remember. Suddenly narrative changes to "all the people quit."
people are quitting... that's weird... it's not like people are being told to either get the vax or find another job.... strange.... what with monoclonal antibodies, iver- mectin, natural immunity being science and all... that's weird... why isn't fauci in jail? the world may never know...
60 Minutes is Propaganda -- Biden is giving more in unemployment benefits than workers can make in minimum wage jobs.  Federal Covid unemployment bonuses -- plus free medical insurance if you are unemployed.  60 minutes avoids any news that makes Biden look responsible.  People need money -- so where are they getting it?  From federal/state unemployment!  60 Minutes pretends that people are living on air and quitting work to "fulfill" themselves.
I am an RN. I question your numbers in health care workers. Ya'll have only seen burnout wave one...
Welcome to age of Aquarius ♒️🌪🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Remembered folks school isn't a baby sitting service!
Death to capitalism. Rise up.
There is one group of people no one, in this story, touched on. They may never get back in the work force. The ones with long covid. Experts say that about 1/3 of people who were diagnosed with covid, have lasting impact from the illness. At last count, that was about 17 Million people.
Aint no muddafucker  flippin burgers for $12 an hour.
I tell you I'm a truck driver my trucker's license been suspended The companies do not want to hire they wantna put automatic trucks that drives themselves self self driving trucks in where they do not have to pay the worker Look at the fact  I am just tired of the lies that are going on and on Too many lies Why don't you come and record me let me tell you the truth I'm here at the house I'm only getting food stamps food stamps have been denied for discipli've been denied for disability I've been denied assistance I've been denied unemployment I've been denied Workman's cup I've been denied Unemployment says to you you haven't been putting in so we cannot give to you denied Companies do not want to have drivers Do the math you get 2 drivers at $15 an hour .   14 hours 8 days One driver gets paid a 1500 The 2nd driver gets paid $15 an hour alsoAnd he does the same amount of work as the other driver so that's $30 you're paying for 2 drivers of a 1500 a piece a 1500 and a 1500 pundit comes out 2 $3000 out of those company's post company's pockets paying the driversThey get one driver getting a 1500 and have him do the work of 2 driversThey're pocketing a 1500 to their pockets but then they also charge $300So that driver's paycheck comes to a $1200Then they want to take away from medical everything else that they give you would you leaves it down to $256 dollars in 8 daysThey keep taking out taking away is that any money for a person to live250 to pay bills when you spend 300 on food on the road or 250 on the road for food for the week
I like how they barely bothered asking anyone who _actually left their job_ about why people are resigning, and instead chose to interview employers, business owners, and founders who have no idea what is actually going on
This a good things. Homeless is a trend.  Making no job the problem
I think it is because there are many young adults living at home. Our entry level position has only been taken by those in their early 20's living at home, even with a $2/hr increase in pay. They typically no show an eventually quit... we don't even fire anyone anymore.
Equal pay for equal work
Acronym for job - just over broke
These employers don't care about employees lives that's the problem
Your worth more than minimum wage!!!!!
Lol, they didn’t interview any actual working Americans who work to pay bills lol. The employers don’t care about the employees, and they don’t pay enough for people to give a f***. That’s what people have realized.
the workers are tired. We are realizing that we want a life where we can LIVE. We NEED to fight for the same benefits every other country receives. I think this is a really good next step for a social democracy. The pay gap is HUGE
Brunt out because They work in health Care is VERY sad. We need the educated to stay and More helping each Other to be Good Hospital Friends/Workers. The joy to stay and develop my own education.
For some industries pay might be the issue, but that’s just one factor. For many industries the whole recruitment process is huge bottleneck. I don’t think in other countries they use such inefficient recruitment processes and methods.
Now go interview actual workers.  Jesus Christ, stupidest piece ever.
Garbage reporting.  4 business owners and 1 actual worker interviewed?
Currently looking for new work, not because its toxic or anything. It's in entertainment and its a sinking ship.
Maybe Conservative Business Owners will soon start to realize the benefits of immigration
Building America better. Yeah boy!! Employers are expected to give more to their employees but employers need help to survive through the pandemic. Same as people not paying rent but landlords still had to pay their bills. How fair is that?
......and this is why automation is king, you lazy shesse
Aside from the mistreatment and low pay by the employers, America needs to slow the fck down and stop running operations 24/7. There needs to be a life and work balance that doesn't burn people out. And let's pretend that we can't do it when there is proof that other countries are doing it.   So glad people are finally putting their foot down because this needs to happen to show that companies are not 100% in control of our lives. Treat your people as human beings instead of leftover garbage. CEOs and upper management need to take major pay cuts to allocate for the rest of the businesses. There is no reason one individual should be making 10's to 100's of millions of dollars for themselves when they can redistribute the rest back into its workers. Let's not pretend they are not maximizing their profit take away and leaving what's leftover for the rest.
It's call government help...I know people that are getting hundreds for child benefit...I even know of someone that build a brand new house with government stimulus check...
If you pay your employees anything under a living wage, the taxpayers are picking up the slack for you and paying for your workers' food, healthcare, and housing.   Taxpayers are subsidizing shareholder profits! Businesses NEED to start paying real wages
Religious exemptions not offered against the jab...therefore, are going away and moving away because we want medical freedom!  They claim that they don't discriminate in hiring due to Religious beliefs but it's a lie!! We cover myself and family with the BLOOD AND NAME OF YAHSHUA, the risen Savior!
I’ll save you all the trouble.  Where most people are quitting at are what everyone calls the “unskilled” labor. Fast food, waiters/waitresses, production workers, cashiers, etc.   These jobs are typically lower wage with no benefits. Most wait staff get paid about $2-4/hr and then have to rely on tips. Fast food and retail usually only hire part time to avoid having to pay for worker benefits such as health care. These people are quitting these jobs and looking at warehouse or facility opportunities such as Amazon and UPS which are starting at about $15/hr and include benefits.  We call these jobs “unskilled” yet they are clearly crucial enough to have employers wine about it.  In short if your help wanted sign says minimum wage and no benefits don’t expect people to work there. Just that simple
Like Kennedy said once, “And so, my fellow Americans, ask not what your Country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your Country.” I call this entitlement. And highly enabled/sponsored by the US Government.
Automation and overseas outsourcing, will be the final outcome. To believe the average employees are going to "outsmart" job creators, is a pipe dream. You are only as unique as your job skills.
Jajaja to all people who thought was the government fault by giving extra $$ on the unemployment
What's the difference between school and life? In school we're taught a lesson, and then given a test. In life, we're given a test, that teaches us a lesson.
So they left to a cheaper place where there's yearly natural disasters tornadoes, floods, 2 feet of snow, hurricanes. We'll enjoy your new house.
Because there lazy
This is white collar people.  I noticed no floor factory people were included…
"If you don't design your own life's plan, chances are you'll fall into somebody else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." Jim Rohn
Employers can't find workers and they rarely ever respond to my many applications. We all have to apply for jobs online now. So, is the problem, the job board not connecting the applications to the employers?
Evil Democrats is to Blame
This increased incentivization of employment and higher pay all goes away in 12-18 months when the economy melts down.
This is what happens when democrats are in charge.
How are these people paying their bills??? I just do not get it!!!!
It’s the ripple effect as a result of the Pandemic, many see the pay isn’t worth it; especially, when the risks of getting sick are still too high in the service sector. The continued rise in the cost of living expenses doesn’t help the situation either…if not resolved soon, hyperinflation could follow.
Thank democrats for it.
For software engineers, insane interview process made me to quit that industry after 10 years . U have to spend 3 months studying algorithms which u never use at ur job and then at least 10 different nonsense interviews for each job you apply. I don’t want to do that in my 40s. Fk that
Probably had something to do with a companies current employee not getting the same pay/benefits for staying with said company.
Employers are forcing people to resign because they won't get ia vaccine
Socialism has infected our country and also Americans are standing up and saying no to the vaccines
Most employers don't want to pay a fair wage. While Big bosses want to drive in exotic cars and multimillion dollar house, an employee needs to work for cheap wages.
But I thought that unemployment was really low?
People quit low paying jobs (period).
Companies should have on sight child care.  I incorporated that item into an proposal (Industrial Revenue Bond) for 7 million dollars and got it with only one hearing.  I was ahead of my time I guess.
LinkedIn evil and greedy
I quit my job as a nurse over 10 y. Because when this BS started the hospital just exploited us. They would not hire help, using plandemic as excuse.
It's that flexibility that will allow more disabled people and caregivers to go back into the workforce.
Talk about out of touch. Keep it up you elitist tools.
Thank you all for whining and crying. The government is going to pay you forever. I raised in pay and position. I’ll work the hours and stack my bank account.
If they would get rid of that online application process, they would get workers!!!!
Been trying to get a job for two months and no one is actually hiring. Even the temp agency posted a hiring for the warehouse job and I applied, they had me go to the office, which was an hour away. Then, after I filled out all the paperwork and got back home. They said they would call me the next day about it and when they didn't, I called them. They told me that actually there were no positions available and I could check back later. Every day I apply to jobs, and no responses.
today is my last day at work
Please , this ISNT  a "pandemic "  we're in ... its called a DEPRESSION  .
Don't know how you could interview everyone but someone that quit. Feels like a pretty bad propaganda piece. Seriously playing it up as poor business owners just trying to find help. Meanwhile kind of glazing past the fact that wage/cost of living is at huge gap not just min wage workers but people with degrees. Almost 30% of homeless people have employment 10% are working full time think people just realized if I am going to be homeless anyways might as well not make these pricks another dime.
People have had time to realize that they deserve better.  People want a better quality of living, to be less stressed and they want to be happy.
it's time to strike for wage
Pay them more, treat them better
I’m quitting my job at McDonald’s today :D
Why? Earn more money online plus time freedom!
Jobs Expect a 2 week notice for you leaving so they can figure out a way to replace you but Fire you on the spot not caring about your life, bills and people you have to take care of after thinking about it that is all I needed to know. There is nothing stopping them from giving you 2 weeks to find another form of income before letting you go but their ego
Oh, well...robots are eager to get in that driver's seat.
Do not give unemployment
Must be nice. Would LOVE to resign
This is crazy she has no clue what she's talking about. People are fleeing  certain states for a reason and it's not for work. And I'd quit to if I was going going to be forced to Vax. F that
So where they getting  their money from to survive? Somebody needs to figure it out.
BECAUSE THEY DON'T WANT TO TAKE THE SNAKE VENOM!
This is a beautiful thing. For too long have employers treated us reliable workers like we're easily expendable. The proof is in the pudding: lack of proper benefits like overtime and alike, instantly turning down raises when said reliable and trustworthy worker asks for one,  enforcing the all-hated "the costumer is always right" motto which essentially alienates the feelings of workers. The Great Resignation means one thing, that thing is that we the laborers hold all the leverage now. Oh you want us to work for you? No problem, let's just sit down and negotiate a proper salary with benefits and we'll join you with no issue instead of you expecting us to be okay with a low-level wage with no benefits.
I’m barely surviving in California. Work to pay rent. Repeat.
My comment was deleted because I told the truth and they obviously want people to believe there is a Great Resignation and no one knows why: 1. People were laid off by companies at beginning of pandemic (they had no loyalty to their workers) 2. Greedy CEO’s and micromanagers were forcing people back to office while in a pandemic out of greed, those workers are resigning because they want to stay remote 3. September 2021 until present, people are resigning or retiring earlier than normal because of JB’s forced mandates. The people who don’t want to take a forced drug that is experimental for their health or religious views are either being forced to resign, resigning on their own or retiring if they can or switching jobs altogether. Every-time, the news says we don't know why people are quitting its a lie! People are quitting due to a free country stripping them of that and forcing them to put something in their God (not man) given bodies. Period.   3.
Because they want the government to pay their way. They should never have given free unemployment money! Crooks Remember ?
I left due to poor management, staffing shortage, burn out and not able to even get PTO approved
These people don't have child support. America! lol lol lol lol.
If you work, you can get shot and killed
Mandates!!! Why is this happening? What a joke you’re asking people to take risks that some people don’t want to take some for legitimate careers and even worse for minimum wage
2000 dollars does Not allow you quit your damn job.
PLANdemic
Isn't it wild that black owned businesses seem to get it🤔
No more toxic employers!!!
What many of these aren't taking into account is the expenses. I'm not talking eating out, going to the movies, shopping at the mall or buying a new car. I'm talking the monthly expenses of paying for basic groceries (eggs, milk, bread), gas in the 20 year old car, heating, water, electricity, rent, insurance. Now add in school expenses for your child, medical bills because you've worked yourself to the bone, phone bills, student loan bills for you AND your significant other because you both tried to get ahead. It adds up and makes it nearly impossible to survive let alone make any head way. And saving up? May as well forget that pipe dream.
Employers actually tried to force their employees to take the vaccines... So they quit.
Watching this get me hype to quit my job
Pretty simple. We own you.
How do people pay their bills
Let refugees and immigrants enter our country so they can work and have the dream. It’s time…we need to do this.
A all black reportage from CNN.. was this really helpful ?? You get the impression that black people does not like to work.
are you kidding me???? open jobs??? try to survive for minimum wage for 2 months!!!! stupid!
Most of the problem is that that young White melienuials don't want to do anything that is considered labor hard work so it's time for them to stop complaining about people from other countries coming to the united States and take away all the jobs everyone has trouble getting young people to do the jobs that my and generations before and most of them are white protestant pilgrims political agenda propaganda melienuials that spend most of thier time not looking for employment enough to support themselves and family and to get them up in the morning and be responsible for thier own lives it's really the color of thier skin that makes them have a title of entitlement some people say it's because of this covid virus no no it's been going on with the start of the 1990s and before that I visited my family friends in Texas in 1989 and thought that we would stay find jobs but nobody would hire someone who was white to do laborours jobs we looked asked for work willing to do the jobs that we had been doing up in Minnesota and Iowa but nobody down in Texas would hire a white people to house cleaning or lawn work and that's what is going on I really believe that young people who are going to be taking care of the older generations may just get rid of us rather than bothering to care for us like other countries around the world do I would say it's time to put the home economics and family living social behaviour and trade classes back into the classroom make it for both girls and guys must for graduation from high school all states must provide to teach them how to be productive citizens sometimes you must do what you don't like or love to do its just life in the realistic normalized thinking world God and goddess blessed be the wise ones
Companies used to offer benefits. What is the incentive to be employed if the government will pay you to not work? Where is all this headed?  We are on the downhill slide.
FJB, and Vaccine are big reasons!!
TIME’S UP, EMPLOYERS!!!
It's ok to quit your job, but how you gonna pay for food, rent, car note, insurance, and utilities? You have to work to receive money to pay bills right?
Americans need parental leave… PAID PARENTAL LEAVE, not the option to cash in their earned PTO and take a few weeks off when they have a child! We should not have to forfeit sick days, and vacation time in order to recover from child birth! Having a safe space to pump for a nursing child whose left at daycare should not be met with groans and disapproval. When will human lives and the lives of our children matter in this country?! We are constantly told what’s best for our children, unless that comes between working long hours. If caring for your child prevents you from being an exceptional employee then give your child a bottle, drop them at daycare, give them a tablet to entertain them, and show up to work anyway.
Tik tok and YOUTUBE pays more than you guys are willing to ever pay. Hahahah
Life, do i want to work, for paychecks, that barely pay my bills, so progressive can push socialism??  They say the rich won't be so rich, and the poor won't be so poor... the big lie, everyone will be poor. And so they feel they no longer should choose, to be dedicated to a job, who believed you were expendable after years of service, and in the mean time they have sacrificed their family life and watching their children, and as we watch the schools try to indoctrinate our children... molding their minds to the progressives agenda . People are taking their lives back.
I’m so glad I did my 25/50 put my papers in and said later! Gator I’m out I’m retired!!!1 week before Xmas I gave myself the best Xmas gift 🎁
This is why America is broke
I quit because the company I worked for wouldn't let me change job positions after a spinal injury. I'm not going to continue sacrificing my health to make a manager's numbers look good.
Customers  are horrible. 5 yrs ago I left nursing because of the patients. Treating me like an uneducated idiot. And demanding things! They know better than doctors,  nurses and supporter.staff because they have the internet and believe me-- they did their research!
This will all change once their bank hits 0
This is a make believe story, People moved to other states.
The mandates don't have nothing to do with it, huh?  How many were laid off?
No employer is entitled to your labor, that's capitalism, fight for your wages like it owes you MONEYYYY!
Back in the day you worked for 20-30 years, got full Benefits, full 2 week vacation 2x a year, paid holidays and sometimes a teamsters union behind you and you retired with a pension. Now employers want you to work on a 10 description job, no vacation just personal time, no union no pension at 60 hours a week. Oh at 15 dollars a hour. Yeah no one wants that kind of living. Earlier to start your own business these days.
Because the working class was modern day Slavery! And the people had been woken! This is a sick system of white supremacy!
The Woke GenZ are just a bunch of Lazy, no good slackers, who were brought up as if they were precious, who were spoiled and never reprimanded or corrected by their parents (most likely "Parent"). The kind of cry-baby kids who all had to get "participation" trophies for being losers at school sports. Kids who never had to take summer jobs to save up for something. Spoiled brats who screamed and kicked until they got that chocolate bar at the supermarket. Kids who were taught that they were the last Coke in the desert and that they deserved everything in exchange or nothing. That is why they don't want to work.
Why is the federal minimum wage still $7.25? What a joke. Pretty disgraceful. 13 years and not a single bump in minimum wage despite inflation. Most respectable employers nowadays are paying $15 an hour but I'm sure there's still a lot of young uneducated workers making less. Rents are through the roof and the cost of living is only going up. Anything less than $15/hour just isn't enough these days.
TIRED OF BEING ABUSED.  There, fixed that for you!
PREACHHHHHHH! 👏👏  I worked at Arbys for 8 yrs and I absolutely loved it but the pay and the CUSTOMERS made it totally not worth it after a while. People treat you like trash just because they see you as below them. And yes, we’re super tired mentally and I don’t think gen z and x are gonna take it too much longer.
I have a job but I would be willing to leave it if another employer were willing to help pay off my student loans and paid me the same (which is prevailing wage for my education and experience level). I think a lot of folks are in the same boat as me; kept out of the American dream because of crushing student loan debt. Alternatively they could also offer to cosign for a house, provide a down payment, or even give employees a house that becomes theirs after a number of years worked. It's not a novel idea, it was how most of the suburbs were built during and after the first and second world wars.
Minnimum wage has not kept up with the cost of living if it had then the minnimum wage would be a little over $20 an hour today. Big multinational companies can pay that but their just more interested in hiding their money with loopholes and lobbeist.
This is trash reporting.
All these comments and I can't find ONE about the most obvious reason: vaccine mandates. You wouldn't be scrubbing those comments, would you?
I quit my job today because of the inequality between Hollywood and Netflix, a lot of British people and the Australian working film industry. while all Americans are struggling with poverty.
I quit at the end of 2020.  I was making about 55k a year BUT I was working like a dog and getting pounded on by mgnt to do and produce more.  The bureaucracy, political correctness, never ending propaganda training, lack of support and covid madness were all factors.  But I just hated the company/organization I was working for.  They were down with all the new world propaganda and disseminating throught the workforce to build the employees likewise.  By the time I resigned, doing my actual job, the work that they hired me to do, seemed inconsequential.  They had tracking and metrics on everything.  It was an f-ing nightmare.
There's plenty of workers who want to work, I myself have experienced being turned down by employers, for opportunities i was well qualified for, claiming no one wants to work within the interview. I've met others with the same story.
I do armed security at a country club, I rather be over seas working at a embassy. The residents and their guest attitudes are trash.
Hey 60 seconds, maybe you should interview an actual worker or two, you lazy elitist gits! I got more calluses on one finger than those bosses have across their whole damn hands.
Where are these ppl?..
We went from a 3.6% in 2019 unemployment rate to a 6.7% in 2020! The sad fact is that more people are deciding not to work and draw unemployment. Sad when there are so many jobs but more and more people are deciding to selfishly live off of the tax payers who get up every morning and work for what they have.
Year after year of record breaking profits for them, year after year of us slaving for pennies. I think everyone has forgot we had to fight for a 40 hour work week and breaks, and they’ve been getting their revenge on workers ever since. And now they are dropping wages to below livable wages and blaming the workers for quitting as they downsize the market, and take off with the loot they’ve made. Remember two years ago, all Walmart’s and several other stores were open 24 hours, think of all those shifts lost. They are making record profits with less workers.
I APPLAUD, THE EMPLOYEES, FOR DOING THIS !
I quit my hospitality job in 2021 and never looked back. People are rude and you typically aren't even paid enough to survive.
I quit being a mail carrier because I was mandated to work 12 hours everday. Waste of time and effort Gov took 30%of my check
Why work in service when I'll get yelled at and berated for simply doing my job when I can put my headphones in and work at a warehouse or at the jobsite, get paid better without being dehumanized.
What happens man escapes Belarus Vanessa Russian Belarusian mother's Belarusian fathers Russia 1989 December 27th Global meltdown Chernobyl meltdown I have cancer what are the forms of cancer paraplegic when I was working my first brain injury is Mike Lavallee Eureka Montana 2004 2005 Montana liver cirrhosis night time alien night before 406 Perry Street r404a extreme Bill Gibbons done stairs Joe Donnelly.
Interviewed 5 people.    Four of them business owners or management.    Seems typical.
“The big quit”
The Great Resignation*
Bull it’s the mandates !
Arm the working class
TECHNOLOGY IS ONE OF THE REASONS.
Cost two cost we under worked death certificate or flag 🏳 🤔 red 🚩s exitus Exodus an apocalyptic non-drug job Workforce safety doesn't work here safety isn't here the virus is everywhere we waited not have the virus is to be the virus and pass on a virus cuz of viruses are RNA DNA micro chondria helix a virus
60 minutes is biased towards employers they are against the workers and workers rights. Give us free healthcare, free childcare, better wages. Companies ceos don’t need mansions and yachts.
The assumption that people would rather accept unemployment payments (that they've paid into through their employer assuming their employer has more than 10 employees, or that the employee themselves is full time and has been working long enough at one place to qualify for unemployment according to their state laws,) I find it repulsive considering it wouldn't seem like a "great deal," if people actually could make a living wage and job security along with benefits and paid time off, on top of getting monthly checks from the government like say people in Europe and Canada recieved.   Most single part time  people only received $2k and that was AFTER 6 months of lockdown and only getting $800 at a time. The problem isn't the greed and laziness of the American people, the real problem is the system. For example restaurants and bars build business models based on customers paying the servers through tips, in UK you don't tip. And guess what? The servers are paid handsomely. Service is more enjoyable when you don't have to worry about paying for rent.   Everyone understands if you want to go out you pay a little more for good food, your bill is the bill for everything.  Oh and then there's the whole capitalism thing, kinda hard to work for companies that keep going bankrupt and disappearing. (GM, Chrysler, Kohl's, Shopko, Toys R Us, ) And if you're still lucky enough to have a job you like and keep it, you most certainly aren't getting any overtime and will have a really hard time getting promoted without having to jump through hoops and be on call 24/7 able to work 7 days a week, doing the job of 17 people and getting stressed out just as hard until one day you snap and quit and that $500 a week don't look so bad (even tho it's still a huge loss) because you decided your own mental health is more important than some stupid meaningless job that won't even exist next year because the blockbuster building will soon be turned  into a fitness center.
Everyone is looking for livable wages.......point blank and simple.
Find what you love to do and make it a way to make currency.
People don't quit their jobs, they quit their managers. Leadership is key to retaining employees, no one wants to be talked down to or micromanaged.
More affordable places she says.    What she means is people are moving to red states.    Because conservative states aren’t as corrupt and socialist as democrat states.    That’s the fact.     These idiots are going to move to conservative states and vote for the same idiots who ruined the states that they fled.
Not worth it to work to pay higher taxes to pay off the Democrat national debt.
I saw a help wanted sign the other day that said "Will hire anybody"...
Quitting because of the mandates, and some because they’re fired because of the mandates. Mandates, mandates and mandates.😵‍💫
lol...trust me most workers don't have a saving to deplete. They are making money in a more independent and creative way that gives them a connection and meaning in  what they do. Take you poisons and capitalist rot a and shove it.
this problem is entirely on employers not giving enough benefits, pay, and dignity to their workers
These are all jobs that struggle to give basic benefits and pay...  Honestly most management should drink bleach
HR is not our friend! Corporate profit is more important that the employee. Executives earn millions but workers go years without raises. Or when we do get a raise it's negated by higher benefits. Morale is low, managers micro manage and play nepotism and favorites and work life balance is imbalanced.
America is going to have a homeless pandemic before you know it.   People don’t won’t to pay taxes to these corrupt democrat politicians
We’re evolving. No one wants long hours, disrespect, no promotion or advancement and serve someone else getting ahead while you’re struggle. Cost of living is going up while inflation chips away at our take home pay. Enough! The game is rigged and people have figured out they don’t want to participate. The capitalist are lucky the plebs don’t revolt
Ah yeah this is just great. Well done 60 Minutes. Next time, do a segment on why the abused leave their abusers, and bring in only the abusers to talk about it. I hope you all go bankrupt.
This is happening because the  constitution is not been honored. Employees are trying to take people rights away. People don’t want their employers to choose their health choices. They are forced to choose between their jobs and health. Not only this people are being over worked and under paid. The professionalism is gone in most companies. They don’t treated their employees right. We are indeed in the last days. Come Lord Jesus Christ.
Reported for Spam/Misleading
Workers are quitting their jobs in droves, let's ask their bosses why this is bad for the economy
It's the abusive,  demanding,  bullying 80's model work structure mindset.  Most supervisors and/managers are untrained,  unemphathetic parrots that are using fear to motivate employees to perform tasks that are unrealistic to achieve.  It's been going on for years and people have had it
MONEY,nobody wants to work for cheap wages! Cost of living in America goes up but the rich don’t want to pay enough to survive.
Haha this one guy called a POTENTIAL recruit every day for 2 months.  What an unhinged psychopath employer, jesus christ
Why don't they account for the fact that 800,000 people have died, and countless more are have fallen ill and maybe even lost their jobs for having to be out too long because of covid. don't believe 100% what the mainstream media says about workers. Workers have been victimized by corporations for centuries, then they are blamed when an economy and workforce have been stretched to it's limits by the greedy and corrupt.
Because making a hamburger at McDonalds doesn't pay the mortgage.
60 minutes is disconnected from reality!!!   They just don’t get it!!!
"Do the data tell you, why?" Interesting question.
I wonder what will happen when we go through a recession? Will it reverse and there won’t be enough jobs?
how all these people going to live?
Someone from de federal reserve talking about why people is quoting their jobs hahahahahahaha stop giving free money for Christ sake
Maybe interview actual working class people... Not 4 business owners and then the one worker u interview is a employee of the owner on this interview rofl.  It's a wage and work condition problem and that's it. Maybe it's time to start actually paying people for once and give them decent work conditions.   Trash journalism right here at it's finest....
Interesting fact not spoken about.   Companies are offering new employees more money than their existing employees get.
Who cares,Hunger cures all
This stuff they're talking about is not sustainable...sounds good now but not sustainable in the long run. My father told me in the 70's that America is becoming a service country and that is going to be an issue. Well it is and is an issue. We need to manufacture.
This is chosing to be blind to the problem... It's all about the MONEY 💰.  All these types of work are the lowest paying jobs with no benefits...
The sheer stupidy of CBS asking CEO'S the most over paid, useless, out of touch, idiots for their opinion...shows the idiocy n inanity of this program. Ask the workers - who work for disloyal companies, who use them to discard them at will, who want loyalty but give none.  The employees who are underpaid, uninsured, stressed beyond belief, made to reach for arbitrary #'s.  The wage disparity is the LARGEST in history since the MIDDLE AGES---- think about that.
HERE ON THE BIDEN BRANCH COVIDIAN WACKO PLANTATION, IF YOU DONT GET SHOT YOU GET FIRED AND BURNED. ITS A DEMOCRAT TACTIC. SEE: 4/19/93
Access transportation said if I'm white I'm inherently racist .I took my retirement in 2018..😆😅😃 F  U. Brent.
Gen Z woman quitting I have a crazy thought.. What IF! there are few pages where young woman get paid insane amount of money just to be pretty.. I know it's crazy but let's just not close our minds here..
PROPAGANDA
HERE ON THE BIDEN BRANCH COVIDIAN WACKO PLANTATION, IF YOU DONT GET SHOT YOU GET FIRED AND BURNED. ITS A DEMOCRAT TACTIC. SEE: 4/19/93
Simple. More money, more employees.
It’s a lack of manners, work ethic and respect. I was raised to take pride in my work, to do my best no matter what the job is. It has worked well for me. Few complaints. But we must also be humble, respectful and if we aren’t getting the same treatment then move on. We simply don’t have the manners that our grandparents had. We can all do better
hey that's real f%#kin' neato that you secured those interviews with... ::checks notes:: business owners/employers... but maybe you could have the due diligence to maybe reach out to some normal employees maybe get their opinion on what's always been known as THE GREAT RESIGNATION. You'd find some real opinions on why "nobody wants to work" and SURPRISE it's not the benefits during covid.
Propaganda sIave snit
Thanks to the idiot president 🙄
Government check they want easy money. Food Stamp and etc etc Etc..
Vax mandate and fearmongering is the reason.
Austin...affordable?
8.2% in Healthcare left because the mandated the vaccine on Healthcare workers and millions of said f**k that and left but the mainstream media and little documentaries like this won't tell you.
Why are workers quitting? Better ask the employers that they are fleeing from. This is like an exit interview where they ask the manager what the employee could have done better to not quit
I work four days a week ten hours a day. That schedule has kept me at my job.
I had a job in education and in health care.  They said the vaccine was mandatory and I choose not to take that at the present, so basically my livihood is taken away.  That is why I'm not working.
Lol try interviewing actual workers who are quitting. Swing and a miss
Pay more until you can attract talent, problem solved
One of the beautiful results of people not breeding like rabbits, thereby creating this labor shortage and higher wages.
"Bill Whitaker speaks with employers..."  If this was anything other that a piece of hack journalism meant to blame the exploited labor force then you'd think that you'd want to ask workers instead of the people who refuse to pay a livable wage.
I was working a thankless full-time assistant job at a public school making $15/hr. No opportunities for growth, couldn't make enough to pay down my debt, and basically risked my life riding my bike to work everyday in traffic. Quit my job to go full-time crypto and NFTs. Now I make more than what I made there without having to waste time commuting or taking orders from someone not invested in my success.
There has never been a “worker shortage”. It’s always been a “jobs that pay livable wage shortage” but admitting that puts fault with corporations. And, this isn’t a “worker” problem, it’s the companies fault for not keeping up with inflation and screwing over their employees. Y’all should’ve really done more research.
I was driving for UPS and believe me it’s slavery 400 packages and 200 stop a day just for 21 a hour I leave after 3 months I had no time to relax Monday to Saturday 9 to 9
Before I quit to be a stay at home mom , my degree got me $2 an hour over minimum wage. Now that i work around my kids schedule and work overnights, i work minimum wage. No vacation time. I return bottles I pull out of the trash to pay for toilet bowl cleaners to do my job. I'm burnt out
Cause some don’t want to work they want to rely on the government to give them what they think is needed to be handed to them
Bring in the immigrants, problem solved.
Gee, I wonder if vaccinations as a job requirement had anything to do with the mass exodus from jobs?
I don't want a job. I want to crawl in a tent and die.
I work @ a call center for a cable company in the retention dept - one of the worst jobs ever - over worked - under payed - call volume beyond manageable - micro managing- - a complete rip off n waste of time .
People don’t want to die working at Best Buys obvi!
FJB and Bidencrimefamily
People are sick of being slaves.
y'all can still dislike this video. There's an extension that lets you see the number of dislikes
the first woman is the reason people quit.Corporations have no clue what there doing. they probably pay this woman milions of dollars a year and she does nothing...while they pay everybody else pennies
Don't worry, all of the recent massive influx of undocumented workers will take care of at least the construction, landscaping, housekeeping and restaurant open positions !!! Thanks Joe Biden. LESS positions for actual Legal American Citizens. That's why the bottom of the barrel jobs still pay whatever the minimum wage is for any particular locality.
Vaccine mandates
power to the people
That's excuses just to quit because they can get salvation through Jesus Christ and that would sustain them
People finally got tired of being written up, having their hours cut, dealing with workplace drama and poor managers, no prospects for moving up in the company regardless of years spent working all for little money that can barely pay bills and buy food
They are tired of being treated like "wage slaves"  with no opportunity to prosper because the game is rigged against them!  Young people are looking at how hard working elderly people were cheated for decades and are being treated horribly now...use and lose mentality by corporations and the government.
The will of the heavens bound great change this one is major for some as in them having time to think and breath in order to make changes to their lives and futures.
How big are the raises ?? Maybe that’s why they can’t keep employees
Wow I used to like 60 minutes but it definitely seems like they're in the pockets of big corporations. How can you only interview ONE employee? Why not actually talk to the unemployed. I know you completely missed the point of why I quit... I definitely lost all respect for this program
Notice all workers interviewed are black women?  With the exception of the restaurant owner who is white.  This is intentional programming and propaganda for people to associate themselves with hiring successful people of color and not white people.  So easy to see through the MSM narrative.
Summation:   Employees are tired of being mistreated.
I completely understand why people are quitting, self care comes first and no one should have to deal with a toxic work environment, but how do people survive after they quit??
I am so glad I am financially sound and retired. I could stay home if needed because of this damn virus and made a great living as an RN before they quit paying great money . New hires are being paid like crap
As a quitting retail worker, I can tell you it is due to two factors. Low wages and poor working conditions.
Say it people the jab the jab is why people are quiting and that is it 100 percent.
CEOs, CFOs, shareholders and all the other higher-ups are confused as to why their employees are upset that they are getting paid a percentage of a penny on the dollar. They’re probably asking themselves what is the most they’re willing to pay their employees and still keep their second or third home. Most big white-collar corporations and businesses won’t hire an college graduate for a paid position unless they’ve put in 2-3 years of unpaid internship.
The problem is simply put is NOT a worker problem, it is a failure to pay people what they are worth.  FDR had this to say about minimum wage when he instituted it, "In my Inaugural I laid down the simple proposition that nobody is going to starve in this country. It seems to me to be equally plain that no business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country. By "business" I mean the whole of commerce as well as the whole of industry; by workers I mean all workers, the white collar class as well as the men in overalls; and by living wages I mean more than a bare subsistence level-I mean the wages of decent living."
It is because they want to make vaccine mandatory to keep their jobs. And no one wants to take the vaccine.
If these job vacancies are not getting filled, pls recruit from India. Here there is a great unemployment. Here and person from India will work 10x for pay of 1x, and be happy. Here in India, people know what is hunger, what is shelter. Pls foward those jobs in India
Over worked & under paid.
People are sick and tired of working hard for little money and being treated like property!  People are tired of being expected to live for there job and getting no loyalty in return!  This is a problem caused by employers that is finally coming back to haunt them!
Well I like to have something to do so I can’t quit ... but i do think about it... debt free except for home which is almost paid off. Enough savings and retirement to last me a very long time... employers request a 2 week notice when you’re leaving but don’t provide any notice when letting you go 🤔 I have a good job and a great boss, upper management is trying to do better mostly because of staffing or lack there off... do I sound like I’m trying to convince myself? I guess I am 😂
when housing is affordable workers will sign on. ever had a f t job +had to  live in your vehicle? corporations suck! +they have pushed the little guy completely out . its all bs!
#7300th
Nobody got enough stimulus money slash unemployment to quit their jobs....the state of inflation is grossly high...give me a break
Strange. A segment on uncovering why workers are quitting, but they interview 4 bosses and 1 worker.
My man said "generous benefits". It's the equivalent of 15 bucks an hour and it stopped way back in September
They got a taste of leisure during the Covid layoffs and liked it.
Maybe it has something to do with mandates? Not everyone wants your poison!! 💯
My son got fired  for having  covid
Forced jabs? Pretty sure some people don't want a vax.
From what I've seen, not many of them are offering better pay or substantial benefits.  They are offering temporary bonuses to try to get people in the door but workers want more than a few hundred dollars tossed at them for one paycheck.  They want a living wage, not a living paycheck to paycheck wage.  They want better work/life balance and they want flexibility.  Employers are trying to offer workers everything that spending money upfront will get them and nothing that investing in their workers will cost them over the long run.
Let me ask the obvious question, how much have these employers raised their offered wages? In a capitalist country/system, the system is supposed to be governed by supply and demand. Sounds to me like the supply of workers are current below the demand, time to step up the wages, benefits and/or conditions to lure employees to the businesses, and that still may not be enough. That is the way capitalism works.
I quit my job of 23 years because my employer doesn't care about it's employees.  Only the managers and supervisors in a clique got raises. While the rest of us lived paycheck to paycheck.  I opened my own business doing the exact same thing. And took half the customers away from them.
Maybe people are sick of welfare rats and feel its now there turn to be a burden on society
It might not be a "worker problem," but rather an American structural problem.
People are trading stocks, bitcoin and making Youtube from home.  that is the real reason why people quit.
I'm 37 and this seems wildly irresponsible to walk away from work and laugh about it
Ageism is a huge problem. We cannot get jobs online. We get kicked out when after being honest about our age. We need nonprofit organizations to help us.
What about all the American Workers who were forced to quit or were fired because of refusal of the Jab? Liberal Media again denies the obvious facts!!
But how are they surving witout earning any money at all?
Wrong!! Mostly boomers retired early because covid BS... Another thing Millennials are lazy stupid cry baby loser who do not want to work...
Because of the vaxxxxxxxxxx!
How are they going to have a conversation about why employees are quitting without asking employees 🍅🍅🍅🍅🍅
I work for family and I am ready to quit. Pay problem is the main reason other reasons are no flexibility and I am exhausted due to people not working . I am doing the work of the empty spots. The government stimulus did not help me like people her suggests. I can’t just walk away. I have no partner to fall to be able to quit.
Aren't all the people who were let go for refusing the vax mandate counted as quitting their job?  I know they didn't get fired, pretty sure it's counted as quitting.
Haven't you guys seen the videos of people losing their minds at minimum wage workers about having to wear masks etc? You couldn't pay me enough to deal with that.  Also, I'm a preschool teacher and we've barely been able to stay open due to teachers and kids getting sick so I'm sure people have a hard time getting child care.  Also, not everyone is offered health insurance or an affordable or even halfway decent plan. DURING A PANDEMIC.    People can't pay their $2k rent on $12 an hour. Especially with all this extra crap. No one should have to lower themselves for that.  Pay people what they're worth. Pay people what it is worth to deal with crazies and being coughed on all day with paid sick time and no health insurance.   Not a risk anyone should have to take.
Can't be the mandate.   Just saying
Dont forget millions were fired or walked away after being given no ultimatum to taking the vaccine
I didn't quit voluntarily I'm tired of it.  Overreach of the government has to stop, We need to take back this country   🇺🇲NOW🇺🇲. THE PEOPLE BY THE PEOPLE.  The government is here for us.  This is not a because we say so government.
Yea finally figured out working all your life is overrated.
Capitalism fails, cause it's spawned from slavery and increased slavery's prevalence when the planet is viewed as a wholistic system.  Part of our jobs as Americans, is to overconsume, so that the Capitalists can exploit more slaves in the global south to amplify their wealth from their investments.  Planned obsolescence, cyclical consumption, etc.  Infinite growth on a finite planet, and the financialization of everything.
this is a very anti-worker piece. You interviewed the Economist from Linkedin, three bosses and only one worker (who's boss was present). It didn't mentioned impediments to work such as childcare
Fake news media ignoring the elephant in the room again, and completely out of touch. Americans are choosing to quit their jobs in record numbers because of the Covid mandates.
Some manufacturing jobs hadn’t raised base rates in thirty years while CEO’s were busy deciding how many cars and houses they wanted to buy. Not to mention when the great mortgage crunch happened no bank manager was penalized while cops were turned into eviction police.  Savvy politicians turned blue collar black against blue collar white while laughing all the way to the bank.  People got a respite from all the bs with some unemployment benefits and good for them for running with it.  The job market was like the universe expanding that saw the Big Crunch.
YouTube is definitely trying to keep the dislikes hidden. It’s not a worker problem. Us workers no longer allow the employers exploit us
They just kinda breezed past the childcare issue related to the female resignation stats.
Restaurants, construction jobs, retail. All jobs that don't offer good health insurance, benefits, PTO, or pay, not to mention the employee relations. Not surprised the people you're interviewing here can't find people to work.
Back in the day slaves got 3 hots and cot.   Today employees get 3 shots and a cop
Because they don’t want mandatory vaccine
And I thought I was the only one who felt this way!
I'm 50 /50 millanels and gen zs are a  nightmare at times to employ. Also, u have ap bunch of clown that think having a youtube channel is a savior that's a huge problem
So rent in jersey is 1500 for one bedroom apartment but they only paying ppl 15 dollars how they want ppl to live
I love how they failed to mention the straw that broke the camels back, no one want these "vaccine" mandates no matter how you feel about the shots themselves
Vaccine mandate ?? Just saying .... Stay Safe Folks ✌️
What a bunch of corporate media nonsense
You didn’t think to interview anyone that resigned?
I need work and im a hard consistent worker and Target didnt keep me and let me go for being seasonal.
Our country has adapted the mentality that if you are in customer service or hospitality you are a servant and treated like sh#t. We need to start teaching manners and gratitude for those who keep all those places you love to eat or shop open. Customers are NOT always right…. Customers are mostly self centered idiots
Its a money issue! Pay more !get what u pay for! Nobody is excited to go to a minimum wage job that can't buy a house ,pay the bills and buy groceries 😑
Say whatever you want to.  The fact of the matter is I love my Joe Biden.  He's everything that we have right at this moment.
Retail cannot pay enough to live on, working in health requires testing and vaxx + boosters ( I already have an auto immune disease). Private duty health care clients are few & far between even though I am told the jobs are there. Many do not the particular skills/ training for remote work. On line "jobs" are mostly scams, I found this out the hard way. I would love to be able to work remotely and visit different places but I don't expect that to happen
I'll tell you why...what's the point of working when every week someone claims covid.  Or threatened with upcoming mandates...the news has done their job in planting the fear, people are afraid to be next to each other, loved ones are even dying alone. This propaganda has become an abomination!!!!
Did 60min really just do a video on people quitting and not interview any people who quit there jobs? Solely interviewing business owners... totally one sided and honestly fully BS make me want to quit my job RIGHT NOW
People go where the money at hello your paying 12 dollar a hour and yet the next county paying 15 hello
It’s not worth it when you have to serve some of the rudest generations in history.
People are quitting because the Dems made so that people made more money on unemployment than if they worked.
Hats off to those able to leave! I know many people who cant
Dislike.  60 minutes is out of touch with everything  Employers are out of touch with what's going on
People  R scared to get that virus that's killing so many, some R devastated& depressed because they lost a loved one, some want to be near their kids & teach them, if they don't return to school I think. Some R maybe thinking, "if this'll virus is killing so many , what if I'm next? I'd rather spend my time with my kids"
Dislike
If employers don't exist there is no need for employees. Let's see how many entrepreneurs are really out there
After a decade of retirement, I took a job in a grocery store at what  I felt was pretty good pay for an unskilled job. People are constantly coming and going. It appears to me that schedule flexibility is a key factor in whether one stays or not.  Hard for employers to manage.
Company’s pay less but Expect you to work more and break your back for them for what. Everything is going up but ur paycheck.
Is about time that workers/employees are the ones in the driver seat.
Bad bosses, toxic sabatoging Co-Workers.  The companies are not loyal.  Also, many bosses will not give us a great recommendation. Many of the positions are virtual.
And it is hilarious that YouTube doesn't let you give a thumb down.
It’s a sellers market in housing and an employee market in the workforce.
Employers abandoned us during the pandemic, didn’t offer support, they are profit first so what is the issue if we put ourselves first?
I’m looking for a job to work from home and I can’t find one
People! Take this very seriously! don't let them get you down! The percentages they are talking about iis associated with population. when your grandparents were raising kids there used to be 6:10 kids per family? now there is two at the most? but more families!tells us we have more in the workforce? which you would have higher percentages when it comes to people quitting or fired? take that in consideration! just saying!
The question is where are the quitters getting their money? There is a false sense of compensation. When the quitters do have to get a job they will be out of luck
Unemployment is the peoples money, they take our money,  so please stop with the government benefit BS.
This is incredibly lazy journalism. Not a single independent worker interviewed. Also, you want to know when the peak of the pandemic was? TODAY! There are over 1 MILLION active cases. Jesus Christ. This is what we get when we let Boomers investigated The GREAT Resignation.
It's as if they don't want to mention that the largest issues are in the service industry where their business models are built on not paying people enough to live.
how do pay the rent with no job
Asking a marketing expert if they know they’re part of a trend.  That’s hysterical!
What a hack job this peice is. You should be embarassed but at this point I dont think any of you in can even feel shame
Cause yall expect 10/10 service at 1/10 pay and respect
Doubled your company's revenue but did you increase your employees wages year after year? There isbyoyr problem. An employer problem, not employee.
First video I've seen on youtube without even "one" dislike.....
this guy did a better job than you tired old dinosaurs… https://youtu.be/kpNIYThPPZA
Offer respect for workers, good training, decent pay, and no fear of retaliation if they need to take days off due to sickness or other issues.
People don’t want to WORK for  low pay when the cost of living is so high!!!!   They prefer to go to school and get a better paying job.
"its a worker problem"- an employer
The problem is we need people for these jobs. If ppl stopped working, even those that quit realize someone has to do it. It's almost like a game of chicken to see who will cave first, society, or the companies. But what some of this generation has created is the "be your own boss" mentality. When you see streamers and social media stars getting famous and rich, and young entrepreneurs striking gold it motives ppl to do what they like doing also.
I’ll tell you why, because we are sick of getting told lies about the conditions of our jobs, the pay rate of those jobs,  and being lied to about things as important as to which job position they will let you have if you work there. I had all three of these things improperly told to me time and time again and quite frankly I deserve better and so does anyone else who has ever been treated that way
must be only to highly Caucasian  uneducated lie myself  people cause I'm a unemployed disabled veteran still can find a job in my field cyber security
The backlash against Gilded Age 2.0 has begun.
Six minutes in and no mention of the vaccine mandate
Jobs are open where mandates and theft of freedoms are practiced.
Employers want you to sign an AT-WILL employment agreement, yet they want your absolute loyalty -- free time/nights/weekends, body, well-being, soul, on-call without pay, etc. What's there to not like about work?
The most of NO  closed captions this 60 minutes all the times! Terrible!
SNAP benefits came out; they all got $1359 and $1500 bonus pmt...so why work stupid ?
People don't want the shot.
Many workers who suffered from Covid-19 and their family members filed for SSDi  which according to Social Security Rules, they are entitled to Disability, a new trend, plus PPP Fraudulent Loans, Child Care Credits and Snap EBT Benefits allow many to sell these food benefits for those with several kids to start their own business in the drug market etc  it is just my opinion?
I dream of being able to walk away but I'm single so I got to work
I Quit also . Today I m staying in Mexico left the state. Why play a game in which I give my life and they keep taking and taking until there is nothing to take.So we are awake ,Next we will choose again..
Vaccine mandates duh
I'm very surprised that the comments were not turned off on this one. South Florida resident here, I work for a landscaping company has an irrigation technician. And as far as this great resignation is concerned this is news to me. Had no idea about this. No such thing has remote in my occupation.
They're prepping. No time to spend all day away from their purpose.
Americans are quitting their jobs in record numbers because the corporatization of this country has made life an unfulfilling rat race, something that humans were not designed for.
Pretty poor investigative skills considering this was 60 Minutes. You can and absolutely should do better.
I worked in retail for the same company for 24 years! I decided to quit and take some time for myself! I’ve decided I don’t need to work as hard as I use to work! Besides the company I worked for didn’t help or seem to care that I had no workers and therefore I was working myself to death and on a set salary with no increase in salary in sight! I haven’t signed up for anything bc I had some money saved up! I couldn’t have done it if I had a family but it’s just myself!
Linked in what
how are these people living without a  paycheck?
"[The workers] just aren't out there." Lmao like they all disappeared into things air 🤣
Employees should always hold the pen.  They perform the labor that brings value to the company.
No one wants to work that hard for bread crumbs. Some of the hardest physical labor jobs are among the lowest paying jobs. Take a ramp agent for a major airline for instance. That’s one of the most physically demanding labor jobs and they only get paid like $15/hour and must output 3x the energy of most general labor positions. Physical laborers need to get paid for the amount of energy they output because these people have to go home and care for their families, do their chores, cook dinner, take care of themselves, and they just don’t have any energy left over to live a quality life. In a developed country, quality of life does matter. Employers just have to accept it. They’ve been in control long enough and look what they’ve done with it, they’ve froze wages while the costs of everything around us soared. They started making more money than ever and capitalized on those rising profits rather than invested anything back into their workforce. It was really irresponsible. When you neglect your workers, eventually they will bite back.
Because they've had lousy bosses.  My first job; the accounting deparment was crooked.  90 percent of the company had to layoff after my first year.  Second job, paranoid boss that someone would replace him.  Used me for my knowledge then got rid of me after one year,   Shady bosses.  3rd boss.  Wanted to date me (he was married).  Asked through the middle manager for us all to go out as a group on Friday nights.  Turned him down, 1 month later I'm being told I'm fired.  I just shrugged my shoulders on that one and then they did an about face, afraid I was going to sue them.  So I decided to get married.  Much easier to deal with just one man.  I love marriage and think it gets a bad wrap.  Helped him with his career.  He then had the bar chicks come out of nowhere and left me for one of them.  My daughter and I were left homeless in the beginning of the pandemic.  People are tired of all the unethical stuff that goes on out there.  We need to revisit famly and basic values in this country.
It's the frontline jobs.
maybe pay more
3rd world America.
Funny they interview business and corporate owners and only one employee
Low paying jobs I see why they quit
The vaccine mandates play a huge role. People don't want to be forced to get an experimental medical procedure done to keep their jobs...
Who tf is calling it "The Big Quit"?
-Hey lets do a piece on "The Great Resignation" of employees. -Sure who should we interview? -CEOs and Executives.  -What about employees? -Tell an owner to bring 1 that giggles through every sentence. That should cover it. -Perfect.
Most of them don't deserve employees.
not in DC!
I resigned my 70k a year job on June and I’m glad I did. I was burned out. Working 50+ hours a week and spending less time with my children. I just missed being a dad and husband. So we moved from North Carolina to Colorado and I’m just now ready to go back (7 months later). We will see how it works out. If not I am not scared to say “I’mma head out”
This is the employers fault for treating people like' chattel slaves' for decades and getting away with it. And there are states that have companies that can terminate employees at will " The right to work law" is very anti worker leaning.. And many companies are very anti-union too. That and there is one more thing called "the internet"... people can see a lot of things work related and act on it. ... fast!!! this didn't exist thirty or forty years ago....I don't feel sorry for them (employers) at all!!!
bruh dont come to florida, its just bad, too many people, too much traffic, really high living costs.
"Who can explain..." Not you out of touch twits.
Stop the Welfare that LBJ started in the 60's.
pay us better! this is not complicated.
Solid hack job of a serious topic.
I decided to retire in 2021 at the age of 38 and I don’t plan on working for anyone again.
Lie it's bec of the vaccine yo!!! Stop try to fool ppl😪😒
Did not quit !! Part's stuck on ship's remember ?? Where's the sign on bonus job's ?? I'm ready to work been to 6 interviews in 2 week's ....
The vaccine mandates aren't helping anything.  People don't like to be forced into crap they genuinely don't want.  Went from essential and working through the entire pandemic to bend over and take this shot or you're trash.  The hypocrisy was noticed.
*END the covid mandates!!!!!!!* It's literally the only thing keeping me out of the workforce!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NOT all.... BUT ALOT of kids these days are just lazy.... MY Grampa worked in  the mines.... THAT's WORK.. I drove truck 45 years....STOP WELFARE NOW! MAKEM' GET A JOB!!!!!! Lady @ 9:00 put the burden on her husband....Thanks hun
Employers are too comfortable underpaying and abusing their employees. I left my previous job back in September. I was doing the job of 2 and wanted to ask for a bigger that 5% raise at my yearly. I saw that I was getting paid 20k a year under what others in my position were making and when they refused to adjust my rate to meet the market. I immediately found a job willing to pay 29k more a year than my last job and it's easier too. I learned that I should keep track of what my position pays over time and 3 - 5% raises are unacceptable when switching jobs can yield better gains.
Way to glaze right over the vaccine mandates. Fake news by information omission.
I'll work again as soon as I'm not forced to wear a mask or get vaccinated.
For me it's *COVID MANDATES!!!!!!*
Americans are just way too lazy  and entitled
Mandates. No health insurance. Long hours. Low pay. Want me to continue with my list?
I got fired by Amazon for refusing to suffocate in a soggy mask in their hot warehouse. I'm now homeless with my cat in an old broken down RV on the street full of toxic mold, and without electricity or running water. I'm severely depressed, drowning in debt, and full of rage.
I can't do masks, and won't get vaccinated. Employers don't want someone like me.
Employers want as much as they can get from you as a employee, and in return they want you to work 12 hours a day 5 and 6 days a week. working 12 hour shifts is absolutely crazy to me i'm giving you 12 hours out of a 24 hour day and  that doesn't include  travel time to and from work and then in order to function you need at least 8 hours of sleep so that leaves you 4 hours of personal time, where is the work life balance? and what kind of health will you be in when your done working all of these hours?
thats everyone is broke and homeless
I love how they just keep side stepping the massive huge giant elephant in the room
Find what makes you happy
lol It's not a worker problem.  Nice try though.
Just get rid of the mask and vaccine mandates, and I'll start working again tomorrow.
I've got an idea.... How about a 4 day work week! That'll help alot psychologically! If you don't pay people their worth, why should they work for you?
Covid mandates are what's keeping me out of the workforce. I can't do masks, and I won't get vaccinated.
People FINALLY realize that work is what YOU make it. If your work sucks, it's YOUR fault. Change it. Now.
Jobs treat u like crap..what do you expect? Ive seen jobs that pay $30 per hour losing people...why? Running people in the ground..less benefits..harsh treatment forced ot.... Of course who needs a low wage job? ...who wants that?...sometimes u got to pay more! Treat people right... When people get 1k per week for free...then they realize heck..they will never go back to a low paying job again...then u have to also consider the people who are plain lazy..lol
Because people are getting more on unemployment
It's deeper than I think you realize. I know it is. We're in a "Matrix" of lies and media manipulation. Rockefeller Foundation, Carnegie Endowment, CIA, BRITISH "ROYAL" BAFOON FAMILY, QUEEN OF THE NETHERLANDS, W.E.F., Bill Hates. These are the ones doing this to us, I swear to God. Fauci works for Bill Gates and (The New Wor1d 0rder), not for us, like he's supposed to. Every single Biden/Obama nominee to government is extremely dangerous, if given power. But they are dumb. I swear to you, they all need to hang... asap. This was indeed a bio-weaon (cold virus). They made it. Fauci literally has his fingerprints all over it and with Big P[harm]a. The "vax" was created beforehand. Just like Event 201 in New York, in OCTOBER 2019?? 👏 Do you realize what the odds of that not being connected are? A pandemic drill about how all the elites and corporations would respond in *Lockstep* with the 'Democrat' group in the "government." A pandemic revolving around the corona virus..... Do you get it yet? They don't care if you see it in the open because they know most people don't pay any attention and they think you're so weakened from *Learned Helplessness* that you will do nothing. The NW0 is led by a team of psychologists and psychotherapists who have extensive decades of secretive research (funded by you and I) on how to effectively brainwash individuals and groups. The movie Endgame is actually the planned future for basically every single one of us. It's been secretly put into literally dozens and dozens of Hollyweird movies. Think about the book Moonraker for example. And the movie... Intelligence agencies have worked for the crown of England all along and are operated by secret Rockefeller type networks. This is literally the same exact robber barrons of old, who made us all extremely poor already... remember the people who were so big and evil and they were supposed to be "broken up?" They weren't.... not actually. They want us to eat bugs and die--living in our own coffins. I kid you not. Do not bank with JP Morgan Chase. Do not bank with anyone affiliated with the Federal Reserve System. Do not take the mark. Do not take their injections. Stand up for yourselves and if enough of us stand up for ourselves, we will all make it through this okay. Together is the only way. They are trying to divide us because individually, they know they can win. But together we could just SWAT the flies. God bless all of you.
My work keeps hiring non cdl licensed drivers and getting box trucks they can legally drive. They ran into their first problem last night. They were in a bind and asked if I could take a run out. I looked at the boss and said maybe you should get one of these highly skilled non licensed drivers to do it. I went home laughing.
After working from home and having better flexibility and work life balances, we don’t want to go back to the office. We also don’t want to settle for toxic workplaces.
We all can't be lazy freeloading government workers.  We are done paying all these idiots.
We are done paying for these corrupt politicians. They all need to go
I walk away from my job April 2020 and lived overseas or 7 months... I was burned out..
Look over history the workers always win except nowadays heads won't be rolling
It started from.the jab or job threats!
If this is about The Big Quit, then why didn't you interview any people who quit their jobs? Or perhaps people who quit and started a business?
Terrible reporting.
Wait til the employers claw back control lol
Makes sense, people at beginning and end of careers.   Least invested etc.  Sooner or later America will adopt a more labor friendly workplace. As is, people have been sweating far too long for far too little.
Very good.
when did half the country become black lol
Whoops you forgot to interview workers.
I know it sounds extreme but why is an 8 hour day a work day still?  That's 8 hours of work, 9 hours recommended sleep and an average of just under 2 hours drive time on average. So out of 24hours of life you get 6 of that
Somebody at 60 Minutes favorite coffee shop is low on staff and they want to world to know how upset they are about it.
Stay home guys, I'll take the job so you dont have to.
It’s obviously entitlement. Every place I’ve worked in the last 4 years has had a hard time keeping people because so many want to get paid for working how they want to work not their employers and then constantly complaining saying things like they aren’t getting paid enough for this. While others have to work twice as hard to make up for their lack of responsibility and self respect. The people who do that extra work end up taking management jobs and getting paid more while the others end up quitting and end up coming back in a few weeks to start over. It doesn’t help that the government will pay people to sit at home so they don’t have the motivation to do any real work. Ambition is dying.
Pay your workers, really pay them. Show some laws actually protecting them. Or stop your crying
FJB He did this....
If renevating your house,  Focus on the home office.  Thank me later
This is a horrible and pathetic bit.  Shame on you 60 Minutes.  Pathetic.
Well let's see. If you receive woke training at your company they just told you others will be promoted over u based on race.  With inflation, what's the point in working if your basically working  to barely make it or less than that.  Companies can do whatever they want and get away with it. The dol does nothing anymore to help out workers.  The politicians throw away your money to other countries that you work so hard for.  I know when I worked 73% of my pay I never got see, 73%!!!!!
Dislike
I need a career please somebody help construction sounds good
because  " let's go Brandon "
Last time I checked it wasn’t these corrupt corporations that built America.
If you stop the immigration ponzi scheme, employers are forced to increase wages. This is a good thing, not a bad thing.
Mandates from a Administration made up of woke morons...
Why not open your jobs to asian. Hire employees from Asia like Philippines. They can speak english and willing to start a life in US.
Well done to American people (Employees)who don't want to be a puppet of Employer and work like slaves that is the power of public 99% against 1%.
this is trash. u somehow managed to miss all the reasons and failed to explain the points of this movement. additionally making it seem like the great resignation is a bad thing. its only bad for u leeches not us.
People are realizing their worth, and tired of wage theft by these awful employers.  It's not rocket science and employers better get it together,, if you can't afford to pay a living wage to every employee,  then you have a bad business plan and deserve to go out of business.... looking at you- cheap crappy chain restaurants
As someone who worked for companies most my life, suck it. You abused us.
Most places say help wanted but will not because they are getting subsidies until they are full operational, so they stay open with less staff, make the same money, and get money from the government. That's what it is!
Well, since comments are ON...I quit way before CoViD to focus on myself, family, and just to learn. Too many life lessons were getting ignored from being immersed in so much work. I used to sleep in a storage room at my job. Cardboard bed, and bubble wrap blanket. Years prior, my friend and I once pulled a forty-two-hour day to prep for an office move. Staying awake for thirty hours came easy, and I even slept in a shipping box during a datacenter move. Now I do home improvements for family and sit outside chatting with a crow that visits me. Someday, I will leave the US for good, so this time is important. *Fix it folks, before this country is completely broken.*
I walked out of Bath and Body right before Christmas. I didn't even make enough to afford a decent Christmas for my children this year. It broke my heart. And I caught the manager talking crap on employees more than once. Loudly and shamelessly. People quit all season long so you're always short staffed, because it's not a great experience watching the managers get in on all of the sales, while you as a regular employee, are barely eating. Shove it is right. 💁‍♀️
This is garbage reporting for 60min.  Do better at journalism you clown’s. You interview mostly employers and not employees who actually quit who are in your comment section telling you why.
garbage episode. they make "worker" a problem. disgusting servitude to stupid capitalism. people quit because they are  treated VERY poorly .
What this country needs is a damn big depression.  It's coming.., oh! It's coming ! 😆😆😆
The construction company guy "double his revenue", so did he double employee benefits and pay too?  Im guessing not.  I would only work somewhere if it was union.
Maybe because people are busy being evicted from hoarded housing and rental market.
Choosing?!?! They are getting FIRED for not getting the shot... let’s go brandon....
Dislike 👎🏾
They're really mostly not offering better pay. Who said that?
I've been working remote for a hospital for almost 11 years now. Love it and can't imagine ever working in office again.
Worked for Navy Federal Credit Union during the pandemic. They made a boat load of promises, and failed to keep every single one. When I brought up a concern, they said "things would get better." I stayed there nine months, 3 of which were as a contractor. When I came on "full time" I was offered a 9 cent raise..... 9 cents. There were full time employees with worse stats than me, yet I was treated as a third class citizen. I didn't have proper health insurance, no essential benefits. I was not given the night or weekend benefits that the full time employees were. And I didn't find that out from management, I had to find that out from another employee. I was told there would be opportunities for advancement and professional development, and if anything the "development" made me feel worse. When I brought that up to my manager he said "well, there will be other opportunities." You are a number to them. The turnover rate is 70%. And they continue to think it's an "employee" problem while the CEO makes millions.
This was not done justice. This is the great resignation, so where are the interviews with independent workers?
Rhe best thing to do is to work for yourself because the way employer treat employees is disgusting. My advice to all women and men save ur money and quit working for people, u would not regret it.
"There is no office that could offer me what I have in my house."  Now that's putting employers on notice and if you can't offer that type of freedom you either won't get the worker you want or retain their employment.
I quit my job after.i was fired due to age ageism! I have been doing gig work,living in the woods in a converted shed so much more peace! Thanks 😊
I think the reasons are obvious.😂
Well maybe these corporations would have people if they weren't treating us like we are numbers and disposable. I waisted 15+ years of my life and what has this really done for my life??? I still don't drive or have a car and home ownership is a dream at this point. Might as well just enjoy my time on Earth while I'm here.
No unemployment check for months, and months.
Is this administration forced the people with the jab
Employers been screwing over their employees for decades no raises no promotions no benefits. Now there offering the lower income all these great benefits and pay however the middle class is getting shafthere's getting shafted. There has still been no pais still been no pain increase within the middle class it's Flash that makes any real difference for them.
I remember an employer once telling a bunch of us that if you don't like it go flip burgers somewhere. This is with a bunch of police officers who were tenured. I bet that agency has a different thought about this now
Yeah you know what's really not good? The fact that these people are moving to these small towns and droves, which is driving up the rents to where people that previously lived here can't afford to live anymore. It's really bad
What is WORKSBEE
Wait until truck drivers start to resign…  Then you will see what madness really looks like.
Y'all are ridiculously tone deaf. Why not interview - you know, actual workers? You think CEO's and executive suits will have a well reasoned answer other than "I don't like it because its making me choose between buying a third yacht or paying health care for my workers, and I really want that yacht."
The public arent just  rude anymore they r also contagious.
I SURE ENJOYED the approach that was taken in THIS AMERICAN STORY , It’s a  RARE but REFRESHING and  POSITIVE VIEW 👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿Even though who's calling the shots behind the scene !
NURSES ARE AT THE BRINK! A ICU BED, IS JUST A BED ~ WITHOUT A ICU NURSE!
That last one is the kind of woman I want. A woman so busy that I can be busy too without her being clingy and making me spend time with her.
Go on the dole. But what happens when nobody is paying for the dole cause everyone is on it?
Restaurante don’t pay their employees and waitresses need to relay is tips what should be a bonus for their good service that is why no one wants be a server
How do you go from a population having jobs to not wanting jobs. Food on the table??? "Burnt Out?" Is a lie, that's the lie her handlers sent her out to tell. What's really going on????
Applications for Months!!! I Think It's Because Of My Age!!! Or, They Check My Facebook Page???
Sorry to bring politics into everything but it just happens that Greenville is a very Republican area and that's why they are that busy. And doing so well.
You know what? I don't need this job or the BS that comes with it. Its time to go.   They are not coming back because the pandemic shown them something differnet. Sure the Govt offered better benefits & compensation. Guess what. Bills got paid. People started making left turns & found other carrers of what they like to do. Nobody wants to go back to working in garbage.  Its not the job. Its the people.
This really is a multi pronged issue.  Many businesses closed and with the unemployment boost, people were able to live on less, and be happy. In some cases they were making more to stay home.  Many made life style changes to consolidate and be less reliant on working. We have also seen an increase in remote work. Many have taken that opportunity to move to a more favorable location for them, while being able to continue to work.  Many changed careers entirely.  I don't see it so much as an employer problem. I know many companies who are short staffed, and their wages and benefits are top notch.  Many employers have had limited hours of operation, decreased services etc. Supply chain issues have also stifled many industries to fully bounce back.  If we look at labor participation rates, we are at the lowest point since the 1970's. If you are not considered participating then you aren't getting counted an unemployed.  For the skilled labor force, this is a great time.
You could not give a good report if you're life dependent on it
And media stories like this that continue the delusion of capitalism and ignore the realities are why everyone is so done with their companies and done with media folks like yourselves. I hate it here.
This piece is so incredibly one sided. This piece is supposed to be about why workers are quitting but 4 out of the 5 people you interviewed ARENT WORKERS. THEYRE BUSINESS OWNERS. I am at a loss of words for how terrible this piece was at following high school level research process. Imagine making a piece on segregation and interviewing 4 white pepper and 1 black guy. This is borderline propaganda.
I worked for a corporate job for 5 years. I left my job after they decided to give me a raise.. of only .10 cents. What an insult. That didn’t even cover inflation. I found a better job making 40% more than what I made at my old job. Employers aren’t loyal to employees and I am all for more employee protections. It’s the little guys doing all the work while the big bosses are making all the money.
Obviously, Robert Kiyosaki's Rich Dad Poor Dad book has been read by these millions of job quitters and they are like, "we must get out of the E quadrant while we still can."😮‍💨😬🤔
And don't forget police that are stupid bullys that have no control so y stay n country places
Gee,  let's see.  Low income employees got tons of covid money, the media pushes gloom and doom that is often blatantly FAKE gloom and doom, and everyone with a pulse knows Biden and the ChiCom Democrats stole the 2020 election.  When there are no rules,  what is the point of working through an upcoming Civil War or ww3 with Communist China, or under a fraudulent government?  We lost another guy last week in a machine shop!  Younger, entitled,  found a higher paying gig, and off he went.   #FJB
Imagine only interviewing one worker about a worker-centric issue. Worst journalism I've seen in a while.
60 minutes is doing us dirty. Shame on you 60 minutes. We deserve better.
Fauci gave the world A I D S  Trump signed Operation Ward Speed gave Big Pharma power over government. SSRIS alters the brain it has a short live span and when it leaves the bodies people feel like they going crazy getting off this poison. Our food chains is 90% Modified GMOs saturated with pesticides why would anyone believe into a government and health care systems that have been bombarding humanity with chemical biological warfare ?!? 💉⚰️⏳
Dislikes are not being counted!!!!!!
I've been working a job with pay that's lower than I'm worth and finally got a 3% raise after waiting a year and a half for a pay increase. That raise was included in the reduction of my vacation time being reduced by 20% and profit sharing being revoked.  I'm now being compensated considerably less than I was before my raise. The company I work for doesn't deserve me, and I'll be looking for another job after what they've done.
Because the new requirements & it's easier to be unemployed
Businesses operate as though their own employees are the bad guys. Almost every yearly review I have ever got focuses on what I got wrong or where I could be better. Not on the fact I did the work of three people, or that I managed 2 million in inventory, or that my teams morale was the best out of all the other teams. Businesses used to offer pensions, or a pay that made more sense based on the current economy. There are a slew of problems. There are a lot of jobs that want the employee to live to work. Available any time of the day even if you have kids or family to take care of with a schedule. I have pride to a small degree in my country, but we are not the best in anything good. People want to be paid better, a better schedule, or benefits that don't keep rising in cost. I know I am rambling, but people are tired of being treated this way. People are treated like they can give and give to a company, but the company doesn't do the same. Ceo's get raises that are more than 100's of people in their own company typically make in a year. I get the position is high stress to a degree, but these people make so much they could work 10 years and have more than their people will earn in their whole life, and live way better.
Well if they mandate vaccines for employment, their will be 80 million vacancies. They wouldn't have quit, the government will have sacked them.
Noone wants to work at the same job for 20 plus years anymore. It's old fashioned and we don't live in that Era anymore. American People are looking to improve thier quality of life. Not the quality of work they think signed up for. More and more are learning that real fast.
6:41
Very disappointed in this video. Only a business owners ( one exception) interview.
Everyone is quitting because no one!!  NO ONE wants to pay the extreme taxes from the BOZO administration.
This pandemic taught me that TIME is my most valuable asset and it needs to be compensated and valued.
And I still can't get a job. Man I suck at life.
Billionaires are making record profits, working class are struggling more and more...   At this point not many care..
"They found a job fit their lifestyle better."  Translation -  they found job that pays adequately and doesn't run them into the ground as the restaurant industry tends to do.
High gas prices, rent/home ownership, groceries, etc. We’re heading into a recession all over again.
Cuz y’all don’t pay us
That was garbage after the first 1:03. Stopped watching.
Dislike Button might be gone, But comments are still here. 😈😈😈
That old statement Your lucky to have a job...this is were the problem starts. Indirect threat of job security from employers
Way to slob on that capitalist knob
Tired of making money for someone else?
Wow. Really 60 Minutes!? Nothing about poverty wages, poor working conditions, no guaranteed paid sick leave or paid paternity leave. Lack of access to health care. A minimum wage that has stayed at $7.25 while executive salaries have skyrocketed beyond belief. Jeff Bezos added THIRTEEN BILLION dollars to his stash of wealth in just ONE DAY of the pandemic while his workers weren't allowed to call in sick, sit down, or earn enough money to meet life's basic necessities. Frankly, you've entirely missed the mark on this opportunity, 60 Minutes. You should have interviewed workers, not owners of businesses. I hope you'll run a follow-up piece but I won't hold my breath. By the way, general strike starts May 1st. #maydaystrike and don't forget to join your local union!
Since the times of slavery at $0 per hour, minimum wage has only increased $7.25 and some employers require a bachelor's degree and 4+ years experience to qualify for that wage.
Why work when the government pays a person more to stay home?🤷🏽‍♂️
you guys said it - service industry workers are getting tired of being treated poorly.  the service industry only stood on the fact that the public used to respect each other.  "the customer is always right" is the worst thing to happen to customer service.
Does anybody else remember when 60 Minutes had journalistic integrity? This bit of one-sided anti-worker agitprop could have been sponsored by the Heritage Foundation and been no less biased than it is.  The next time you do a story about workers, try talking to some workers. We already know what the bosses are saying.
Biden isn't to blame as this has been happening most of my adult life. Vaccine mandates are not to blame because again...this has been happening most of my 40 plus years on this planet. Trump..(yes Trump) 1500 dollar give away didn't make people say 'i quit my job' as that's barely rent in some places... The blame is squarely on inflation...companies that don't want to pay and the government who is in bed with those companies
Sure, there’s lots of jobs, but you have to be vaxxed, you’re on the front line, the pay is low, and society has fallen apart regardless of your opinions.
Plz American dont believe this fkn propaganda of the media machine..There was plenty of blue coller job that That yr fk up Biden  sign off on to stop projects of pipeline oil worker etc..its chain reactions...😡🖕...
abolish capitalism
All LIES to bring in more illegals
Maybe next time interview EMPLOYEES about why they are quitting and not EMPLOYERS….
I have applied for over 150 jobs, all of which I am qualified for, and have only received two interviews.  This job market is total B.S.
Garage job ,bad payment, rent high ,life only one ?
The pride of employers acting like kings is at an end. There’s have been cold and dismissive of good people. They have to recognize that *if you take care of your employees, they will take care of your customers*. Nobody can be “above” or “beneath” another, we MUST respect the needs of others as equal to our own.   This is a revolution, and revolutions are a reaction to injustice. History has shown that the oppressed always outnumber and do overcome their oppressors. So let us cease oppression and seek to be fair, kind, generous, and understanding.
Automate low paying jobs and start salaries from 50k.
Companies like best buy cut record breaking profit in 2020 21 and still laid off 5k employees during the lockdowns.
Anyone else notice there's only one white person they talk to ?
The pay they are offering too should have happened 10years ago and honestly 20years ago.
NOT DEPLETED THEY ARENT OFFERING BETTER PAY ILL SEND YOU MY SCHEDULE AND SHOW HOW THEY ARE CUTTING MY HOURS DESPITE DOING 30K IN BUISNESS AT A RESTAURANT A DAY. AND THAT CAME FROM CORPRATE .
Dislike
Good. If you can make it without a job right now, and live with a family member . Do it! And this is coming from someone who works overnight stocking at a grocery store that DESPERATELY needs more workers. My employer made more money in 2020-2021 and barely gave a raise. I hope these companies implode.
Low wages, High cost of living (NYC) Clot shot mandates are the reasons why people are quitting.
wow, to think that in South Africa jobs are scarce the unemployement rate is high and we tthink less about our well-being we focused on finding unfullfilling jobs,i command the americans
saying that people are leaving their jobs to follow their dreams is such a long stretch. People are leaving their jobs because people are not getting paid enough to deal with the BS that is customer service and dealing with the public on a daily basis. Perhaps tired of getting emotionally abused, underpaid, overworked, replaceable, disposable, and just generally sick of feeling like all of our freedoms revolve around working over pennies.
I program for a living and have been working at home since the pandemic. I agree with what the last lady said. I have a 38" curved monitor, got my two computers, I've got an entire setup which I'm not going to have in the office. And not losing 3 hours every day commuting? It's a no-brainer. I can walk my dog at lunch time. I save so much money. I'm not ever going back!
I'll be getting fired if they pass the mandatory vax laws. Then so be it. I'll start my own company
Wait...I thought bidens administration said that unemployment is at record lows???
I got fired because I wasn't gonna jab myself with the faucy ouchie
I dislike this video.
hint: Pay and treat workers better
This is a terrible episode, everyone has already talked about what this was poorly done. Do better.
I love it when these locust filled colostomy bags pretend to be people, as IF they understand why their employees are quitting while smiling in their overpriced suits and a fat bank account ahaha. /spit  EDIT: And instead of asking THE PEOPLE THAT QUIT WHY THEY ARE QUITTING they are talking to THE EMPLOYERS for information. GOOD JOB 60 Minutes, you people are absolute geniuses. D I S L I K E
What a corporate propaganda piece. Meanwhile the US is the only industrialized nation in the world that doesn't have federally guaranteed PTO. FFS Iran has 54 vacation and holiday days a year! IRAN!!   Federal minimum wage has not been increased in two decades, having stagnant at $7.25, yet the cost of living in this country has skyrocketed, especially post-Recession housing costs.  There is not a single state in this country where you can afford housing on your own at minimum wage. Minimum wage workers deserve the right to survive just as much as anyone else.    Retail and hospitality industries are some of the most abused workers in this country - not only are they underpaid, but they are abused not only by their employers with unrealistic demands, but by CUSTOMERS - especially since the onset of the pandemic. Service industry minimum wage for waitstaff is $2.13/hr. TWO DOLLARS AND THIRTEEN CENTS!!! Employers expect their customers to pay their employees in tips. This is not financial security for any of these workers.   If you cannot afford to pay a living wage with proper benefits, work/life balance and reasonable hours, then your business model is flawed and your company DESERVES to fail. You are attempting to become financially successful through predation of your employees.     Workers need to organize. We need a new workers rights movement in this country. We need more unionization across all industries. We need the federal minimum wage to match a living wage. Productivity in this country has skyrocketed in this country, but it used to be in line with worker's wages. This stopped being the case several decades ago.   The backbone of this economy is workers, not over-paid corporate executives.   If you take the CEO who is making 100 or 1000 times more than their employees out of the equation, will that company continue to function?  YES.   If you keep the CEO and get rid of all the workers, will that company continue to function?  Absolutely NOT.  CEOs and executives typically do not create wealth, the workers' labor does.   Corporations have stagnated wages, outsourced employment overseas, denied employees rights by classifying them as contract workers, coerced workers to put their jobs before their families and own leisure time, etc etc.   Capitalism is broken. Enough is enough.
I love seeing employers cry. Guess what, the cost of labor has increased.
The money has not run out yet !! There will be a day when people can't find it a job and have no money. It's is coming
"Those women are parents."   You mean mothers?
pay more
Nice corporate propaganda!
It's not a difficult concept to understand. Pay your workers living wages, give your workers raises that keep up with inflation so they don't suffer, give your workers healthcare (better yet let's do Medicare For All so people aren't victims of the system relying on their employer's given healthcare all while at the same time takes immense cost out of the equation for businesses), longer maternity leave for both parents, paid sick leave, restrictions on how many hours workers have to work a week so they are protected, treat your workers with loyalty & respect because without them you don't have a business, safe workplace from harassment as well as safe work environment, retirement plans, disability, none of this is a difficult concept.   Seriously in terms of wages in job sectors increasing, offering sign-on bonuses, paid tuition, other benefits, these businesses have been able to do this! What does that tell you? I'll tell you what it says they could've given you raises ages ago, better working conditions, better healthcare or healthcare in general, paid sick leave, the list goes on. These businesses that only want to profit & abuse their workers don't deserve to have workers. They view you as disposable & replaceable. Challenge their stance, make them actually have to pay a price. As a worker you know, You Know Damn Well you're the reason they continue to be where they are today. It's not through their hard work but through yours. Sure maybe it didn't start out that way but many have long since forgotten what it's like to work yourself into the ground for nothing.   Or Unions that have historically formed to ensure fair wages, benefits, and better working conditions for their members. They negotiate with businesses and governments on behalf of employees, who either work a particular type of job or in a particular industry. That's another option that workers have to get what they deserve.
Hey Youtube and 60 minutes, not going to watch any ads on this video, hope you all at 60 minutes starve!!!!! :)
I quit my Job cause because the place I worked for laid me off for weeks without compensation. I quit my Job cause they would always dangle promotions but never fulfill them. I quit my job cause a Coworker killed herself because of the state of world. I quit my job cause MAGA cult weirdos would scream at us for asking them to put a mask on. I quit my job cause I was tired of being broke and risking my life to work almost every day during a pandemic. We, the proletariats, the works, the backbone of this country are beaten and broken. You didn’t interview a single working class individual and are blaming the workers. You guys suck and the court of public opinion will reflect that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GqGtkge5dQ
It’s almost like treating people like garbage, underpaying them for decades and then expecting them to be loyal is an insane idea…
Less than 30 seconds in , what planet is Leslie stal from ?
60 minutes be like "let's look into why workers are quitting their jobs by talking primarily to employers, they'll certainly know." What the heck? Real top notch journalism here hahahahaha
Lies y’all forcing the vaccine they are playing with our minds the spirit of the enemy is all over America keep seeking Jesus Christ our lord and savior!! 🙏🏽❤️
This report it total garbage. Shame on you 60 Minutes.
No one quit, they resigned. They didn’t give up, they can no longer take the abuse. Maybe do your due diligence since you haven’t “quit”, and interview real workers, and ask for their statements.
Love how the dislike button doesn't even show a number. Get it together 60 minutes.
I spent my 20's climbing the cell phone towers, waking up at 5:45 am every day, and coming home after 7 pm every day. We didn't even get insurance or retirement. Also, 60 minutes sucks at telling the truth
I don't understand how "Why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs" is supposed to be answered by four business owners and one of the business owner's employees.  If business owners knew why people were quitting, they'd have already put measures in place to help keep their employees around.
I wish I could afford to quit my job.🤔🤔🤔 I am thankful that I can work from home.
Why dont they just use all those robots they were gonna replace workers with? ROFLMAO. LMAO
I have to echo the comment below. It's a respect and pay problem. And a total lack of employer loyalty. They want 100% in return for none. And yes, I am a disgruntled ex employee. Thankfully I am retired. I have no wish to go back in to the sh-t storm that is employment.
If they raise minimum wage, all the jobs are gonna disappear. ROFLMAO. LMAO
people, be nice to retail workers. they dont need you, you need them
So, how do the deliberately unemployed keep body and soul together? Just think what Social Security will be for the folks with the years long non-contribution to the program or personal retirement.
How about talking to actual workers? Actual people that quit their job. Dumb propaganda show.
This is the perfect opportunity for other natonalities to move in and be employed in the US since the American themselves refuse the jobs. It cannot be considered as stealing the US citizens’ jobs since they themselves chose to refuse/decline it. Interesting. 🍵
Dads balance “marriage, dad hood and a career also. They make it sound so exclusive.
Ya think unnecessarily forcing employees to take an injection of an experimental drug has anything to do with it?
Most ppl that quit their jobs are in service industry.
Terrible piece of “journalism”, if you can even call it that, filled with half truths.
I'm from Greenville and this is so inaccurate     SMH.
Flat out employers do not want to pay what people are really worth and that includes people that have been loyal for years. The economy gets worse and inflation is up and still going up but no-one wants to pay so people can actually live. We are also in a time where I think God has left the US. They are taking out IN GOD we TRUST off of everything. More and more people are losing their faith, not only in GOD but our Government. We have a very corrupt Government for a free nation. A country with no support from our maker is bound to fail.
If you keep dissenting in the comments, Youtube is going to remove them as well.  Remember, it's not the employers fault, it's the employee!
I am willing to work and STILL have been asked to not come back to work because of the pandemic. I have applied to these so called “now hiring” and they are not hiring. You ask for better pay and they will say no still…
Maybe pay people more? This video better not just be propaganda. It's not 'nobody wants to work', it's 'nobody wants to get taken advantage of.'
Dislikes hidden, that's sketchy  It's not some big mystery, pay people well, treat them with respect they won't quit. The problem is greed and the exploration of the working class. People are dying and employers don't care enough to give time off or provide adequate healthcare. Do better in your reporting it's not hard to ask people why they quit just read the comment section.
I don’t have that luxury unfortunately. I just hope y’all had a plan lol.
What a system we live in where 60 mins would rather boot lick to the corpos than actually even interview one of the "quitters" to see what this is really about
People are quitting because employers dont pay enough and have terrible expectations.
Nothing like a corporate powerhouse like CBS blaming the workers for corporate greed and abuse.....
On a story about workers quitting, 60 Minutes journalists interview: -4 business owners/executives/management -1 employee who can’t speak candidly because their employer knows about & participated in the piece  Do you see how this is bad journalism? Do you see how one perspective was given disproportionate coverage whilst the other perspective wasn’t represented?
An hour to talk about this and you completely missed the entire point.  Pay Better. Stop Treating Us Like Disposable Garbage. It's really that simple.
Because life is Rigged
Saw this on tiktok and came for the comments section ONLY
Very pro corporate and anti worker segment. Where are the voices of the people here? Since dislikes are hidden for whatever reason, here is my vocal DISLIKE. Do better.
Yes let's talk to the business owners, the people who are causing people to quit instead of the people who are actually quitting to find out the reason why. Sounds more like a Fox News puff piece.  Looking at the comments there's more truth in the comments of this video then there is in the actual video
Respectfully, please enjoy a meal of your own feces, 60 mins.
Myself and my parents have been fans of 60 minutes for decades, but this story is a huge let down. You do a story about why millions are quitting, and your interviewers are all but one business owners? I’d love for you to do an in depth analysis on WHY homes and rent cost so much, WHY the rate at which people are compensated for their jobs hasn’t risen with the rate of inflation, WHY it takes job hopping ever 1 to 3 years to increase your earning potential and WHY businesses decide to pocket their earnings and hire the least number of people to get the job done so that a single person calling out for any extended amount of time brings the company to it’s knees. There is a reckoning coming for employers, because the “Capital Stock” are waking up. Workers are the backbone of this nation and have been taken advantage of for too long. Please do a follow up and correct your story.
Stfu all you did was interview business owners and 1 employee. Lol easy to see who's side you picked and how you choose to make this look.
This is a joke. How many workers did they interview? How many business owners?
Typical boomer propaganda
Ahhh the out of touch thinking they have all the answers.   I noticed you guys asked why workers are quitting. But you didnt actually ask any workers. Just a bunch of numbskulled people in charge of hiring folks. How out of touch can you actually be? Disliked.
It's called the Great Resignation.  Not The Big Quit.. Why didn't you interview  WORKERS?  This is like interviewing only white people about segregation.
Would you want to deal with the current era of self entitled a**holes who argue everything and have lost their sense of both community and decency?
Like=dislike
The vax mandate
Dislike
Why not stay home and let welfare pay
This is the most tone-deaf, anti-worker piece I've ever seen.
Ppl woke up and realized thier worth.the wealth gap can't continue to go uncorrected period.🧐🧐🧐
Stop letting old people talk about things they don’t understand 🙄
“Cant offer nothing better whats at home!!””❤️❤️
And Gen Z and Millennials think this is a new trend!?  Baby Boomers and Gen X worked half the time for twice the pay!?  As if they didn't have to deal with wage freezes or 15% interest rates due to inflation!
It's the same old same old. The more things change the more they stay the same. This twenty something an hour life is not enough. 100 an hour is more like it .1
It’s convenient that no one can see dislikes for this video
These jobs don’t give one crap about an employee... just a number.  Meanwhile one second late, because of life and your done.   It’s enough.. I’m not owned by the company.
I quit my job back in 2020, for health reasons, and I was just burnt out, they was working me too many hours, my body couldn't take it anymore. I'm glad that this is happening, because these employers need to pay more, and have more appreciation for their employees, people realizing that they actually have some options.
Show the dislikes cowards
Imagine someone seeing this video who is a a critical position in their life, and they see 15k likes but no dislikes. There is a chance they would eat this up.
I remember when 60 minutes used to do actual journalism. This is not it. Was it really that cheap to buy you clowns out? You should be ashamed of yourselves.
You guys created the weather. Are you really surprised?
"Choosing to quit" - ummmmm no. We are being 'released' from our jobs for not injecting ourselves with a pharmaceutical product that neither prevents infection or transmission of CV19. Both my sister and my son will lose their jobs because of Biden's mandate. They are not "choosing to quit" on February 9.
Everything is going to be ok.
Employers don't care for their employees.
Looks like some of the resignations most of the resignations are for the better.  The women that "worked since [she] was 17 years old" went for a walk with her husband.  I think that family is stronger for it but I understand that self fulfillment might be on her mind.  I hope she can work from home or start her own business.  She has the skills maybe she grew out of the job she had and is ready to be her own boss.    Some food for thought.  At what point should an employee move on?  Some of the jobs people quit are because they become more experienced than the coworkers that employ them but aren't valued or are disrespected on the job by other coworkers. Is this what is happening? Are workers finally realizing their value?    In my forties I have had less jobs than I can count on two hands and I quit two of them because of many factors but the deciding factor wasn't pay, benefits, flexibility, or workload.  They the disrespect, immaturity, and inexperience of coworkers that tried to do as little as possible while trying to force the more experience personnel to do their jobs for them.  The lower paying jobs are all about the other workers and customers you interact with and rarely come down to the job itself.  I do use exceptions for the warehouse or factory jobs of workers being literally worked to death as in the early part of the 20th century. This what I would like to call the "Pyramid" philosophy.  They great pyramids of Egypt were built because with enough man-power but physically working people to their deaths.  With enough man-power you can do just about anything.  In those warehouse jobs you have the manpower model of putting a work load of pressure plus efficiency, but the the job it self is run to drive people into the ground.  This report is aimed at upper class people.  You have employers that make a greater amount of money than most workers and people who quit high paying jobs.  This would be a more complete report if it actually had interviews with people who are in those minimum wage jobs or $12 or less per hour jobs.  What is more compelling to me is the amount of seniors or +50 year olds that are taking minimum wage jobs at retail stores.  It seems every place I go workers my age or older are at minimum wage jobs. Retired but can't afford food, medication, or housing and need supplementary income. They have so much experience and knowledge that they don't fit in with the "open jobs".  That construction boss that harassed someone by calling them everyday should reexamine the scruple.  People just don't respect other people anymore.  I would like to know if that person they quit or if they are too weak and afraid to get out a job with an abusive employer. I feel like we are at a point where there are employers that are finally understanding that they can't actually treat people like crap and employees that are trying to do as little as possible while the hardworking employees that aren't in charge are paying for it with their lives, sometimes literally.
The Pandemic showed a lot of us where we actually stood with our employers when we really needed them most!   My employer treated me like that one lone grocery cart you see by the dumpster.  You know the one thats there every time you go grocery shopping that nobody has used in weeks??   Did me like that!!!  Like "Sorry Buddy, but we have more carts up front we dont really need youuuuuu!!".      Next thing you know the Dumpster had about 50 carts just sitting around it , getting used to the foul stench!   NOW they're like "Sorry Buddy.   But we need more carts up front we really need youuuuu!!"        I HONESTLY HOPE WE TAKE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO TWIST THE KNIFE,  JUST TO SHOW THEM HOW HORRIBLE THEY HAVE BEEN TO THE HANDS THAT FED THEM.
Not working because inflation is too high. Why would I work now when if I spend money now and work next year, I get things cheaper and make more next year! Inflation destroys motivation to save for assets you can never afford to own. Better off living in a tent and coming back when money value stabilises.
noticed the democrat controlled cities people are leaving because of the taxes and cost of living
This was a very slanted report.  It covered one sector, but not any of the people that are still in the service industry.  People who don't have beautiful homes, don't have spouses that may also earn a good income.  There's a huge other sector of people who are still looking for work that is equivalent to what they lost because their company was closed.  Go to the food pantries and ask the same questions; you'll get completely different answers.
No no no. This is about class struggle and politicians leaving us dry while corporations run a muck. It's time for Capitalism to go bye bye 👋.
I think ima need to play this woman in about 4x speed
workers just need money to be alive to meet other workers. (Man to meet women). so that they make baby. making baby will bring them ultimate achived reached. So employers know this and its not needed to pay workers any more then what is needed to make a baby.
maybe the people have   become tired of the system the day programing day in day out and only get two days to rest
Okay let's be clear. You had a whole segment on why workers are quitting and interviewed one worker with their boss there? It's the GREAT RESIGNATION NOT the big quit. Bad faith piece that's either brutal incompetence or willful ignorance.
Trust me once the fed starts raise rates you won't be able to find a job
GET YOUR HEAD OUT of the SAND.  THE BATTLE BELONGS to the LORD.  Oh come Lord Jesus Come 🙏
of course, teens do not want to work when the Gov is giving high cash out!  as well teens are spoon-fed by their parents and are raised to be self-entitled!  Question - why are only blacks being interviewed - other culture lives matter as well and they have a say!
O Allaah, You certainly Know I have not fabricated a lie against You Choosing me Your caliph on the whole world, a supporter of the truth which has been revealed in the Great Quran upon the messenger of Allaah, Mohammed, and all messengers, may Allaah's prayers of (forgiveness) and peace be upon them and I salute them all with respect from the first of them to the seal of them the illiterate prophet Mohammed, the messenger of Allaah with the Great Quran; Allaah's message to the worlds. And I call the worlds to what all prophets and messengers had called them; to worship Allaah alone no partners with Him and we are upright and submitting worshippers of Him. Indeed I am not of the polytheists, but the chosen caliph of Allaah on the worlds. O Allaah, If I were a liar, it would be to my own loss and give power to the swarm of the haematic strain of the firm planning by the permission of Allaah Lord of the worlds, against whoever invent lies against You. So who would restrain Allaah's planning from upon wrongdoers in the worlds? Certainly, disbelievers are lost in delusions. Or who would hold it back from upon Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani if he made up something in the name of Allaah concerning choosing him His caliph on the whole world? O my Lord, You indeed Know I did not fabricate the fact that I am Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammed, Allaah's caliph on the worlds with the power of knowledge, the true clarification of the Great Quran. Verily, You have Said and Your words are indeed the most truthful: { فَلَا أُقْسِمُ بِمَا تُبْصِرُونَ ‎﴿٣٨﴾‏ وَمَا لَا تُبْصِرُونَ ‎﴿٣٩﴾‏ إِنَّهُ لَقَوْلُ رَسُولٍ كَرِيمٍ ‎﴿٤٠﴾‏ وَمَا هُوَ بِقَوْلِ شَاعِرٍ ۚ قَلِيلًا مَّا تُؤْمِنُونَ ‎﴿٤١﴾‏ وَلَا بِقَوْلِ كَاهِنٍ ۚ قَلِيلًا مَّا تَذَكَّرُونَ ‎﴿٤٢﴾‏ تَنزِيلٌ مِّن رَّبِّ الْعَالَمِينَ ‎﴿٤٣﴾‏ وَلَوْ تَقَوَّلَ عَلَيْنَا بَعْضَ الْأَقَاوِيلِ ‎﴿٤٤﴾‏ لَأَخَذْنَا مِنْهُ بِالْيَمِينِ ‎﴿٤٥﴾‏ ثُمَّ لَقَطَعْنَا مِنْهُ الْوَتِينَ ‎﴿٤٦﴾‏ فَمَا مِنكُم مِّنْ أَحَدٍ عَنْهُ حَاجِزِينَ ‎﴿٤٧﴾‏ وَإِنَّهُ لَتَذْكِرَةٌ لِّلْمُتَّقِينَ ‎﴿٤٨﴾‏ وَإِنَّا لَنَعْلَمُ أَنَّ مِنكُم مُّكَذِّبِينَ ‎﴿٤٩﴾‏ وَإِنَّهُ لَحَسْرَةٌ عَلَى الْكَافِرِينَ ‎﴿٥٠﴾‏ وَإِنَّهُ لَحَقُّ الْيَقِينِ ‎﴿٥١﴾‏ فَسَبِّحْ بِاسْمِ رَبِّكَ الْعَظِيمِ ‎﴿٥٢﴾‏ }صدق الله العظيم [ سورة الحاقة ]. {Now, I do swear by whatever you see, (38) and whatever you cannot see! (39) Indeed, this ˹Quran˺ is the recitation of a noble Messenger. (40) And it is not the word of a poet; little do you believe. (41) Nor the word of a soothsayer; little do you remember. (42) [It is] a revelation from the Lord of the worlds. (43) Had the Messenger made up something in Our Name, (44) We would have seized him by the right side (45) And then certainly should have cut off his life artery (46) And none of you could withhold Us from (punishing) him. (47) And indeed, the Qur'an is a reminder for the pious (48) And indeed, We know that among you are deniers. (49) And lo! it is indeed an anguish for the disbelievers. (50) And lo! it is absolute truth. (51) So exalt the name of your Lord, the Most Great. (52)} 69:38-51 Glorified and highly Exalted is You, my Lord, upon what they associate with You, Exalted is Allaah the Great. My Lord, Support me with the firm planning of COVID because they have denied me. And Guide many thereby and Mislead many thereby indeed You are All-Encompassing of wrongdoers. O Allaah, there are no glad tidings for wrongdoers who break the covenant of Allaah after contracting it and sever that which Allaah has Ordered to be joined and cause corruption on earth. It is those who are the defiantly disobedient Exalted is your Lord, the Lord of might, above what they describe. And peace upon the messengers. And all praise is due to Allaah; Lord of the worlds Allaah's caliph on the worlds and His servant; Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani _________________ Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani 27- Jumada I - 1443 AH 31-12-2021 AD 05:43 AM [According to the official time of Mecca Mother of Towns] _________________ 📌(To read the full statement in clear and coordinated writing kindly visit the official website of the Awaited Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani or search Google using the statement's title): Omicron is a Global Calamity 4 #Divine_Cosmic_n_Covidious_War      نتتن RJ9Vb=
It’s ironic that they only interview one worker and didn’t get any other point of view from the unemployed or other workers. Definitely a segment on employers and they pushing their agenda. Unionized don’t let these corporations get away with all their evil they produce!
Does the corporate media ever get tired of lying or spreading misinformation
Employees  have to choose between getting  Experimental Drugs known the "Jabs" or get fired.
Milleniums are lazy.  They want everything given to them.
Use this comment as the dislike button so they really see it
Another thing: the key word is "young." I'm 68 and couldn't find a job to save my life.
The sound  you hear is Mike Wallace turning over in his grave for this hack job.  "Here are the 4 industries that are losing workers, let's interview NONE of those workers".  Or you could be, I dunno, journalists and ask the restaurant owner what he pays.  60 Minutes will lose a lot of viewers on this travesty.  837k views of this, and 15k likes tells you all you need to know.
This is a joke right? Talk about a biased piece of "reporting". Interview the workers, the people, not employers
People are tired of corporations giving out big million dollar bonuses while they sit in office and people do the hard work no one wants to do that and people think well how is this person making more money than I do sitting in the chair pushing papers but I got to get out on that line enslave they don't want to give raises right they don't want to start you out right
Why, pray tell, would anyone care to start a job in health care at this point in time? And if employers in that industry think they can click their fingers and have new employees come running, they need to think again.
Because no one wants to be sacrificed at the altar of capital.
5:47  AND THERE YOU HAVE IT MITCH McCONNELL !!!     You were flat out WRONG!!    So I think you need to go ahead and start those stimulus checks back up for real !! Cause the bottom line is this Mitch. <---- (Man o Man I could have fun with that one.... uggh!!   I'ma be nice)       1. I aint flippin no Multi-billion dollar burger without decent pay and Bens!!    Sorry but youll just have to be a millionaire rather than Billionaire.      2. I aint risking my life driving no weirdo's around, nor you not compensating me for WHEN my car is kaput or damaged !!        Youre aint tossing me to the side cause of a small dent on the door..... that YOUR customer did!    You better work out a deal with Car Max or something for that moment.      I aint your mule.       3.  I aint standing in no cashier registers ALL.... DAY... LONG...... on my FEET!!    When you could allow me to sit...... with your WHACK 15min breaks and 30 min lunches.          You cant GIVE ME ONE HOUR!?    Stop playing with me!!!    Go Fish!    Themz dayz iz dunz!!      4.  Finally.... I ain't coming in to work every dag on Saturday cause YOU DONT CARE that I enjoy playing video games in my momma's basement eating my brownies!!!!          Thats gonna STOP!!     Matter of fact it has stopped!!    Aint starting again.     So Mitch.   I have decided to start my OWN business selling bottled water at the street light, rather than tear my life apart for some rich noodle head. Plus I can keep my brownies!    Im saying all that to say MITCH McCONNELL!!??       You were wrong.    Send me my check as an apology!   Cause im not going back to the Economic Prison.
People are leaving Democrat-run California and Illinois (that have the embraced wokeness and have the strictest Covid restrictions in the nation) for Florida, Texas and South Carolina, plus they are taking probably a noticeable salary reduction, leaving good friends and years of career building behind.  They are leaving Communist Mandates for American Freedom; Blue State Cold Shoulders for Southern Hospitality. I can't blame them.
So much diversity in this episode.   You almost overdid it 60 minutes.
This looks & sounds like a commercial for two companies.
Please stop the BS. If the stimulus checks and government assistance didn’t happen, these lazy Cs would be forced back to work.
The remote working from home is not a good thing for society, because this totally encroaches on family life and truly impacts the sanctity of the family dynamic and cohesion.  It makes where the corporations and businesses become intrusive in people’s home life.  Listen to how man jobs the woman herein is working at home; this means stress levels increase and one is working harder, not smarter.  Is the companies or businesses she is working for compensating her for increase in all her household energy bills and so on.    This new experiment is going to be interesting.  Where was the story about a man and his experience working and providing when he is working from home  (balanced perspective).
May Day Strike. We need to stay home for at least 10 days to bring the machine to a screeching halt so we can finally demand fair wages. Stay home May 1st, for as long as it takes.
Vaccine mandates duh...you in denial
1.) Not enough compensation 2.) Power crazed managers with psychological problems who treat staff like sh*** 3.) Companies that expect staff to do the work of 3-5 people.
Such bs especially in the healthcare sector!  I have been a CNA and phlebotomist  for well over 25 years. We do the most work but get paid 💩 wages and benefits.  I have tried over the years to upgrade to a lpn and RN. I have jumped every hurdle but in the end I was told I had to be  on a waiting list in order to select to programs I have been waiting since 2013.  Now I have to spend more money on a health professional class but I am already in the field been in the field longer than most of these new higher up nurses who come to me for knowledge. They scream nursing shortage but they are the one who created the short by playing favorites based on how much money these schools can make off of misleading students.  Now to add insult to injury they are hiring  foriegn nurse and claiming no one wants to be a nurse such lies and bs. No one has 30k laying around for private nursing school.
I'd love to quit my job! How are these people supporting themselves, Are they winning the lottery?
Work makes my heart sing.  just staring into that blue screen typing stuff, that's the future - love it.
When the free money runs out they will be back.  Money talks and BS. walks.
Hey,  Isn’t the father also balancing “Work, Family, Home and Marriage” just as much as women.  Why is the interest to support women, done at the expense of the man or husband?  This is a shame a total shame, because it reflects misandrist in our society that frequently goes ignored by the liberal media and politicians.
I graduated with a degree in public health in 2021 and I cannot even get a call back. Nothing even after the pandemic, labor shortage or the millions that have died. I feel they want us back working but only fast food/retail/low end jobs :/
This is propaganda.  Discussing employment while not mentioning immigration is journalistic malpractice.  I wouldn't want to live in Greeneville.  That construction owner should run before he becomes the next Mr. Arbery.
There's more money to be made on YouTube and Instagram than in the regular workplace
So do y’all not know any workers you could have talked to or . . . ?
There’s no reason for 99% of jobs to go to an office anymore. Those days are done.
They talking about stimulus pay like it’s hundred thousands of dollars,that stimulus check that I have to fight for was good for month rent,and now February 1 in my county no medical worker can do patient care unvaried!
The Rapture happened in 2020 and the Government covered it up with the C virus.
Abesolutley! Life is so so short, could end litterally any time. As cliche as it sounds DONT live to work, work to live. Often times the most enjoyable pleasure of live dont and shouldnt cause money. Enjoy live while it last.
Because no one wants a forced vaccination.
So unemployment funds didn't stop people from working  Everyone except congress and the media knew this
The big quit = the great big F. U.
Nobody pays enough and people are sick of it it’s not worth their time
830k views and 11k likes... can't see the dislikes... wonder what's going on there? Oh yeah, this piece is garbage and they didn't talk to a single worker except the one whose boss was right there
Lady looked like Pam Grier. Gorgeous.
It’s because there all bums and don’t want to work!!
Taxes go up when people abandon the gunfire of D cities….get ready…..
I'm giving my 2 week notice this Friday
People are not putting up with mistreatment, low pay, dangerous working conditions, lack of faith, and I can go on and on. Also, read the room with these comments. You are hacks!
If you have work the workers will hijack you for wages
Every 15 seconds, with turnover higher than dreamed possible…..
LGB
:10 in. Score the COVID reference and this idiot wonders why?…..
Employers pay minimum wage because that is the least amount of compensation they can get away with “legally”; whatever integrity remains in the system of “justice”.  It’s all a wash.
Uh boy you wonder why there are open spots when you Lead with the Scare Tactics? Despicable….
Do you have your job, a job, or does your job have you?  You can’t quit Your job, but you can leave a job that isn’t Yours.  Also, jobs can quit you, so why not.
Very bad journalism. Better luck next time (try actually interviewing real workers)
I work in Healthcare, and recently got hired with a new job. In the first training class of 10 4 were still there by the end.  People are still quitting daily, but it’s better than what I had before, but the vacancy in positions is making the workload pretty ridiculous.
Probably over the tyrannical mandates.
I work for a hospital and my office is extremely toxic. The work is tough and unfortunately, lazy co-workers and dysfunctional relationships with management make it unbearable. Our office space is also poorly maintained with broken down chairs and old carpeting. I’m not paid what I should be for the level of responsibility. The area where I live has a high cost of living. It makes one wonder, “Why am I doing this!? It’s not worth my time”! I’ve been looking for a different career, but I’ve been in communications my whole life. My health is effected by additional stress in the office. Work from home might be a good option. I would be interested in not having to be in a toxic work environment all day!
Workx is an awesome idea
let ppl go from immigration and they’ll take anyones spot they’ll die for a spot that americans would just leave in a split second for👍
Tired of being underpaid!!!!
Great way to spin one lie into another!!!!  Unbelievably not true!!!!
I am not American, I worked for a company for 20 years, initially it was a good place to work when the father was the boss, then the son became boss and the nightmare began. After a few years  I showed the son the finger and quit. The son was upset and phoned my new  would be bosses and made some false remarks about me. Fortunately I was well known in the industry and my new bosses got many good references about me from the companys suppliers and customers and I still got the job. There are some real bad bosses out there who are very difficult to work for.
what about the vaccine mandates ?
Hey lets' talk about why WORKERS are resigning by only interviewing business owners and a business owner's employee. Great journalism here.
The reason is your trained people not to work. When I would take one week off going back to work was easy. But when I took two weeks off I was looking for ways not to go back. For two years we either shut businesses down or even paid people not to work.    Plain and simple people got out of the habit of working.  How would you not expect this to happen?
Companies: Record profits and million-dollar execs and record stock prices. Employees: tiny increases, cut benefits and pay, no pension but let blame the stimulus checks and call people lazy
"There is no office job that can offer me what I have in my house" - wise words. No employee fits, no gossip, you can take a 10 minute nap without question, I can make my own lunch (don't have to spend on fast food no more), you can move around your house - work from different spots, listen to your own music or watch a movie. This all sounds a bit much but I rather work at full speed for 3 hours and have the 5-6 hrs for myself. Even handling customer complaints is just easier.
Low pay, sometimes you're not paid at all, and oh yeah, COVID.
Buy a house in Mexico and live like royalty.   Just don't act like royalty.
This 60 minutes piece is a piece of crap
Is this the worst, most biased piece 60 Minutes has done? Idk but it's gotta be up there!
The "Social Contract" was broken by employers and the government not the workers.  The employers showed no mercy and the government while bailing out the richest 1% within the first two weeks of the pandemic gave the rest of us just $3,800 to try to survive on for a year.  No wonder people are flocking back to those crappy employers who abandoned us at our time of need.  No wonder faith in the government doesn't exists anymore.  We know the government is not of the people by the people but of the rich for the rich.
This isn’t an employee problem it’s an employer problem
Yeah, this is just all trash. It's the great resignation, not the big quit. There is SO MUCH to unpack in this 60 minutes of garbage. Trying to pin all this crap as a worker problem. It most certainly is not. Vomit.
What a trash segment.
Mobile user here, can someone with the meta data or the plugin post this video's Dislike count?
How do you put up a piece about employees resigning without talking to several people who did actually resign?
I worked for a guy who did an impresson of me as a disabled person making me look stupid in front of other supervisors. . I knew one of my employees had a disabled son and was so offended and had no HR department... i handed my notice in the following week. Never met anyone like that before or since.
REALLY!
I think it's an exaggerated problem. An invented one that is being magnified by the press. Before the "pandemic", businesses operated on a given amount of employees, many of the chain restaurants including fast food ones, were constantly interviewing because turnover was rampant. It's been that way for decades. Walmarts, Targets, McDonald's and most of the cookie cutter employers in anytown USA had employees who's sole job was to keep interviewing and hiring people.  This "pandemic" came along, places closed, hours were and still are limited. But you walk in and you see the same amount, if not more, employees walking around doing very little and the same "Help Wanted" signs are visible and yet there's an "employee shortage".   Back home in Mt. Dora, Florida I was one of those morning coffee guys sitting around with the old guys solving the World's problems. I sat in McDonald's and other places at night with my laptop like so many other people with too much time on my hands.  I saw these places operating with very little staff. My local McDonald's operated nights with two drive thru lanes, the lobby, with 4 or 5 people working the restaurant and some nights the managers who I was friends with would come over and tell me they only had 3 people working,,,yet they still kept the place going. All before the "pandemic" and employee shortages.  I've been paying close attention while going out these days.  I cannot speak for the manufacturing sector.  I can speak to retail and service industry. Locally, the last three times I went inside to McDonald's, they had 11 PEOPLE, working behind the counter. 11. And they are desperate for employees. The ones I observe are doing very little in the way of efficiency.  Today I went into Walmart. I counted 6 employees hovering between the registers and product aisles doing absolutely nothing. While in the produce section I saw one person stocking and 4 people hovering around doing nothing. I went to the deli section, the shelf was empty and 3 people were hovering about doing nothing.  My favorite lunch time restaurant, a small family owned place, just recently shut down. They said they couldn't run it due to lack of staff. I ate there weekly. Each time the place was busy, they had 4 servers, two cooks, guys bussing the tables and manager staff. For a small, lunch restaurant they seemed to be staffed just fine.  My contention is that the BIGGEST problem businesses are facing is self pity and low performance from the staff. It's not less people, it's people choosing to use the "pandemic" as an excuse. We operated fine before this, often with low staff. People just had to work a little harder.  I'm not buying the great "quitting" as the press likes to tout. It's just more propaganda to influence people into believing we are sinking and are victims.  It's a fake motivation to make employers raise the wages.  Workplace conditions are for the most part, and always has been, the biggest reason for turnover. When you fill the workplace with thugs and freaks then the quality workers you want simply aren't going to stay. Or even start. When you go in for a job interview and the person hiring you has metal sticking out of their nose and face and their hands are covered in some kind of freak show ink, then what reasonable hard working person is going to follow through?  Standards. Over the last several decades, workplace standards have dropped. If you see businesses doing really well then go in and look at the employees. They're not thugs and freaks. They're hard working individuals with self respect and ambition.  And self respect and ambition are what is lacking. Not employees.
LOSERS ALL OF THEM LOSERS QUITTERS
Let's Go Brandon
We saw how other countries are able to provide for their workers compared to America. (Thanks TikTok for making that easy to see) We mainly want to be treated like ✨humans✨ (pto, raise minimum wage 7.25 to fit inflation, health care for FULL AND PART TIME workers, and let us WFM instead of micromanaged.) and then maybe realize capitalism is KILLING us. We deserve better.
It’s literally unlivable wages that can’t keep up with inflation
Very thankful I was able to quit my job in June 2020. I was treated horribly by management. Now I am with a new company that treats me incredibly well. If I knew it could be like this I would have quit that other job even with nothing else lined up
If your business model depends on paying less than a living wage, you don't have a successful business model. We're not ungrateful, we're just trying to survive.
The government is providing a whole lot of supplements and benefits TO COMPANIES
Big cooperation pushing test or jab, while the demand for tests cannot keep up. Let those big corporations crash, and start a small business.
Lol @ we are mostly going to interview bosses and the one “worker” that was interviewed had their boss on the same segment. Nice and unbiased If I do say so myself.
Ppl are tired of not being valued and looked at as in expendable cog in the machine..the ppl are now telling companies "YOU are the expendable one"
So you do a piece about people quitting but only interview business owners and not people that actually quit their jobs. Those business owners are just trying to save face and not say that they are terrible bosses. This article is one sided and is made to make people feel bad for business owners. Do your job better
How can you do an investigative piece about workers resigning from positions, WITHOUT talking to any workers? This is a feel good "we're all in the same boat" for corporations.
Totally missed the mark.
This is pure antiworker propaganda
Folks are tired
Why did you hide the dislikes? 817k views 15k likes -- that seems like there are 500k dislikes out there.
Liberals are the ones not working
Why don't you interview the people that are resigning, i.e. the great resignation. Terrible reporting
We gotta continue to fight back and demand more of everything from companies, especially pay. When we're working for a company, we'll spend our lives making them filth rich. So we, the employees, gotta make sure it's a two-way street and demand some type of profit-sharing mechanism that CEOs have. Let's build back the middle class!
Why dont 60 minutes put the spotlight on the few handful of billionaires hoarding all the money and wealth in this country,...leaving for millions of Americans to work 40-60 hour weeks for bread crumbs and still not have enough to pay for housing, healthcare, education, etc. The millionaires and billionaires are the problem!!! Stop with this gaslighting bs
The people I see moving from California, New York and Chicago to places like FL and TX, are because of vaxx mandates, closed schools, and rocket high taxes. Criminality is also mentioned quite a bit. Have had quite a few Twitter friends make the move over the past couple of years. Most say they should have done it much sooner.
Way to talk about labor without talking to labor
I like how this is whole segment is pro-company and doesn't give a s**t about the workers. #eattherich
Did 60 minutes blame anything on failed Democrat policies or did they just blame employers and small business owners again?
They're mandating the jab on employees,get it or get fired or quit!!
It's just because people are lazier then ever that's the problem not America being burned out if that was the case I would quit my job every other week but I got bills so I don't haha
You're so out of touch with looking for a job and being in the real world
You expect people to be loyal to a system....that will fire you  in heartbeat
Quit my job at a movie theater which paid 9 dollars an hour, now I work at Costco.
I don't know why this is so difficult to understand. It's been a slow progression, but employees have been getting more and more taken advantage of over the years. I've definitely noticed since I have been in the workforce for 35 years. Even before the cost of housing went up, some people would have to work 2 jobs just to live. Now with the time to reassess their lives, they realize they don't need the big house or work 2 jobs. They can provide a better life for themselves and family by downsizing and working less to be able to spend more time with family, or pursue a dream. There are no employee rights and protections in the workplace so employers don't abuse. Plus, no one wants to drive an hour in horrible traffic, work 10 hours a day, 50 hours a week, deal with the public & everything else that goes a long with it. For what? Debt & an early grave?  It's not that people don't want to work, they want flexibility, options, less hours, better Healthcare, more benefits. Something to make it worth their time. Because the workforce is tired of bending over.
Man... Nothing about the abuse. The below livable wage, and inhuman working condition's... Shocking. You interviewed 4 owners not workers??? You are part of the problem.
You didn't talk to the workers. We are willing to talk.
Employer: they need us we don't need them  Employee: your fired! 😂
Customers demand products and services when THEY want it - not when it is convenient for an employee.  The only way that you can have a flexible work schedule that meets your individual needs but still satisfies the customer, is if another employee is there to pick up your slack when you're away from work.  Everyone cannot expect to call in on Monday or take Friday off to enjoy a long weekend, without that impacting the revenue streams that pay your salary.  Imagine telling a client that your estimate or proposal will be delayed because you are short staffed due to "flexible scheduling".  Imagine taking that long weekend at a resort only to be told that your check-in time and all services have been drastically curtailed because the resort manager had to give 30% of his employees the weekend off to enjoy the same flexibility that you demanded from your employer.  You would likely never return to that resort again.  If you agree that flexible scheduling and higher pay should be a worker's right, just wait until you show up at the emergency room or critical care clinic and discover that your wait time and your bill has doubled.  While working remotely is a very viable option for some occupations, it is impossible for most workers.  Supply and demand drives wages and working conditions - not dreams and aspirations of meaningful employment.  I recently retired early due to my thankless inflexible job.  However, that decision was based on a careful financial calculation - not an unrealistic pie-in-the-sky belief in my entitlement.  At the end of the day, economics will determine whether or not you will be able to enjoy both meaningful employment and flexible scheduling.  I wouldn't get my hopes up to high.
The pandemic was  blessing and curse.  A curse because many people were killed or gotten extremely ill.  A blessing because people FINALLY realized these employers DO NOT CARE ABOUT ANYONE BUT THEMSELVES AND THE COMPANY!
Maybe close the gigantic crevasse between corporate earnings and employee wages and introduce proper management and respect? Sprinkle in decent benefits? Good employees want good jobs. It's not that hard to understand.
Imagine doing a piece on segregation and only interviewing white people. This is about the same thing, smh.
Dude, forget this gaslighting.
Also worth mentioning, ( although they never will), why would workers want to break their backs, to pay in higher tax dollars, into a system that they don't have faith in??  Pornography in school libraries? Mask mandates? Open borders during a pandemic?? Earning less looks better than ever !
The reason I left my job was mainly all the rona rules I already had to wear a hard hat hairnet beardnet earplugs safety glasses steel toe boots arc flash uniform then to have to wear a mask and a face shield plexiglass between everybody constant temp checks can't see through the fogged up shield can't breath through the mask can't hear other employees or even read their lips when 3 of your senses are impeded and your restricted from breathing freely plus the regular safety clothing and gear causing shortness of breath and overheating just not a good working environment I had enough of it!!!
cause most of them want free money.simple.
Dislike
Funny they didnt really interview the employees which they seem to blame
I can tell you from the perspective of my friends and I living in socal. The work load has increased, because no one was quitting when the pandemic started, they were laying people off. This left 2-3x the work load for those left working with the same pay and yet everything is still increasing in price. Some even had their pay reduced to keep staff. Add to that some people are working from home which has benefits and issues. Others are still forced to come into unsafe places where people refuse to wear masks and do what they are supposed. After all that you burn out and stop caring because no one cares about you! You find quickly that you have to care about yourself!  Benefits aren’t what keep people from coming back. People find that when they’re jobless and find something else to make money that makes them happy they are better off. Why in TF would I go back to a normal 9-5 at a desk with deadlines? You learn when hard times hit, you really don’t need all the money you once had and you adjust. Money no longer matters to people that go thru that. Happiness does.
I’ll applaud anybody who can walk away from a terribly toxic job despite the risks involved. I’m surprised that no one talks about poor management and having to watch their every word and action.
This guys voice could get me to invade Russia in the winter.
what a load of bollox this is ,,,,,,........people are not having the the fake vaccines ,,,,.so they get pushed out of their jobs they had for years ,,,,,
What in the *BOOMERS MISS THE SYSTEMIC PAIN POINTS THEY CREATED* is this? It's sloppy journalism to speak with employers and not interview the education, retail, healthcare, or hospitality workers. And who made the choice to omit all people that left the workforce to protect their high-risk COVID family/self from poor employer protection practices? And you came so close to the point that employees are migrating to affordable areas to work remotely off one income since they can't afford to keep their homes or find childcare.
Yellow journalism
Stop giving out free money and people will go back to work.  There is no free ride.
This is why the dislike button was an overstep.
Doesn’t interview a single worker…
Hiding the dislikes was smart for this video. Obviously anti-working class sponsored
When government prints money and pays more than an employer naturally people will not work.  This country has become weak and soft with printed money.  Set asides and government give aways.
What a joke, 60 minutes is just another CNN or FOX,
4 bosses and only 1 employee in the piece with the Boss also in it. This is like doing a racism story and only interviewing white people. Where is the dislike button when you need it.
Wow.
We men still working
People are tried of bull
Nobody throws a pity party like the rich- They put it on national tv. #eattherich   The working class is done working for you. We're done making money for anyone who isn't us.  Deal with it.
Its Not A Problem ! Its Just Everyone Should Have There Own Business And Be Millionaires Its That Simple . God Is Real . Everyone Will Be The Same Financially 🙏🏻🌍
Came here to dislike. That is all.
Please bring back the downvote counter, YouTube.
there is not means to justify charging for power water necessity the government pays for nothing unless it makes life harder for everyone outside that building its not about any of our right's there should be no bills you cannot justify why we have bills it does nothing the government already has enough money
"Why are Americans choosing to quit their jobs in record numbers?"  Easy Mandates.  Stop forcing people to do things against their will that has nothing to do with jobs.
What a shameful display of journalistic laziness and disrespect for working people.
Employers are "eger to hire" but wages still aren't going up.  Or companies will put up "hiring signs" and then never actually hire anyone. And they didn't mention a 50% increase of new businesses being created year after year since the pandemic. People are creating the work they want.
why do you have to pay for necessity bills are basically a gimmick nobody has to pay them
employers you not speaking to right people you should speak to employees not the place they leave your going to get allegations but not the truth and the truth is covid is fascism and we will never build anything back better mind you this plan of his could have been done and passed but he draws it out digression it mean nothing
Don't be shy, show how many dislikes this video has
you car is really a nice fit for you i am sure you will not mind my contribution to its looks if the employer has an attitude i find that if you use a bit reason you can do some positive constructive criticism to their car and it pays off for me i appreciate the time to damage this already repulsive vehicle i love minimum wage and cynicism
Mandate has taking it's toll.
Shouldn't have laid off all your employees at the start of the pandemic. Most people go from their parents supporting them as they grow up right into to getting a job and a huge part of having a job is the financial security it offers, a steady pay check = food, shelter and clothing and fear of losing this security they've had all their lives kept many in their jobs. Yet employers tore that security away when they needed it the most, made millions of people face this fear, to deal with it, to live through it and most importantly taught them they can survive it. It'll take a generation or more to go back to the way it was, if it ever does.
they are not being fired people are just walking out because of management incompetence and they have sycophants that shine the boots and i am the one throwing a glass bottle at keying up the car of the employer that really has an attitude that car used to look bad but my work on it really paid off
But how are people eating,  paying rent,  etc?  I'm stumped.
they quit because they realized they were getting more in "covid pay" than their actual pay at a job. all these boomers, mils are getting lazy and rely on the state for their no work pay its complete bs. Us gen z kids are more willing to work then ACTUAL ADULTS. the pademic brought lazy people who knew and seen they has a way out a good excuse to not work.
Sick of working for "peanuts" !.....let all those companies paying those wages fold....not my company I don't care !
Because Brandon won't go. Go Brandon, go.
This is such blatant business propoganda. Way to take a worker issue and frame it through the lens of employers. Over 13 minutes puzzling why this is happening so broadly and they never came close.
instead of giving us more social understanding you cause misunderstanding with what our society is  and i would say policy is very parasitic to people and its due to that we have so many people wanting freedom and leaving these job
Lots and lots of baby boom retirements, some 3.5 million, which makes a big dent on the worker shortage.
I have seen this from both sides. Some of it I agree with, some of it I do not. I have seen employer's offer great pay and great benefits, but employee's are just lazy. On the flip side, I have also seen employers offer nothing for employees to stay and employees rightfully leave. There has to be a balance of pay, flexibility, benefits in order for the work relationship between employee and employers to prosper. Right now, that is missing in a lot of industries (retail, construction, non-higher education teaching) just to name a few. In my industry (technology), the pay is good and benefits too. Hopefully, others people will achieve the same result.
Their being fired get it straight.
Corporations have never been richer while their employees have never been poorer.  The great resignation is NOT a mystery.
because covid is fascism  and vaccines are not the jurisdiction of the employer its of the hospital so when you supplant the jurisdiction of the employer with the hostpital you contribute to unemployment
Inflation and diversity hires, required vaccinations ect. It's truly a big mystery 🙄
I believe people are tired of being underpaid. I went years earning only minimum wage. And the price of things has went up, where I live all the houses pretty well are $300,000-1 million range in value -------- people where I live need money like a lot of it, just to pay the mortgage.
If you want a better job you need to work your way up, earn (and pay) for an education, train and qualify and compete for it. It takes a lot of time, effort and discipline to land a great job. This generation wants to get max pay and benefits when they can’t even get your order right at the drive through. Enjoy your unemployment.
and because we dont want the poison
Actually this isnt anything new. Right now the US have very low unemployment rate. The labor market is tightening. When you have such environment, employees will demand higher wages, flexibility, etc. Back in the 80s similar things happen in Japan. Tight labor market, company's offering signing bonuses, some even provided free unemoloyment.
I'm surprised they didn't mention the thingy man date as part of the suspicious reason people might be quitting their jobs. Some people might look at what they think of as being a guinee pig as part of their job requirement as not worth it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj2iGAifSNI&ab_channel=JohnnyPaycheckVEVO
Capitalism ignores the homeless so those working check to check have an example what to fear if they stop working 24/7
All the employers claim that they are hiring, yet they refuse to hire my son who is seeking his first job.
I am available 🙏 to work 🤚. USA I'm here.
Corporations, "Let the free market decide!" Also Corporations, "No! Not like that."
I'm sure arbitrary regular penetrations of gmo toxins that might also explode your heart definitely has nothing to do with it.
lol I added an dislike addon for crome. 1.4k. This is so tone deafits not even funny. If you are going to report on something get BOTH sides not just the employer.
My wife is 60. She has been an RN for 36 years, working as a nurse manager for the last 25 years.  She has been performing Covid testing on employees and patients every week since Covid first hit. She has been dealing with the staff shortage for years. My wife is emotionally exhausted with all of the extra work related to the pandemic, lack of staff and lack of support from management. She is too young to retire but turned in her resignation last week. She has no job lined up and doesn't really care at this point, she just needs a break.
We do not have a worker prlm we have too meany workers ther walking up by the mil. Whats going on put them all to work thats why ther comeing here work an be happy
Good to see that 60min is also completely out of touch with the average American. Did you even try?
Wtf are all these guys smiling and laughing about?
1.4K dislikes... just incase ur wondering
Here you are at the threshold of World War III, between you and the so-called "Corona" that is not corona but strains of the torment of somewhat like a ba'ouda [Arabic: gnat] which you encompass not a thing about. It has [different] haematic strains that fight in a global war from Allaah through invading chests of whomever Allaah wills among mankind; affecting your hearts within your chests. It is also being assisted with consecutive supporting forces and each supporting force is more intense than the one before it; that is firm planning by Allaah and indeed you cannot cause failure to Lord of the worlds. Know with knowledge of certainty that these are strains of somewhat [like] a gnat which you encompass not a thing about, they are haematic strains fighting a global war from Allaah, so how would you defeat soldiers whose Leader is Allaah? Glorified and highly Exalted is He! I swear by Allaah who there is no God but Him that they will make you submit to Allaah's caliph Al-Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani so you submit in full, willing submission while you are abased, like it or not. Raise your hands towards the sky declaring your surrender and defeat in Allaah's global war while you are humbled, and submit to Allaah Lord of the worlds so you are among the safe ones. Also, follow His Book, the Great Quran ,to be saved from His torment as you do not have the right of Veto to apply on the selection of Allaah's caliph on the whole world, Glorified and highly Exalted is Allaah the Great Indeed, I, Allaah's caliph Al-Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani, truly do not say about Allaah except the truth, and you are experiencing a global war from Allaah through soldiers of haematic strains by which Allaah is going to seize you from the right side of the heart of whoever refuses and acts arrogantly, so Allaah Sends against him His firm planning to cut his life-artery And you will never find anyone to hold it back from upon you other than Allaah nor will you find any refuge besides Him, so where would you escape? No! There is no refuge or escape from the might of Allaah the One, the Overpowering. Verily, I have not forged a lie against Allaah concerning the fact that He has Appointed me His caliph on the worlds, on earth, and If I were a liar here is the Word of Allaah: { وَمَنْ أَظْلَمُ مِمَّنِ افْتَرَىٰ عَلَى اللَّهِ كَذِبًا أَوْ كَذَّبَ بِآيَاتِهِ ۗ إِنَّهُ لَا يُفْلِحُ الظَّالِمُونَ ‎﴿٢١﴾ } صدق الله العظيم [ سورة الأنعام ]. {Who does more wrong than those who fabricate lies against Allah or deny His signs? Indeed, the wrongdoers will never succeed.} 6:21 _________________ Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani 27- Jumada I - 1443 AH 31-12-2021 AD 05:43 AM [According to the official time of Mecca Mother of Towns] _________________ 📌(To read the full statement in clear and coordinated writing from the official website of the Awaited Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani kindly click the below link: https://www.mahdialumma.org/showthread.php?p=366448
PAY US $45 PER HOUR! MINIMUM!
This is misleading. I’d suggest reporting it
Worker problem interviews 5 managers and one of those managers employees. What a joke. Somebody needs there journalism degree revoked or something.
How about y’all ask some workers questions instead of finding 4 employers?
The same in my country, Belgium. Companies use the lowered salary costs to get higher profits to give them to shareholders and CEO's. In my country you pay nearly 45% tax on your wage so it's just insane that companies offer wages of 2400 euros bruto. I ain't gonna work for 1500 netto.
2 of the largest manufacturing facilities in the usa( Flambeau and kraftmaid) have a process of hiring on a batch of temps, 20-100+ employees, at a time. At the 90 day mark they terminate all but maybe 2 of them so they don't have to pay them full wages or benefits. Their factories are hot, brutal, and their bosses are downright scumbags. This process has been going for YEARS.  Amazon and tesla have had NUMEROUS whistle blowers outing them for unsafe conditions, unfair labor practices, relentless work hours for a pittance. People literally hired just so they can be fired! When the next lockdown hits, and it will, don't start crying because your $8million a year took a hit.
1-Low pay 2-part-time only. They keep you @ 39hrs work schedule to keep you on part-time status so you have no benefits.  Let them go under. That's capitalism right?
Greenville has done a tremendous job in revitalizing their downtown.
Corporations been trash.
Employers have to, are being force to realize that their employees have a life and if they can't adjust to that life, they will be dead in the water.  My daughter has 5 children and is a single working mom.  She asked CHILD CARE AND PARENT SERVICES (CAPS) for assistance and they told her that in order to qualify, she had to be homeless or experiencing domestic abuse or some emotional disability.  She didn't qualify by just wanting to work and provide for her family.  I think CAPS should find another type logo!
Why are the poors not working themselves to death anymore? Here's 4 business owners to explain why
❤️" Worker is holding the pen." "Flexibility is critical!"
People are being incentivized to not work as well as businesses to not fill empty positions.  If we are a society that continues to produce less goods and services but continues to rely on the government we are setting up our future for failure.  There will be more dependency on robots/AI because it’s cheaper and robots don’t call in sick or get hurt on the job, and those in power will have to find out what to do with those who have become useless and unproductive to society.  🤷🏽‍♀️
lol, California is so expensive its not even funny, whod want to live there
I work in retail and ive had to cancel my doctors appointments several times despite discussing availability to work throughout the week. They just change the schedule without discussion and just expect you to adjust. Flexible scheduling meaning YOU need to be flexible. When am I supposed to schedule things if the schedule continues to rotate around seemingly at random?  I am looking for something else.
Employers are wanting people with lots of experience instead of hiring the ones that want to work but don’t have the experience. I just got my degree in accounting and went to interviews but they all say the same thing we want someone with experience. But they don’t realize how do you get it if no one will give you a chance
Does this 20 million includes the Baby Boomers who were almost at retirement age who just decided to just call it quit?es
It’s not we want meaning in our lives, it’s we know how disposable the employers think their employees are. They don’t care if we die. So why should I work for you?
If government doesnt' spend money like crazy on unemployment benefits, people will not be quitting. Also, stop mandating vaccination, and people will stay.
Probably because working 40 hours a week at a vast majority of places is not enough to afford shelter and food. No healthcare, poor treatment, no vacation, etc. Doesn't take a genius to figure it out.
Mask mandates, Vaccine mandates. Duh, don't blame it on anything but bad government and corrupt corperations.
a lot of young people dont want to work. Its simple.
I retired early because of the civic 19
This is pure Capitalist Propaganda.  60 minutes has completely abdicated their obligation to journalistic integrity.
People are simply finding out their worth.
You told people these types of jobs were all Unskilled even though that's 90% of  the American public workforce people use.
Let's go Brandon
Let’s be clear:  There are people looking for jobs.  These employers have the ridiculous standards!
The Big Quit. Hmmmm
What do you mean WHY? For the past decade it's always been "Get a better job". GABJ. Don't like the pay? GABJ Don't like how your boss treats you?GABJ. They just promoted this guy cause he's charismatic but has no idea how to do his work let alone yours? GABJ. The scheduling is erratic and you have a home life that requires doctor visits for you or the family so you can't take off work? GABJ. Raises, promotions, the most basic benefits that people require just aren't there? GABJ. The top 2% of management is making more in 6 months than you do in 6 years?GABJ.  Now, after alll that bs, after this continued demeaning system of over worked, under paid, and neglected working environments the 1% has the sheer audacity to ask "Why does nobody want to work for us!!"? To even ask why your staff quits after a week to go work someplace else when you willfully chose to say "no" when they asked for time off to go to a doctor's appointment that will, inevitably, be their financial burden? The answer is simple: They got a better job and you didn't make the cut!
Fk these scumbag employers.
Democrats are the reason. Easy question.
More than affordable housing, but also from blue to red states.
I'll to beging to see this program and hope enjoy with its thems every day
These comments make me so happy! I'm glad people are speaking out against the workforce injustices and lack of living wages and benefits! When enough people quit they'll have to start changing! Our country has it ingrained in our very history to treat workers unfairly for capital greed, it's nothing new, it's just now people are finally putting their foot down!
let's make a video about slavery and only interview slavers. fair and balanced journalism in America
This makes me so happy, 3 years ago I left my job hopping for people to wake up from the nightmare, glad to see workers asking for respect and more money.
If people are quitting all over globally, how are they paying their bills? I’m baffled
Thanks  Joe Biden
Said this years ago. The costs of going to work out way the pay, the reward. That pay includes financial and personal satisfaction. Many Americans are downsizing so that only one paycheck is necessary. Some only need to work part-time. The response to the pandemic only put this realization on a fast track. The costs of fuel, student loans, daycare, second car, work clothes, stress at work... is not adequately covered. I saw somewhere it is estimated that Americans keep the lowest percentage of their paychecks. After payroll deductions and health insurance, Americans keep less than 60% of their paychecks. In other countries workers take home as high as 89% of their paychecks. Of that less than 60% the financial costs of going to work are deducted. With the costs of expenses like daycare, there may be a negative balance. Those who have downsized see a rise in peace of mind.
god bless you people for doing the right thing.
Because is more easy to live in welfare programms than actually working, thank PedoBiden, ruining america like the political parasite you are
We decided to stop enriching the already rich and elite. If we do not see a fair portion of the benefits from our work we will simply not work. Give us liberty or give us death.
"A Narcissist is someone who is capable of creating two job openings a week".
Why work if you can stay home and pick up check every weak from the government
Poor treatment, low pay, too many A**holes.
Yea yea yea and it has nothing to do with government giving money away if you do not work because of the bs pandemic!!!!
Forcing them to get the zombie shot isn't helping.
"We doubled our revenue year after year" cool story bro mow did youmdouble wages year or over year? Naaaah
I just put in my 2 weeks yesterday lol…🤷🏾‍♀️
📌Cor*ona vi*rus is of the Lesser Torment Short of the Greater Torment that Perhaps they May Repent .. 📌فايروس كورونا من العذاب الأدنى دون العذاب الأكبر لعلهم يرجعون .. -1-  Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammed Al-Yamani  AH 10- Rajab - 1441 05-03-2020 AD 12:51 PM (According to the official time of Mecca Mother of Towns)  https://youtu.be/JM7tWLNRGIk
looking at data indeed and zip recruiter should have been considered. Also people are starting to spending more on credit card. So expect debt to bring back the workforce.
COMPANIES DON’T CARE AND PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH!!
Back to paid training and no experience necessary like it was in the 80's
60 minutes? More like 60 idiots! How can a room full of smart people be so dumb?! You can look at your data all day miss Harvard and still won't find the answer. These people are so out of touch. How about you put our shoes on for a change and ask real people in the Great Resignation. We are sick and tired of being sick and tired. We are over the nepotism, favoritism, gossip, bs wages, unrealistic expectations, toxic positivity and gaslighting. We've  have had it with loyalty for you but not for me. We've had it with toxic bosses. We've had it with the abuse of power. We've had it with the incompetence from our company leaders. You want the wealth all to yourself well fine take it find someone do your dirty work then!
Because people suck. You exchange your time which you never get back for money. Now ask your self what money is? Better schedules. Work from home and flexibility is needed. That's to start. I can do my entire job from home now, yet I can't because the employer won't allow it. Meanwhile 2 died at my company from covid in a month.
I couldn't help but notice the majority of people featured in this story are black.
The spirit of the most high is hover over this country the work force was designed by man and greed no one should give their life to a job to have theGod  given right to all on this earth it has to stop if anything we all should have control over ourselves on how we want to hire ourselves out according to how we can work with God and our family first
I quit my job months ago because my hours got reduced to 9 hours a week compared to the original 20+ hours I was doing. I don’t even wanna work again because of these self entitled customers and the low pay. 😒😒
Making the biggest mistake of their lives. Excuse me not having Christ is a biggest mistake.
You have a commercial with Tom Brady. Then a LinkedIn interview. You can’t get the message. Hmmm.  $2.13 an hour for service jobs. This so called interview just does not get it. F this crap.
The lower-level jobs are the vacant ones, because they went from 8hrs 5days to 10hrs and 6days and still cant give a wage that can feed a family.
What they don't show you: Many companies aren't even hiring, they are just making less employees work more and more overtime.                              All the while they are complaining that employees quit.      Both sides have an agenda here.
It maybe that people are sick of it all and want to change their lives.
I refuse to get a second job until it's safe to do so. This entire pandemic has shown just how expendable America sees it's workers as. I don't want Thank Yous or Parades or Pizza Parties. I want to know I'm going to be around to watch my nieces grow up, and that my mother doesn't have to bury her child. I want safety to be a priority and get paid fairly for my time.
I'm a Welder certified, with no welding job, they only want to pay $10.00 a hour. Certified Welder starting pay is $19.99 as a Welder if you take that job you ruin the trade.
Democrats have FAILED America
Whoever values himself to this comment clic like
People want to make their own dreams come true.
They don't like being told you have to take something.
Faced with the the inevitability of non-existence it's human nature to find meaning for the time you have left that's why people aren't going back. It's these massive multi billion dollar companies that are bleeding from the crunch. People don't want to move boxes from one side of a conveyor belt to the next for the rest of their lives they want relationships with their employers they want regular customers in their stores they're transforming how we view what a career and a job is. They're preparing for the final wave of full automation in the workforce, defining what work is. it's beautiful.
People want to make their own dreams come true.
Corporations.    They keep getting bigger.
Vaccine mandates have something to do with it.
I’ve worked as a mechanic and welder for 2 decades now. For the entirety of my career I’ve heard these high price mouth pieces get on the news saying “there is a shortage of workers in the skill trades, and we can’t fill the positions we have open”. I’ve always thought this was an incomplete sentence. What the high price mouth piece should have said is “we can’t fill all the positions we have open for the wages and benefits we’re offering”. That’s the truth of the matter. You want a shop full of A level techs with a decade or more of experience across all makes of cars? I can make that happen, but they won’t be cheap. You need fitters and welders capable of welding and fitting multiple materials, multiple processes? I know them too. Guess what? They aren’t cheap either. People in the ivory tower want a competent, engaged workforce? Time to come off your wallet.
Insurance for your family is $500 per person from your job, 700.00 to 1000.00 for families. An you only make $14.50 a hour, an have to drive 85 miles a day, plus work 28 days a month just to survive. Then private contractor's who hire you make $3 to $10 off every hour you work out of your pay check, after you put 28 days in every month same pay for over six months with no raise in pay, no promises of being hired on to the company you choose to quit.
The question should be how are people that were making minimum wage can afford to stay home??
Single moms had it the worst during school shutdowns. Our wonderful leaders never think about single parents
WORKERS OF THE WORLD UNITE!!
It's the work pay, you got a family an when you got a family you go where you are valued as a worker.
When have you ever known 60 Minutes to have all-black people on their program???This is a b******t piece and a setup.
Complete vax mandate coverup. People aren’t quitting, they’re being FIRED, you just say it’s their choice because you gave them the option to get a shot or be blacklisted from every job in the country, all luxuries, stores and entertainment. Terrorists in this government and there is going to be a major uprising soon
They speak nothing who wants to get covid from unmask eating laughing ,coughing ,yelling and sneezing customers. yes you can't eat with mask on but no talk of air born virus.yep not me so people can eat there cheeseburgers. never mine how these companies treat you like crap and not enough to pay even living expenses.
They’re not, they’re being fired for not getting the jab you cover up artists
I UNDERSTAND PEOLE LEFT BECAUSE THEY WERE BEING TREATED BAD AND UNDERPAID BUT I JUST WANNA KNOW WTF PEOPLE DO FOR A LIVING  IM INTO INVESTING STOCKS AND ALL THAT TO BUT WITH HOW BAD THESE MARKETS BEEN LATELY HOW TF IS PEOPLE MAKING INCOME???
Perhaps stop forcing medical dope on folks and people won’t have to quit.  You want a shot go for it. You don’t then forget it.  Thing is we deserve medical freedom!!!
In customer service, at the very least, management needs to support workers dealing with daily nonsense from  customers but instead, you catch heck from both. Whomever said the customer is always right had good intentions, I'm sure but that's a concept taken ridiculously too far.
Because not everyone wants the jab. Stupid mandate should be lifted.
Management is focused on increasing profits because that moves share price and management salary is linked with share price. So management squeezes as much as possible from all places. Employees are fed up with this attitude of management.
Western moderates are the "Good Germans" of the 21st century: *spineless* and *complicit* to international catastrophe.
Grifter should've cut income tax for lower and middle income, instead of himself.
Dead serious question because I don’t like working either. How do you guys pay your bills?
Austin is not a small town lol
i quit my job, best decision everrrrrrr
I love how long it takes the older generation to notice this is now an obvious problem that's plagued the country for decades. Its hard to take off those "I made it in affordable america" glasses and sympathize with the current generation trying to make it in an obvious declining economy.
Employers pay least amount legally possible, puts entire burden on employee, it's a better option to make money doing side hustles, odd jobs.
what a load of total crap this journalism is
I have not been working for 3yrs...no stimmy,unemployment..just EBT n that has run out..no cable, no wifi,  no job..just fucked...I don't know if I'm even able to work...I've been out so long
Federal minimum wage is STILL $7.25 (since 2009) all while the cost of living has skyrocketed due to inflation.   Minimum wage in CA is finally at $15.00 but try renting/leasing a studio apt here in the capital, a whopping $1200! Plus the 30% increase in utilities. My PG&E bill was $90+ this month compared to $64 last January. INSANE! 🤯
America is falling!!! This is what the American people wanted for a LOOOOOOOOOOONNNG time!!!! ITS TIME FOR A RESET. AMERICA WILL DIE IN THE NEXT 10 TO 20 YEARS!!! CAN I GET A SPARTAN CHANT!!!! WOOOOOOAOAWOOWPAOAOAOOOA
Its really simple. Above all else people want to be respected, then good pay, and finally flexibility.   If a parent's kid misses the bus the last thing they want to worry about it whether or not they will get fired for being late. Who wants that kind of stress?
Unemployment pays
*IF YOU OFFER THE MONEY PEOPLE WILL COME!....I SUSPECT THE PROBLEM IS THE LOW PAY.*
Ummm probably bc you can make 2-4 grand a month ubering and doing Uber eats or door dash. Pretty damn sad that ppl have to leave corporations with millions of dollars lol pathetic
This is really cool to see because I’ve been slowly looking for new jobs (I’m still currently employed), but I’m being incredibly picky about what I apply to. I’m only applying to postings that list the salary, because there’s no point in interviewing for a position that pays less than what I’m making now. And I’m also not applying to any job that’s not super close to me or 100% remote. I want to be able to work remote at some point in my life. I want to be there for my children when they arrive. I don’t want to be coming home at 6pm every day, seeing my children for a few hours a day, and then going back to work. What kind of life is it that you spend more time with your coworkers than you do the people you love? It makes absolutely no sense. I love this control that employees are taking, and I agree. We need to cling onto it. The employees need us, not the other way around.
According to my 40 years aviation industry experience, it’s not employers issue, it’s an issue of lack of dedication and lack of common sense to perform. We have a new generation called zombie generation.
The rich people sitting here having a happy conversation about why poor people are sick of being taken advantage of.
Try and work for yourself if you can. Employers clearly don't care about us they just need cogs to keep their profits turning...
baby boomers love to work, starting from the bottom and worker hard until the finish. younger people are not doing that... which isnt bad in some ways .... they want their life to have quality. that being said u cant get that without paying your dues lol
I had an employee sign a form stating that they continue to come to work and refuse to actually work. They also refused to clock in / out for breaks as they wanted to get fired so they can get unemployment and get paid to play videogames. This kid actually signed this form.   This destroyed moral as this employee was still granted Unemployment benefits even though he sign the form and took a 3 week long vacation to Hawaii and was bragging about it on Facebook / Instagram. Everyday I had an employee coming into the office upset over it.  Also, the better pay is false. I increased my rates 20% and all employees got 15% pay increase, as all my suppliers increased my rates 10%. I was then forced to stop providing lunch for all employees, and eliminate the $300 a month fuel allowance I provided employees. It turns out employees would rather get those benefits in a wage than an incentive. What they dont realise is all those benfits (Provided lunches, fuel, etc) was basically tax free income. My employees are actually happier now, which is what matters.
When the democrats pay you to sit home and pay you for it why work ? That’s what’s going on and I don’t need a glittery box 📺 to tell me . I’m in the trenches and see it first hand
Maybe its a wages problem 🤔🤔🤷‍♂️
The answer is easy, overreacting to covid and closing everything down for months, and then coupling that with federal vaccine mandates.
Exactly why I quit my management position at McDonalds!! It’s like people don’t realize or just don’t care A LOT of places are short staffed..people should appreciate those who show up and try their best..I was only making $11 an hour, working 60+ hours a week and didn’t have enough employees but still tried my best to serve customers who were still ungrateful even after explaining were really short staffed..9 times out of 10 it would only be me and 1 or 2 other people working..customers would all complain about the long wait time and expect free or discounted food for the inconvenience and get an attitude when I said NO. I got tired of arguing with people ALL DAY EVERY DAY!! It was not worth continuing to deal with the stress
What about her husband?  He has now become the only bacon producer, father and husband.  Apparently this only affects the women.
Pay more tax less
Because one lack of pay, two lazy and like unemployment, and three lack of respect in the workplace. Fix these three things then America would be wonderful. Many Americans work their butts off for $13-$16 an hr. My father has an electrician license, plumbing license and a HVAC license and works at a major university for facilities management works in all 3 fields at his job and makes $16.50 my father deserves double that. Especially when he can come home and fall asleep standing up.
https://youtu.be/QZg0v-RBsJU
https://youtu.be/QZg0v-RBsJU
https://youtu.be/QZg0v-RBsJU
https://youtu.be/QZg0v-RBsJU
https://youtu.be/QZg0v-RBsJU
https://youtu.be/QZg0v-RBsJU
Lotsa luv to the U.S. from the U.K.!!!....employers/workplaces treat people like dirt ..... Time for payback.....👍🙂♥️🇬🇧♥️🇺🇸
How is it better pay with prices goin up on everything. should say less pay for high prices. no better pay no better nothing
Dislike
Pay says the same for years and they don’t offer to pay more people more money when every item is going up they need workers maybe increase the pay 🤷
"Better pay" = Still cant afford for basic needs lol.
I dont want to work a crappy job!!
There’s a lot of money and work, they want to stay with all of it and pay us miserable wage. #paymore.
Who? Who is offering better pay, benefits, and signing bonuses?
I like where I work so instead of walking away myself and two other employees went into the office demanded more money and got it I also chose my own schedule and hours I will work. A demanding job deserves a lot of respect I already had that however I have worked for places and been treated badly so I get it.  I'm wondering if illegals who are able to work will eventually fill these positions?
Ok this might be a long shot, but here goes nothing. I have a business idea for a food shop, but I have no idea how to go about making it happen. This pandemic has really opened my eyes in the sense of working to live is not the way to go, especially working for a company that could careless if you survive or parish. I guess what I’m asking is if anybody could give me some advice on where to get started to make my business a reality.
people are tired of being treated poorly, and paid worse. being forced into that situation is difficult, but now is an actual life or death complication, without added benefits or protections. they are given a full and obvious understanding, that can not be disputed, of their worth to the boss. and the now understand they are worth nothing.
When you treat people as Expendable,  they'll show you how Expendable they are not.   You've turned college into a corporation pumping out debted slaves, public school into large day care prisions.  Wonder why child birthrate at all time low. NO LOVE.
Could it be the unconstitutional m-RNA gene therapy mandates?  "There's a lot of reason to be hopeful in 2020." - Biden 2022
They quitting because of mandate 6jabs6
I think a massive bull run in crypto and stock market in last two years played a part too. Lot of my friends made millions just by putting their stimulus pay into crypto market. They will never work again....
Welp, chances are great youre about to lie about it..   ...Uh huh. How about all the unnecessary restrictions that forced others to stop working, and then more mandates when it was past time to go back. Not to mention the false sense of entitlement by a small group of people who just don't feel like working now that you showed them they don't have to. You did this. You outlawed working, and then get shocked when everyone quits. And that goes quadruple for the moving part. And noo, that's not "cuz affordable housing" (she didn't even believe that when she said it). Its actually because no one wants to live in democrat ran cities now because you defunded all the police while buring down those cities and called anyone who didn't like a racist. Your actions have consequences. 🤯
In the words of shaq...."Man up!"
It's cuz we know da WAE now
This is the real Pandemic..
Construction lol oh yeah we need more building and house why? When we got so many houses / building that is empty lol
This is the culmination of 40+ years of the working class being thrown under the bus by the political class of BOTH parties, who serve the corporate lobbyists & industry interest groups-  not the American people.   The Democrats have not been the party of the working class for many decades now, & Republicans never were. I hope this is the beginning of a long-overdue renewed Labor movement.
What Happens When Everything Is Skin-Deep When you do not see the person beyond the skin, you do not see the person. Instead of worrying about who people are, they need to think about how they feel about each other.   When you look at today’s American society and the ideas it is trying to install in people’s minds, you realize that something is seriously wrong with it. When under the guise of “liberalism,” one can determine one’s gender identity according to what one “feels inside,” without even undergoing any medical procedure, and, according to ACLU, “government agencies that serve the public cannot stop you from using the restroom or other sex-segregated facility that matches your gender identity, or ask you to provide ID to prove your gender in order to use a restroom or other sex-segregated facility,” things cannot go right. It is simply not natural. But it isn’t only gender identity issues that plague American society. The obsessive occupation with identity politics leaves no room in people’s hearts and minds to actually see the human beings behind the categories where we place them. The preoccupation with people’s skin and identity started a long time ago, but it accelerated over the past decade or so. Along with the intensification of the ego, various distortions of society overtook common sense. Take the participation of transgenders in women’s sports, for example. In the name of trangender rights, women’s rights are being crushed and trampled. I don’t see how this can end well. I have no magic formula to cure this situation, but it seems to me that one of America’s problems is that it never experienced a revolution, not in the real sense of the word. I am not referring to a revolution like the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917 Russia. In those days, the Russians were completely unprepared for a revolution and the results were accordingly miserable. Rather, when I speak of a revolution, I mean an ideological transformation that the entire nation undergoes. Take the French Revolution, for example, or similar processes that took place in England or Germany, in various forms, and you will see what I mean. If you cannot go beyond skin-deep, it leaves you with nothing but obsession about people’s skin color. This attitude then radiates to every aspect of people’s lives. Instead of thinking about connecting with others, they focus on power over others, which makes them obsess over wealth and power. This is why America’s God is the dollar. In order to grow, people’s hearts must be shaken to the core. Their values must be challenged and they must rethink everything they think is right. Changes may be frightening, but they are an inseparable part of maturation. Once people learn to see reality from more than just one angle, they develop a more serious and moderate attitude to life, and especially to other people. Otherwise, their worldview remains unchanged, unchallenged, and they cannot think about anything other than superficial (and divisive) labels or accruing wealth in order to gain power, not realizing that beyond the provision of necessities, more money will not make them happier. In the end, excessive power makes people lonely, and loneliness makes people sad. This contradicts life’s purpose, which is to be happy. Therefore, I think it is time for America to go back to the basics. People need to be who they are because they are fine the way they are. Instead of worrying about who they are, they need to think only about how they feel about each other .
you let one ant stand up to us then they all might stand up to us, those puny lil ants outnumber us 100 to 1..and if they ever figure that out there goes are way of life.. its not about money its about keeping those ants in line... whos els loves bugs life?
I think this is an opportunity for those without much education or experience. These jobs may not be great but if you can get one and gain experience now, you'll be better off when the tides change. But choose wisely - a dead-end job today will be a dead-end job tomorrow. And you'll need a bit of ambition to make it pay off.  Please look for the silver lining rather than focusing on the negative presented here.
God blessed me with a pretty cool boss, he teared up on Christmas Eve and said it’s not my company but yours and have everyone a $300 dollar bonus. Either work for yourself or work for a family owned business, anything outside of those walls in this age is just crazy.
It's all fun and games until AI becomes the new employee.
I just taking advantage of the overtime ,, I can't afford to quit
Roberts gone take their places
Average Joe's telling the fat cats to stick their jobs. Trickle down economics is coming to an end. We'll do our own thing thanks. I'd rather live in the woods than work for the man ✊
I'll take a job. Don't make me take the jab though because I won't do it
Companies with record profits will need to rethink what they offer.
People are lazy
I've been contemplating about leaving my job. Other employers offer better pay and sign on bonus. Meanwhile, I haven't gotten a raise since the pandemic started. We normally get one every six months. And I work on the front lines. So I understand why some people are quitting their jobs.
Well in Canada we're being let go, our 'choice' because the jabby jab, my ex-employer gave us the ultimatum, jab or lay-off w/o pay, so walk off was inevitable, currently trying to get my own businesses going.
Who is going to pay if all these people won’t be able to reintegrate into the labor market? I expect the taxpayers will take care of them otherwise we will have millions of unemployed/new poor people sooner or later. Or maybe these people have the luxury to quit thanks to family support. Don’t forget the automation revolution is around the corner, it will obliterate almost 50M jobs. Robots are becoming incredibly faster, reliable, and on a business standpoint, no strikes, no rights, no breaks, no contracts, 24/7. I’m not talking only about manufacturing industry, automation could be also an accounting or insurance software. I don’t know it these people have thought about it. However,  Interesting time ahead maybe this could be the start of something new. The last statement “there is no office that can offer me what I have in my house” is quite alarming, it means that the usual business social interactions are going to be minimized as a conference call and soon as an avatar in the Metaverse.
Great video. Facts!
Now I work from home; more hours than when I had to go into the office.  I worked 10 hours in the office and now work 15 hours from home, and every weekend.  I'm expected to keep up this pace because I don't have to commute.
We’re witnessing the rise of the working class, such as Karl Marx predicted.
How is it possible to quit a job...what you gonna do?
Lol they think people are leaving San Francisco and Chicago because of housing costs?!? Probably has nothing to do with the tyrannical local political leaders that let psychopaths burn their cities down...
Maybe some people don’t want to be forced to receive the most effective, legitimate vaccine for the deadliest virus in human history…
Greenville native here, Please stay away we don’t have the infrastructure to support mass migration. Nor can the locals afford basic affordable housing, thanks to those coming from the north and West.
How about employees who don't agree with the shot mandate. I know many who are changing/leaving jobs because they are standing for freedom.
How about can the mandates
We need congress to address the ridiculously low amount of paid time off we get per year.  No country on the planet works workers to the burn out stage like America does.  We need at least two months off annually.  Every month should have a three day weekend or better, a four day weekend.  And I think businesses will find that increased leisure will stimulate the economy in many ways.
I've been retired for nearly six years. However, I would not think about quitting a job unless I had a firm job offer in hand. There were always bills to pay. It wasn't an option to go for weeks or months without regular income. Prior to COVID, most people didn't have $400 saved up for an emergency. They were living paycheck to paycheck. What did they do when the credit card bill came?
The bottom line is a change is social views. People in the work force now are the same people from 10 years ago that were internet and phone addicts from youth. The majority are of the “right now” mentality, they don’t want to work there way up, they want the VP position out of the gate
We say in Europe: Europeans work to live, Americans live to work. Looks like things are changing in the US.
https://youtu.be/13atIBCs5oI
Bidens free handouts.
The system is broken, bad human relations and a lot of stress produce mental illnesses that people dont want to have. Big companies dont give a damn about their employees, they treat them as a commodity rather not as human beings. And its gonna get worse, day by day.
Retail is the worst. The “find someone to cover if you want that day off” is crap. Like no im not asking I’m TELLING you I’m not gonna be here we all need a day off sometimes, the job needs me more than I need them.
I just watched a video, saying how there are people applying but no one really calls them back like that one that applied for entry positions on 60 different job posting but only got like 1-3 reply~
People are learning that quality of life matters. Companies will need to internalize that in their corporate culture if they want to hang onto quality employees.
I teach. We can’t find subs or regular classroom teachers. Our children are suffering as a consequence. You don’t get a consistent education without a regular teacher.
we need employers to compete for labor in all areas
because Free MONEY that's why. Cut those free cheques so that businesses don't have to compete with the government.
I have been employed since i was 14 and barely make more now than i did then. Minimum wage needs to go up instead of paying people pennies on the dollar. I work in the Healthcare. Only way to make more by going elsewhere is is to go from a 1:1 patient ratio to 25:1. Thats illegal but thats reality, even though companies promise help. They are lie and Management isnt even willing to help.
It took over half this piece to get to the root issue.   Pay them more, treat them like humans. How novel.
I'm sure there is truth to all these reasons but you fail to mention the biggest elephant in the room.  People would rather quit their jobs than get mandated with medical experimentation as a condition of employment.
Link cards for unmotivated parents. Assisted housing for people with children. Public schools shutting down. Hmmmmm seems lousy parents with accidental children are the problem.
Employers don’t give a darn about their employees and they’re committing medical tyranny. They don’t own their employees and people are sick of it!!
Meanwhile, Biden: "we have created more jobs in the last few months. Americans are now working again"
In a nutshell, fear Allaah the One, the Overpowering as you have reached the year of major incidents. Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammad Al-Yemeni 02- January - 2022 AD    bQZNER
When we all saw the 2020 election get stolen, and the pantomime vaccine mandates after it, it affects morale.
ONE MAIN PROBLEM IS THE DUMBSTER TRUMP THAT GAVE MILLIONAIRES A TAX BREAK THAT DIDN'T NEED IT AND THE WORKERS THAT COULD USE IT THAT WORK SO HARD DIDN'T. ME USES THE REPUBLICANS AND SUPPORTERS TO GET MONEY OUT OF THEM WHEN HE CLAIMS TO BE A BILLIONAIRE AND THEN STATES HOW DUMB THE ARE WHEN THEY WORK SO HARD AND IF THEY EVER NEED ANYTHING FROM HIM WOULD NEVER GET IT HE IS NOT A HUMAN BEING BONE SPURS IN HIS BRAIN NOT FEET. I DON'T FELL SORRY FOR THE SUPPORTERS AND REPUBLICANS THAT STILL SUPPORT HIM A NON HUMAN THAT SAID ON TV IF KILLED SOMEONE' ON 5TH AVE IN NEW YOUR NO ONE WOULD DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT SO YOU PEOPLE STILL KISS KISS HIS BACKSIDE THAT IS SICK A WIVE CHEATER DRAFT DODGER BANKRUPTCY KING WAS THE PERSON THAT GOT THE PEOPLE TO GET THERE ON JANUARY 6TH AND NO SUPPORT TO STAND UP FOR THEM SITTING ON HIS BACKSIDE WATCHING ON TV WHAT WAS GOING ON AND DID NOTHING TO STOP IT THAT WAS NOT HIS FAKE NEWS. AND NOW YOU WONDER WHY PEOPLE DON'T WANT TO GO BACK TO SOME JOB'S WAKE UP. HAPPY DOING AT HOME IF THEY CAN. WHAT COUNTRY DO WE LIVE IN IF WORKERS  DON'T GET RESPECT  FOR SHOWING UP EVERY DAY  AND PAY THEY NEED TO LIVE ON IS THAT FAKE NEWS GOOD QUESTION. HOPE THE PEOPLE THAT SUPPORT THE BACKSIDE OF YOU KNOW WHO WAKE UP HE IS NOT EVER NEEDED AGAIN HAD THE WHOLE WORLD LAUGHING AT US STOP THE BACKSIDE KISS KISS.
The pandemic did this, the pandemic did that. No the irrational RESPONSE to the pandemic did it.
Democrats selling out America one day at a time. Propaganda posts pushing Democrats narrative and America laughs and laughs at them
They're offering healthcare at $400 a month out of your pocket that's not offering f****** healthcare.
You'd be surprised that given all of this and despite thriving in a remote work environment, some employers haven't opted to keep virtual work though they've thrived and employees are happier. Some sectors still have the attitude that you should be happy to work here. If that weren't the case, private employers making jobs dependent on getting vaccinated wouldn't have worked so well in increasing the percentage of vaccination.
Not a word about the vaccine mandate that made millions lose their jobs? Now that’s what I call a stupid , misleading article. It looks like a propaganda for progressive idiots telling us we are so wanted. What a shallow, insulting article that ignores the number one issues that comes with vaccine mandates. Tyrannical government now collaborate CIA and other government branches that where destroyed by Obama and “democrats” fascists.
Biden is thier sugar daddy with taxpayers money they got comfortable sitting around and screwing over the country
Also... check the funeral home boom. Lots more dead people than usual. ??
We have to stay home with our kids because schools won't stay open because of COVID 19 or pay 1000 a month for a stranger to watch them that's maybe why we are quitting
There is a huge wage gap between the average workforce and upper management. They did a study from 1978 to 2020, in 1978 CEOs were only making 12x the salary of your typical worker, however, in 2020 CEOs were making 351x the salary of the typical worker. When profits are made by the company almost none of it goes to the workforce other than their salary. With the rising cost of healthcare, food cost, housing, etc., the average worker has to sacrifice time and money for basic essentials rather than leisure time with friends and family. Most households have to have two incomes in order to stay afloat. With the improvements and faster speed on the internet, people are realizing that they can work from home and most people have opted to move away from the big cities and settle in smaller towns where prices are still reasonable. This is a trend that is not going away, eventually, big cities will be overcrowded with people that are unemployed with an increase in crime and higher taxes for those who are still employed. It's a tough pill to swallow, only time will tell what lies ahead for the future.
There’s no affordable housing
I quit because I realized was dying slowly but surely in a job that only met bills so ill die some other way now but not  day by day.
People are working just to cover there bills, People are tried of working 50 to 60 hours A week. People are tried of terrible bosses. People want more vacation time 1 week is not enough,  we need 4 to 5 weeks of vacation that's just 10% of 52 weeks per year
Two years of working from home and no plans on ever going back in to an office, 2 hour commutes and the stress of going in were terrible for my health.
I lost my job when the Pandemic started and started delivering pizzas.  I was called "an essential worker" but was crapped on by my job and the customers during the entire pandemic. I watched as the customers gave me 0 tips and the store collected $4 for each delivery in the form of delivery fees.   Then I heard about the billionaires still got richer during the pandemic.  I'm done working to make some rich guy richer.
then what.  supply and demand, raise the PAY.   LOL  WTF.
So most of the people that are quitting their jobs are younger people and this lady‘s talking about because they’re just burned out what a crying shame I’ve been working longer than 25 years I’ve never had that attitude if you want anything in life you need to go and get it nobody’s going to give you a damn handout
Sounds like a robot problem
We need better treatment and wages.
I could feel similarity between USA and Asian employees whilst watching this video. Many employers especially in retail sales pay less than they get profit. Individuals looking for a job are hired easily and then they quit job because of low salary and more demand from supervisors. Retail sales and hotel businesses are the least paid places. The same situation in United Arab Emirates and other Asian countries. Everything looks perfect at first sight until you go inside the working duties.
When will we start paying hard laborers more than online stars ?
Its time for a revolution and a civil war where we take back our land and resources from the billionaires.
Most people want universal healthcare in America, you know who doesn't? Corporations. They spend hundreds of millions of dollars along with the Industry themselves to keep Americans going to work to get subsidized healthcare.  Like the US military and free college. That carrot that keeps us coming back.
In my experience "flexibility" really means being flexible for the employer they dont care if you're the only parent raising kids or whatever employees are dealing with.
Glad to see these small businesses thriving despite the pandemic challenges. Glad that employee have started to live in a way that suits and benefits them more.
Got to say I have a lot of mixed feelings about this. On the one hand I'm extremely proud and supportive of the courage and self awareness it takes to quit your path and strike out for something new. Especially love that workers are standing up for themselves against the mistreatment that managers and employers have dealt to them. Obviously there's a basic level of treatment and respect that every person deserves no matter their job function.  On the other hand, we live in a capitalistic society where Competitively Making money is what the whole system is built on. That's just what it is. I personally hate and don't agree with that, but that's what the system is. Compete. Make money. Need money to pay bills and live. Those are the realities of our world. It is what it is, and greed and corruption of power have made it that way.   I think its pretty clear there are many people that have power that shouldn't and that many have abused their power/positions for their own gain at the expense of others and the masses. So changing people in power is definitely a need at this point. People in power meaning managers, CEOs, leaders in companies, leaders in government. Anyone who is in a position of authority that uses that position for selfish gain over the collective common good. Needs to change.  But changing out the people in power is only half the solution. Because at heart, it's a problem of the heart. You can't just change a figure head and expect the whole system to change. It's the principles and realities behind that system driving it that need to really change too. And this all comes down to, really, love.   As long as people value making money and gaining power for themselves over loving the person next to them NOTHING will change and it will only get worse. Most people, many of you reading this, if you're honest with yourself, when push comes to shove care more about making money and getting ahead for yourself than of taking care of the person next to you. That's why the world is the way it is.   And honestly only the love and the person of Jesus Christ can change that. Experiencing the love of Jesus for yourself is the only thing that can change your hearts and desires to want to be different. To WANT to love and to WANT to live and to be different. God's love is the only thing that can change a persons heart. And so I pray that you reading this genuinely experience the Love of Jesus Christ for you. And are profoundly and positively forever changed by it. Seek it. Ask him for it. And maybe, just maybe, we can change the realities of the system, one heart at a time.
I worked for a company that pays new employees more than old ones !
I always enjoyed working. Makes me use my brains and my smarts. But in the work place many dont want to work. They find ways to be part of that cliche that gets away with doing nothing 🤷🏽‍♀️ coworkers are the worse
I left my job after 15 yr of sun up to sun down. I've been able to spend time with my wife and children. If I go back it'll be remote from home with flexible scheduling so I can keep that time sick of breaking my back and missing everything
At my jobs at hospitals I only wanted to do the best I could and learn and be part of a professional team, but there's this atmosphere of treating employess quite badly at hospitals. Very bad treatment and not appreciating the team nor the individual. The hospital jobs I had - I can tell you how dedicated and proud I was to have my job and my career but the CEO, the section supervisors, even other department heads they treated us so condescendingly like unimportant and selfish rats for wanting a simple paycheck. There was nothing to make us feel part of a team and we felt hurt and had very little loyalty. I hope people realize now that this administrative treatment is barbaric and not conductive to good business nor to businesses thriving and hurts the clients most of all.
Welcome to capitalism eating itself
Construction wanna pay 14 hrly for hard labor and you have to drive up to an hr or more to get to the job site .
Quit treating employees like a number
I think the vaccine mandate has a lot to do with it
Corporations make millions and the worker in the U.S. makes peanuts. Wanna move your company out of the states well good luck importing it back as it awaits arrival sitting in a shipping container.
Yall cry alot illegals get no benefits
Problem is employees are lazy and entitled now. They only make a business maybe $10/h (small business owner) and expect $20/h pay.  Zero risk for employees, pure risk for business owners. Tell me why I should pay you good to make me little money? Now if you make me $40/h than yeah I'll pay you more
“The fall of Rome”
I quit pre-covid 😭
jobs don't pay enough.. plain and simple
I’m 5 minutes in and no one has mentioned wages yet… tell me they’ll mention wages. Lol.
It’s the work from home revolution. The entire world  has realised that most jobs CAN BE DONE FROM HOME. People value their time more than anything now. People have had the time to reflect on their priorities and it’s now a worldwide shift.
Yeah I’m with all the other commenters.   Works got me crying most nights, and they don’t care if I live or die over it.
On an episode about workers, I'm really disappointed at how little they actually interviewed workers. They failed to highlight how abusive, low-paying and riddled with poor-working conditions so many jobs have become. Minimum wage has stayed the same for years, companies offer no room to grow and no increase in pay but saddle workers with more and more responsibilities all the while real estate and rent, college tuition and healthcare costs have climbed to insane heights. People are tired of being trampled upon by companies with management that doesn't listen and puts a million people between them and their workers. It's truly disgusting
I would quit as well when this pandemic made me see the real truth the employer is after PROFIT not good employee treatment
Ohhhhh idk maybe y'all trying to mandate things you know covid shots or sticking something in there brain
Retail and hospitality work sucks.
Welcome immigrants plenty of jobs for a better life
Most don’t want to work for a communist policy employers!
This is the truth. If my job wasnt remote I dont think I would still be in it.
There is obviously an opportunity for companies to improve their employees' relationships.
Free money and never ending money printing. Some people make this money through transfer payment and asset speculation  to buy real goods and services. Fools trade their hours, hard work and ingenuity for money created out of nothing for the free consumption of those who get it without producing anything. People are waking up and deciding not to work!
Please hire me
A very interesting data. It will have implications on the economy for years to come.
Working with the public sucks. People are rude and nasty. Better working at home .
I retired because the expectations and number of hours kept going up with no increase in pay. I feel free and never realized how much life I was missing.
Welfare period
It's just to scary to work. Why work when Biden is giving away money like it grows on trees!  Reality check!
Hospitals fire people who for get vaccinated so it’s a problem their self
My 26 yr old works for $5 dollars an hour with AmeriCorps, a National Service Program also called the domestic Peace Corps, engages more than 75,000 Americans in intensive, results-driven service each year. $5 an hour!!!!! I know its volunteering, but a person has to eat
Not seeing any comments about mandates to get pricked. That's a big reason.
This is exactly what the real rulers do not want.  When the industrial revolution started we had people from farming areas that needed to be trained for jobs that required they work certain hours at repetitive jobs, with few skills.  They trained people to turn over health to doctors, education to teachers and so forth so independent thinking was not rewarded.  Now with AI abd robots they do not need so many workers.
This video can't even get it right.  NO ONE WANTS TO COMPLY WITH GOVERNMENT MANDATES.  FJB.  TELL THE TRUTH.  They are fleeing Democrat sh!t holes.
I was a little disappointed they only mentioned moms (with working husbands) as “hardest hit”. Try being a single mom and going through this.  It’s terrifying.
I love seeing this the table has turned with out employees you don't have a business
People are not living to work. They are Working to live.
I think most people now are aware of the risk that working brings so they have decided that it is better to live off of savings than it is to get sick and go bankrupt or worse die from the inept hospital system.  Employers thought they could let people go when business slowed and they'd come running back, but they weren't expecting them to stay quarantined DOH!
After fighting for years for handicapped accessible desk chair and footrest, I also don't have access to a wheelchair so I needed a closer workstation to the restrooms. Those were supposed to have been provided but after I was hired that was a different story. I work from home now and built my desk, bought the chair I have always needed, an ergonomic keyboard are mouse, footrest and a footstool. An adjustable height keyboard rest.  All those things I was told would cause issues with my coworkers.  I will never work in an office again.  I'm also 54 so I may also not be able to retire  either, but if I can just keep working from home I'll do fine.
"People have been living to work" is this new Liberal talking point. I cannot understand how they do not care about the legalized slavery that allows the US not to work & live of the blood & tears of cheap Asian labor. Liberals love Lattes, Child Labor & NAFTA.
Fine!!, nobody wants to work??. Ok.. then open the border for temporary Visa Workers!
Biden is giving out free money and no one has to work.
Good times create weak men, weak men create bad times, bad times..
What a trash piece of news interview employees
and these people who quit there jobs...how are they paying their bills now??  Did they clean out their 401k's?  Its not from the stimulus money, because I havent got a stimulus check for over 6 months
From personal experience, I honestly think it’s lack of respect. I worked at CVS and the managers take “ The customer is always right to a whole new level, even when they’re wrong.
Because Americans are realizing their worth and they’re aren’t going to be used to the last drop and being paid peanuts. How is it possible to work yourself to the bones and still not have enough money for the bills. I’ve met so many people that can’t even afford to take a proper vacation!
8:52 - 9:55 This is the benefit of having a husband. This woman had the position to quit her job because she knows her husband will cover the bills until she decides to work again. For the all the single women who believe in feminism, take notes.
Money ENSLAVES US ALL
Capitalism is shrinking the cities
Chinese virus and the democrats mandates.people do wants the anti chinese virus vax. To force the people they rather collect black welfare the give the fed taxes
I believe people are sick of trading their lives for very little pay.
Here's an idea REMOTE HOTELS! Pay online get a code to your room , no front desk necessary??? Just thinking out loud 🤔  In a few years A.I . Will take over there  won't be any job's!
I quit my engineering job in 2015 - and started my own consulting business.  Some colleagues ask if I would consider returning to the stability of a full time job - just as the lady says at the end of this video - there’s no way any company can offer what I have working from home.  The idea of sitting in a cubicle from 9am to 6pm seems preposterous now.
Pffft!  They're quitting because they don't want to wear suffocating muzzles all day and they don't want endless injections that provide no immunity for them, only for Big Pharma..
I just started reading responses to this segment and all the same NO RESPECT!!!
I grew up in the 60s started working at 14, what I've noticed is work ethics! There is no longer pride in a job, and I think this is a big part of people walking out! Not to mention not being appreciated at your Job. Management needs a over haul!  Try encouraging your workers , praise them instead of discouraging your workers! You might find a happy group instead of a depressed work force! One of my first jobs would give bonuses to encourage you to do better. Contest to get patrons to go online and praise a worker for a job well done! I guarantee you'll see a difference, not to mention people won't mind coming to work! Also I think women have found spending time with their kids is a good thing!!!!
I worked in a restaurant in Greenville, SC.  They fired me and the hiring manager for no valid reason.  The other problem is getting housing there as the landlords are notorious for throwing you out for no valid reason.
4:21 Texas, Florida, SC, what do they have in common? The government is against the vaccine mandates, actively passing bills to prevent employers to suspend or fire people due to not getting the shot. Disgustingly blindfolded 60Minutes Video!  Truly disgusting. Not mentioning vaccine mandates is journalistically unsound, and, i guess, consciously manipulative.
3:57 watch him say that he doubled his revenue year after year meaning he has probably 10x his initial revenue... how much do you think his employees saw of that doubling of revenue year after year?
So, professional positions are becoming migrant too
Wow, you left out the last of respect, drama and a tone of other things that employees had to put up with, before 2020. Don't you think that kind of stress might have something to do with the, 'shove this job?'  Also, kind of helps if you don't fire everyone, just because...
If anybody believe only 800k dead for Covid  it’s high i don’t see nomore old ppl at McDonald’s working they was the work force
No subtitles 😟
maybe its because the normal worker haven't  see a fair pay raise in about 30 years while we can see the prices on every thing has exploded the last 20 years  if my pay raise was a s big as the normal every day item cost this days my yearling pay raise on  1-3 % is fare from fair
I'm so glad for her 😁 she chose to do what's best her and her family 👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
They want two weeks notice so they can replace us but fire us right on the spot they don't give us two weeks lol let's not talk about the pay it's so low I can't even make a living off one thanks to the pandemic I figured out what I want to do with my life and working like I was pre pandemic I don't want that at all no life quality just work smh harder to save harder to invest because I'm always at work and I'm just working to pay my bills once everything is paid for I'm usually left with 40 bucks for the week and I live in NYC it sucks I'm moving to another state for better quality of work life balance
At first i was mad at people who were getting more money staying home during the scamdemic while we worked with a skeleton crew;  but now i see that previous generations were the ones who fell for "the american dream".  We only labor to get by, while the owner class lives care free with way more money than they know what to do with.  End stage capitalism? I hope so.
Higher pay doesn't mean anything if inflation cancels it out
The big quit? Biased bs as always.
Its bc ppl r lazy n dont wanna work n wanna blame it on covid reason
back in the 1980's you could buy a 3 bedroom house with a nice yard and garage for between 30,000 and 50,000.   Now in 2020 you're luck to find a house for less than half a million dollars, and are lucky if you're paid over 15 dollars an hour.   Even if you worked 3 life times and saved all of your money, you still could not buy a house, nor probably afford a new car, etc. So why the heck even work? There is no mystery here, it is pure logic.
Most employers are so evil treat their workers like children instead of adults, cheap pay, abuse, disrespectful, no care . You can’t even leave to pick up your children from school for sick reason. My daughter job told her she had to work even though she had Covid-19 and was very sick.
Gee, I wonder 🤔Maybe because the democrats have spent years telling the younger generations that they shouldn't have to work for anything??? Duh. 😖🤪 Leave it to the media to act clueless when it serves them only.
People are starting to cherrish freedom more then money
Pay people a fair salery and you'll have all the workers you need.
Why does the lady being interviewed keep smiling the whole time? Kind of annoying considering the seriousness of what she’s speaking on. Just an observation.
8:38 still missing a few million women (Only Fans)
Because life is too short to be stuck doing something you don’t enjoy.
They’re crazy for leaving there job.
Pay me a living wage.. they're desperate for wage slaves not employees lol
Money. Pay everyone more money.
Everyone is quitting America to work overseas
How about forced vaxx and people saying NO  and nothing about parents having to stay home with their children every time that someone coughs or sneezes and they call it covid?
I'm sorry but this is practically a commercial for recruiting tech case studies.
Do the work from home jobs America so you can balance family and work
The wall is undefeated
My last job I had, they the stealing corpse Co took 6 months to pay me my wages, after full union representation. They get to know you to steal, not paying your wages, aggravated hate via gambling with your life not paying 🐽 Pure racists!
Time for mass jobs walk outs and protest.
Absolutely not true, this has changed dramatically in the past month and people are begging for jobs
I thought the labor shortage was due to “omicron raging” making everyone call out sick 😂 🤷🏻‍♂️
It is a job problem start letting workers take a sick day when they are sick. Give more paid time off and less hours per week working balance work and family life. Americans work so much they barely spend time with their families.
I can tell you why. The poor .are finally. Figured out. Why work too be poor.when you can be poor. Just staying at home.
Canada is better than America
People in big cities want to be out in public less so less shopping and dining. Less shopping and dining, less employees needed. Less people moving, less people needing homes and home renovations. Less people alive, less people needed for people's stuff
Americans should leave America and go to Germany and other countries that treat their workers fairly
Because we are the generation that's more sensitive and this pandemic made us all realize that money is not about all or nothing. Right now, what matters is making the most out of our time with the things that truly meant happiness and that's family. 😉 #millennialhere
It is crazy you work a job and you can't afford to pay your bills while the corporate bosses get richer
All Americans should quit. These jobs should be more family friendly and give the same benefits people in Europe get.
Right to work right to quit
Spend 5 minutes in Reddit’s Antiwork sub and you will find out why.  It’s a lack of respect from employers and low pay.
Running out of time people get ready
Because you guys made it a rule get the jab or quit???? They didn't have a choice
The people that can and want to work have been fired due to the mandate and its hard to find a job that will hire us without having to take the vaccine. This is also part of the problem that is not being addressed because the president does not want to admit the negative effects of the mandate.
Employees should always be in drivers seat #forwardtogether #breakupbigbanksandbigtech
Most employers expect loyalty, but offer none in return. This has been my experience over the last 14 years. No income increase to cover inflation. I can't survive as my costs keep rising and I have very high expenses as I am involved in video production which requires keeping equipment up to date. Eventually the only option is to leave. I wouldn't feel comfortable in any working relationship as there is not way out of this situation. In Australia we have the same problem of not enough workers except the reason it happens is because the government has a policy of no vaccine, no job. I think that sheds a new light on the problem. Of course the federal government is claiming that this is job creation. If the media weren't covering up the problem they would be seen for the corrupt politicians they are.
A person requires 4 college ° from prestigious universities Just start the conversation off by saying "People are living to work"  😄😄😄😄😄😄. didnt you know that information contained in text book requires 80.ooo  of tution for it to sink in be understood or to be given credit by others. Lmao. I can same education off amazon books for alot cheaper!!!
5:28 the big lie
"record chronic fatigue" how did that happen?
because of your democratic policies cbs nbc msnbc cnn
i wish you would quit
Raise the god damn wage $15 min wage now.
consumerism is played out
"There is no office that could offer me what I have in my house."  Now that's putting employers on notice and if you can't offer that type of freedom you either won't get the worker you want or retain their employment.
there are people south of the boarder who are ready to enter USA, so most Americans should be careful
https://youtu.be/O5BTsJLcgQQ
I started my own thing THANK YOU JOE BIDEN 🙏 😊
This is not totally true and a lot of Mainstream media is promoting misinformation.  People are quiting but they are going completely different careers. So they are in different jobs all together or they started their own business.  Also the 4 million people that quit 2 millions of them were over 55 in age and took early retirement.. Do you blame them ?
If the women are smart they would walk away and stay out of the work force.  There is not taking care of your kids and working a full time Corp job.  Stay home with your kids take care of your kids.  Smart move!!
because capitalism is despicable
It's interesting that people started quitting jobs right after this plandemic. All the sudden a large amount of people have been losing jobs for refusing a vaccine. Something isn't right. I very seriously doubt this is the full story.
Well if you can quit more power to you.  I can't bills are not going to stop and I need to eat.
If you dropped out of high school,spent your teens and twenties getting high and partying and now you have no education? Surprise surprise,you`re too late to "demand flexibility" in your job as a waiter/busboy😡
The pandemic turned out to be a blessing in disguise.
she nailed it!
You ask why because of dems.  All these high prices are on the dems
Who else literally feels like YouTube is their best friend during Covid ? 😘😍😘😍😘
60 Minutes.........Endless PROPAGANDA
Their choosing not to be vaccinated
Calling people Workers instead of Employees lowers their stature in society as just another cog in the corporate wheel, a disposable replaceable resource. 60 Minutes should include the employees perspective in these stories.
This is quite misleading for the following reasons:  1 - The industries mentioned are: retail and hospitality. These were the most affected industries during the pandemic by a long margin. Retail stores were closed. There was no travel, therefore no work in hospitality. How can Linkedin be so sure that people in these industries didn't lose their jobs instead of quitting? There are no fields on Linkedin where users can specify why they are changing their job status. I changed jobs during the pandemic because I received a better offer from another company like many other people I know. I enjoyed my previous job too.  2- How can they be so sure that people in healthcare were quitting their jobs, considering that the demand for healthcare workers skyrocketed during the pandemic?  3- Most people moving to smaller cities have the privilege of working from anywhere. Aren't they just enjoying their perks rather than quitting their jobs?  4- Yes, many companies have waked up for remote work and are now offering this perk and winning talents from companies that don't offer the same benefit. Yes, this may be considered quitting.  I seriously doubt everyone is simply quitting their jobs with bills to pay and nowhere else to work like the woman interviewed.
The reality is; people with gifts and talents , aren't letting them go for $10 to $12 dollars an hour anymore. I haven't lost all hope, but Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder both can see (no disrespect to them intended) that this country is going down the drain. People are flat-out tired of the rich getting richer. It's only going to get rougher. So keep strong and courageous. Only the strong survive . Ya  understand! And I'm not talking about physical size and all types of muscles. Nehemiah said  "......... not by might nor by power, but by My SPIRIT saith the Lord.
Only fools sell their labor force to a corrupt society.
I left my job of 21 years December  24th of 2021 , the elephant in the room far as work is concerned is the work life balance, yea it requires a job to live, but every decision you take, or move you make should not be based around work schedule.  You should be allowed time and days off to have down time and do more than chase money. The CEOs have work life balance, and they are able to live life and enjoy their family and friends when ever they choose to. People are not wanting to wait to retire to enjoy green pastures.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-hY2Cbcd6A  - OMG ...
The amount of employers questioned in this interview speaks volumes to which narrative is trying to be pushed here.
it's sad understand
Automation will soon start solving the lack of employees in many sectors, and once that ball starts rolling there’s no stopping.
When The Government gives you incentive to stay home, there’s no reason to work…. One day, you will return
Generation Z does not exist yet we have another ten years before that happens I think the narrator meant millennials millennials
Honestly the real truth is all the unemployment money that was just out to people who sit on your keisters should have went to the people that were working at least an extra hundred or $50 in a paycheck a week in the workers were ignored I personally want to say thank you for putting the roof from the line
Is this really a question? The government works to make people relying on them. Pays people more than they would get a job. Then jobs are forced to compete with that. Not to mention vaccine mandates.
World is waking up
Educated lady not getting it !!   Say it !! The jobs don't pay enough to justify working. Plus the well off don't work, the poor don't work, just a percentage have to sing for their Supper !!  They decided the pay isn't enough to sing a song
hopefully we are stumbling face forward into an unintentional general strike and employers and politicians will have to make measurable changes to the current system.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_OlX7M5MLA     Lies in the Textbooks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN31FCcUlLk      The Dangers of Evolution
Because life is too short to not live it
Age of Aquarius, earth residents are simply choosing their freedom...it's just the begining,next they will be planting trees back in those cities...ghost towns.
I want to work my driving job remotely..
Well people are realizing that there lives are more important than flipping a burger. If people don’t have money to get to work how can they work? Most of the warehouse companies don’t provide insurance until after a certain amount of time. Just starting a job can be impossible for some people especially if there isn’t any public transportation.
Yet  millions others in many countries are desperate for jobs but because of migration laws  high cost of visas and plain discrimination we have businesses without workers and workers without jobs open up the borders and allow qualified workers from around the world to migrate to fill job vacancies. So many Africans have no jobs yet they are experienced in masonry carpentry and the trades fields. So many can work in care hospitality and many other sectors. They want to work but the immigration laws are a barrier.
And yet so many felons still denied work in companies
So it’s physically hard labor workers who got pay minimum wage that walk. Hm…make sense.
Interesting story
My company fired me in 2020 because I refused to wear their ridiculous mask, so that enabled me to collect Unemployment, so I went on a one year long paid vacation in my camper touring America,,, I actually got to drive to 48 states in one year (mask & vaccine free)... I drove back to Florida to take advantage of MORE FREE BENEFITS, including FREE FOOD for 6 months... So I stocked up my camper with all the FREE BENEFITS and headed out on the road for more vacationing... THANKS DEMS & LIBS for 2 years of FREE BENEFITS &  2 YEARS PAID VACATION..... and now it's 2022, and I'M STILL VACATIONING!!!.... Thanks Dems & Libs for 2 years of taking advantage of the Dem/Lib Government.....LOL
Poor wages, long hours, employers taking advantage of the workers. health care attached to you job.  Yet the big companies still cant see it. They are doing the narrative of "we cant find workers" " they are getting to many benefits". Hopefully this is a start to new way forward.
Yes, incentives and pay for new employees, not for the ones already there. They actually increase situations of fear and threats to keep the ones there numb and stagnant. So quitting is actually the solution to get raises and respect.   The home makers feel desolated while the mistresses get filet mignon and hotel cuddles.
There's a weird amount of anti-vaccer's in the comments
Why go back to working a part time, low pay, no benefits job when you see warehouse, distribution center full time jobs with higher pay, benefits and a little more dignity.
It's not a lack of employee problem, it's a lack of respect and pay problem.
The silver lining is customer service jobs... bruh it really isn't worth it to be honest as someone that has worked in the food industry and customer service for half a decade. Not enough appreciation and having to be like a robot to managers demands, ridiculous work loads and rude "always right" customers.
I left my job as an assistant night manager at a grocery store because I wasn't going to be treated like a disease and wear a mask over a 99.97% survival rate virus
Loving how they make it into a big mystery : pay workers more, pay your shareholders, middle management and CEOs less and show everyone more respect - the end.
US goes European!
The amount of time and frustration you can save/dodge in a life time, while working from home is so revolutionary.
Funny how the folks who in the past used to balk at, say,  a line cooks complaints about low wages by saying it's a free market and if they want to make more they should educate themselves and find a better job, now scoff at the notion a line cook should command more money than a teacher in some cases. Well, if it's a free market and the market needs a cook then the cook gets paid. You can't have it both ways. But that is exactly what those who have been in power for the last four to five decades want. They want to keep paying people as little as possible whether demand is high or low for their services. They want their cake and to eat it, too. Sucks when it's your turn to be on the short end of the free market argument stick doesn't it, boss?
Burnt out, corporations need to stop allowing customers treat employees like crap. Customer is always right is a bunch of crap, and who came up with that!
Bad attitudes has increased 3x since the pandemic.  Lots of workers in customer service have reached breaking points.
Because...“If you have to be persuaded, reminded, pressured, lied to, incentivized, coerced, bullied, socially shamed, guilt-tripped, threatened, punished and criminalized ... If all of this is considered necessary to gain your compliance -- you can be absolutely certain that what is being promoted is not in your best interest.” - Ian Watson
One person who applied to 70 jobs and only 3 call backs, don't blame the worker.
Please I NEED A JOB SOMEONE HELP ME😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Living to work more like loving paycheck to paycheck with one medical emergency away from bankruptcy!
There are many reasons why people are choosing not to work. I believe people are tired of being in the office away from home and would rather be in the comfort of their own home (near their own private bathroom) watching Netflix and Youtube-am I wrong?
Employers are still a little arrogant. I am highly qualified and still have a little difficulty getting in the door.
I layman's terms: fed money printer go burrrrrr, inflation make citizens go gerrrrrr, while propogandist media (like 60min)  go durrrrrr
Garbage no actually journalism, interviewing the common person and getting their perspective, utterly detached from reality.
Lol people are leaving blue states to go to red states? Hahahahaha Main stream media trying to spin it that people are going to smaller towns! Look at how easily they say it’s not because of the grants that people are getting! Of course people won’t go work if they getting money for nothing!!!
Explanation you won't believe:   Force people into an impossible situation  by saying you must take the 'Jab' .  IE  Dictatorship.  No freedom...  ' the Gre at Res et '   ... investigate
Well we have to look at Amazon hiring the majority the millions that have died of the Covid and and all the deportations that Trump did in the last four years add all that up and you’ll get the answer to why you don’t have people
Free money, free everything. Socialist country. No one wants to work.
This video makes me angry because people like this lady who is very well off and obviously doesn’t have financial troubles can just quit her job and have time to sit around and find a new one.   That doesn’t work for the middle class,. The rich ended all the money benefits for us so now people HAVE to take higher paying jobs to stay afloat.   Including the cruel demands put into our working class because corporations think we’re just tools in a cog and can be easily replaced and forgotten.   Oh not to mention a global pandemic that puts everyone at risk, people aren’t putting their lives on the line for pennies on the dollar while CEOs have gotten some of the biggest paychecks on record.  Everyone’s frustrated and people need to realize it’s not a race war in America. All Lives Matter! Its a class war and we need to stand up and show them we the people are the power of the government not these corporations.
Amazon is the highest paid n the highest signup Bonus
The answer is robots, beep beep boop bop and give away free money to people
Maybe the U.S. society has reached a tipping point and is running towards a French Revolution? This might be the catalyst for universal healthcare, public universities to remain affordable and wage increase. The ‘08 crashed depressed the housing market squeezing the middle class without a single executive going to jail. Sorry to break it to the republicans and democrats, but rent never went down and everything else shot up!
Vaccine mandates!
i quit during that time due to lack of pay and safety. My job and the customers had no sense of respect for the health and well being of any workers.
job where
They really think the peoples is dumb getting paying low wages ain’t worth working at jobs not any more. Owning Business is the way.
r/antiwork
Um lol the jab is this really not crossing anyone's mind??
Want us to work while they’re paying minimum wage, poor benefits, and employers who have no sense of loyalty to their workers
This isn't news, you interviewed someone who said profits doubled, did salaries double? Doubt it..  It doesn't take a harvard degree to see what's going on. You have boomers who are retiring because covid = death for them. Then you have the youngest of genz who aren't interested in risking there parents health for minimum wage, then you have the one's that worked in the service industry that all lost there jobs when the country shut doen who have all shifted to other jobs. Not to mention media keeps saying don't gather, social distance, yet you want a waiter to interact with 100+ people daily, psh good luck with that.. Then you have the career employees who are tired hearing about companies record profits while the career employee struggles to make ends meat...  Power to the people!!
I got a 10% raise last year. But when I celebrated at a restaurant and noticed that the bill had gone up like 50%. Gosh!
Omicron!🤣 Don’t forget to grab a booster!🥴
Cause the Dumbocrats and rinos pay for them to sit on their butts and make deficit 28 TRILLION!!!... DUMBOCRATS HOW TO DESTROY A NATION 101
4:12 "It's a worker problem" Pffft
Can I be a remote doctor, how about a remote mechanic? What about those jobs
I wouldn't call this "The Great Resignation"...more like "The Great Lazy Nation".
Dislike! Bring them back!
I wonder when the spike in home, study and general debt crisis will start.  Or the demand of more social grants or the march to the capital demanding an increase of free housing, education and food.
Well social media also contributes to this as people are moving to blogging, tiktoks, small businesses. Which are more independent avenues that allow people to not have to certain jobs but rather do whatever they want and get paid
You really don’t know do you
IMIGRATION REFORM WILL FIX THE PROBLEM IN NO TIME. LIKE CANADA DID.
Mr Beast is form North Carolina if you know what I mean 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Cause they hate their jerbs!
Also, there's a record number of small businesses starting. How do we know? Corporate incorporations and limited liability formations.
The problem with employers is they don't believe in remote desktop connection technology but they understand cloud technology and require you to be in the office to remote desktop to virtual desktop on cloud servers.
Most employers expect loyalty, but offer none in return
Its not a lack of employee problem, its a lack of respect and pay problem
I quit because life is too short! In other words, if you want to work. Simple answer for employers. Take CARE of your workers period! Take care of them with GOOD living wages. With GOOD health coverage. With GOOD and FLEXIBLE time off. With GOOD work environment. In other words, TAKE THIS JOB AND SHOVE IT! We had ENOUGH of your garbage!
We were told to stay home and stay safe...then we went back into public to mandates and testings. Day cares, schools and places shut down anytime someone tests positive. We're 22 months later, more families are homeschooling and working online from home. We are staying safe and waiting for a better tomorrow!
😨
I'm all for the respect and better compensation from the corporation. The rich gets richer and the poor just gets poorer 🙃
People will be replaced by artificial intelligence.   long term   Problem
Theyre choosing to quit because because of the damn Mandates and fear of catching Covid!
Being a person in medical field I gotta say I’m pretty done with this job, people quitting here, which then leads to places being short staffed, which in term leads to areas in hospital not being able to handle the amount of patients. Gotta say it’s time to try something else given what I’m paid here is way less compared to even retail jobs, like this is back breaking and stressful, then seeing these other places, which I’m sorry don’t seem as bad as what I’m doing now, get paid more. Even if the pay would increase i feel like it’s a bit too late that other jobs just seem more appealing.
Its simple. The jobs aren't taking measures to keep people safe and theses jobs don't pay enough to risk your life. I guarantee you there isn't a labor shorting in any 6 figure jobs.
🤣 what we gonna do now¡ ask México and other countries for people to work¡ ¿ I thought we didn’t want them here 😞
I'll tell you why! This administration is making hard for the middle class, hard working Americans and even illegals are feeling it.
Support small businesses and independent contractors! Make communities great again.
Quit drug testing if there not bugging working let them be some can function on many thing variety with huge skills just lack of trust for these people as to there actions should let them have better chances
Because America don’t want to pay that is why jobs leave to other countries they tell you only 40 hours per week 15$ per hour but they want you to get a week job done like if you are working 60 hours per week not to be racist but not even black people will work like slaves and they want us to be the new slaves 💯
AMERICA NEEDS INMIGRANT WORKFORCE!
I work at a grocery store where theres a deli and meat counter. They get paid 30 more cents than starting worker and let me just say that measly 30 cents is not worth it for the amount of work they want done for the pay. now they are having trouble getting workers in these departments and they are wondering why all new hires sent to meat or deli are gone after a few days lol. id happily work in these departments if they paid right but they simply dont. and its not worth 30 more cents when the original starting position is 10x easier
Because dumb vaccines mandates n America don’t want to pay
I know I’m one of these employees. When the pandemic hit, my outlook in life also changed. Instead of just making more money, I learned to value my self-worth! I get to spend my time with family more! It was scary but worth it! Now, I’m starting over in a new place and hope this works out for me!
I wonder?!
Next trend.... people will be leaving the country mark my words
Wish I could quit mine, I haaaaate my job, but no unemployment if I quit….severely underpaid & a pain in my a$$ manager….wish they’d just lay me off….hoping to get a new one by April 🙏🏾
The first rule of fight club. DON'T TALK ABOUT FIGHT CLUB!!! 🐺 🌙 🌙 🌙
Because people are lazy
I think the forced jabs by some employers have something to do with this, although it will never be admitted by the media. I hope employers dictating what people should do with their bodies suffer.
High school and college graduates are entering the workforce with the lowest work skills we have ever witnessed.  Meanwhile, as a result of societal factors, including the government-involved illegal drug trade, the number of individuals with lower IQ's and those without marketable skills has escalated rapidly. There is also a hideous sense of entitlement coupled with the ignorant belief that individuals should have benefits/housing, etc., without obtaining an education that leads to a profitable career. The wealthy elites have spend billions of taxpayer dollars yearly on the technology that will replace low skilled workers with robots/machines;  so the corporations don't care if they quit. They will keep releasing viruses, injecting poisons, killing off the population with 5G radiation, illegal drugs, etc., until the overall population is "manageable".
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TELL THE TRUTH!  THE JAB MANDATES!!!! 💉💉💉😡
Not to brag and boast but I saw this change 25 plus years ago because I was one of them.  People are tired of watching the fortunate keep getting rich when they want to be rich themselves.  I left my job of 24 years 15 years ago because I wanted something that made me feel like I was contributing to society in my own way and doing what I wanted to do.  Yes it was about the money but who doesn't want to make more money doing what they love.  In Galatians 6 7 it says whatever a man sow that shall he reap, If I didn't take this opportunity my life would not be worth a damn.
I’m still waiting on unemployment that I filed for back in March. The government isn’t handing out money like people think they are. At least not in Maryland.
Democrats have always shown disdain for independence, wealth, and prosperity.
Here for the comments! 🍿✊✌
Vacmandate
Understanding
Wow. Karin Kimbrough is absolutely GORGEOUS!!
I'm afraid restaurants are going to put an end to dinning in and do carryout only.
Save cash we all need to black ban companies and drive down the stock and go back and buy stock  LOW then drive it up, then dump the stock...time the People pick companies to pump and dump!
Ok, but what do they do to bring in money?  How do they make money?
If people are leaving jobs to get other jobs, how are they quitting? Lol. You can't just quit working unless you plan on being homeless. People are changing jobs not quitting.
*Remembering the 2008 recession *Employers expect to much for low pay and low/no benefits *No flexibility *Being passed over for promotions *Nepotism *Discrimination...all sorts *Job threats *Bad job reports from disgruntled co-workers *Management refusing to acknowledge work related problems *Poor management *Being licensed and certified to death (health care) *Incompetent employees
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, therefore, if you confess with your lips the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life
Its an abusive one way relationship...buy local , second hand, visit shops, small markets.
Not buying it. Corporations  were unable to bring in exploited labor from across the border during a pandemic. This 60 min report is nothing but corporate propaganda. Pay people a living wage and they WILL work for you
the people on the antiwork subreddit are pitching a fit because they didn't get to be interviewed lmao
Amen!!!
the idea of jobs and business is a wack delusion.       We choose which delusions we want to follow. Some delusions have more potential than others to enhance the human experience. It could be the delusion of fame and fortune, or that science will fix everything for us. It could be the delusion of religion, or that you are god incarnate. One thing I feel is real is that we are not merely visitors here, not only part of this experience, but we are the universe, experiencing itself as individuals. Everything that exists adding its unique conscious perspective. The elements of our bodies were forged in the stars, yet our consciousness is somehow not our body. And how wonderful it is to get the human experience, allowing us to share in great detail our individual perspectives and experiences. The infinite potential we, as life on earth, have yet to realize. The delusion I choose to follow is that we will collectively understand that we as humanity, are the ones that choose the quality of our experience. The only one telling us it can't be done is ourselves. I would much rather be a simple nobody in a utopian world, all living things in harmony and balance, learning from the intelligence of evolution to advance and create technology and ideas to make life more enjoyable for all of us equally, to protect life from existential threats. I would much rather be a nobody in that world than king of this competitive world. We choose.
people are gonna find out they are gonna have to go back to work or be homeless pretty soon.  They are gonna find out there dream job isnt gonna pan out and you need money to live.  But if most that work computer desk jobs there isnt no reason they shouldn't work from home so they could make the same money but save on gas driving so its like a raise.
Let’s not talk about the men at all.
Hmm I wonder if the media monopoly has anything to do with it?????
Because these companies are forcing the jab! Speak the truth!!!
This woman sounds like she took 5 pills of xanax
As long as government keeps extorting money from taxpayers and passing it out to leeches in society, the problem will continue, and crime will continue to increase as well.
It’s an employer problem, NOT a worker problem. Pay them better, treat them better, and don’t over work them. It’s not difficult America…
It's simple, people no longer want to be a replaceable cog in a machine that treats them and everything around them like garbage.
I quit for better pay and more time with my family.totally worth. i wish I'd done it sooner.
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
It’s almost as if millions of people want a livable and inflation adjusted wage. 🤔
People need to pay healthcare worker more money... I'm talking about the techs and other people who aren't nurses or doctors.
Story
“Why are Americans quitting and not returning?” Because you don’t pay them enough, treat them well, and over work them to where they barely have a life. Plain and simple.
Power to the people! Proud of everyone. Standing and uniting. The fight doesn’t stop though
Another huge issue with all of this is minimum wage raising! I'm LIVID WHEN min wage goes up! Guys! Just like they how don't care about you, they don't care if it goes up! They just raise everyone ( even newcomers ) to the same wage! Then they raise managements income, store prices, and taxes. YOU'RE LITERALLY JUST AS BROKE BUT ALL YOUR HARD WORK EARNING RAISES GOES OUT THE WINDOW. THINK PEOPLE THINK.   We need a BETTER, MORE PERMANENT way to boost "low skilled" incomes. How about 🤭... get this. A LOYALTY REWARD SYSTEM THAT REWARDS EMPLOYEES WHO'VE WORKED THE HARDEST AND BEEN THERE THE LONGEST.
Work is over rated…..👎
Too many jobs and not enough workers? If only there were thousands of people literally dying to come into our country and willing to do pretty much whatever job we ask of them because it's better than where they came from. 🤔
YOUR JOB POSITION WILL BE POSTED FASTER THAN YOUR OBITUARY. I QUIT my office job mid 2020 and haven't been back since and I do not see myself going back anytime soon or more than likely, never. I too have worked since I was a teen, got a 4 year degree and the office world is just blah, not my cup of tea. I did my job well, received many work related compliments, had great attendance,  but I do not have any commitment or respect for the workplace and deep down, we know that employers feel the same way, they do not respect us and they are not committed to us. Therefore, I have no problem saying BYE!
Considering half my senior class makes a living onlyfans ,now they make more than teachers and their only 18...
Do you believe tv nowadays,
Look at the industry that has the most employee loss and its all industry that treated its workers like crap with low pay but expected everything from worker. People have options now and are staying away from those industries. Why go back to work for a place that fired it workers in the first place and now wants them back.
Ain't so fun when the rabbit has the gun eh?
We have tons of unemployed people here in South Africa if you are looking
Companies don't want to negotiate wages. I got a raise/promotion and it was roughly 4.5%. We are having a turnover issue because the company does not want to invest in the employees. That simple.
Did they try to raise the pay? No. Revenue went up he said. But did the employee's pay go up too? NO  Case closed.
I unsubscribed from your channel because of this video. Only workers facing horrific conditions should’ve been interviewed. And no rich business owners should’ve been interviewed. Shame on you.
i think everybody is scared of covid and just dont think its worth taking a risk of taking a virus home that can wipe your whole family out!!!
I just got a new job. They didn’t want to train me at my last job but wanted to give me the workload of an experienced worker and required the assignments in the time an experienced worker would.
Actually There no any back up plan when you got sick. So people resign the job. No protection.
3 reasons: the younger generation have multiple roommates to save on rent, a lot are living at home and thousands have collected PUA unemployment funds last year.
Lazy people know free money is awesome haha.
I've been working remotely (from home) since 1997. I'm ready to retire.
My business will be fully automated. robots. AI. So I won’t have to deal w such stresses.
PAY A LIVING WAGE
The plandemic mandates, for starters.
👍🏽🙏🏽♥️
no jab no job !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!dah
6:22 *"It is if the social contract of work is being re-written and now workers are holding the pen"* A certain german philosopher: 👁👄👁
Most Americans live paycheck to paycheck. At best with a few months of savings.  Why 60-Minutes didn’t cover: How such people pay their bills?
The big corporations are loving this. These job sectors were on the chopping block anyways as automation rolls on in.
Why? Maybe because "free" money has been given out. Maybe ppl are milking the government cheese. When it stops then ppl will be back to work.
ZERO mention of people quitting because of vaccine mandates? I don't know what the numbers are but it's not nothing, and definitely worth at least a mention in a piece covering the loss of employees especially health care workers.
This is all a form of American entitlement. Now they feel entitled to more pay and benefits, flexible hours, autonomy and control. It's like their egos know no bounds.
Your answer can be summed up in this unanswered question:  How are all these people getting money to live?
Well, if I am paid $100 bucks an hour I might work!!🕶🏖🏊‍♀️
Pay us so we can live.
I got covid and recovered just fine. I'm not going to get shots and boosters when my natural immunity is more effective. Take this job and SHOVE IT.
This is showing people with good jobs. The big number comes from minimum wage jobs and jobs that  are a few pennies more. Working 2 FT min wage jobs a week barely pays rent much less cover all the other bills
Because You dob t PAY ME ENOUGH! Fuc u i m taking welfare and hope society collapse
People have already reported employers who offered signing bonuses not actually paying the bonus. Employers who offered higher pays then not paying the wages offered using conditions not specified during the hiring process.
I want to go back and work in America but the problem is the employers hire only for an in country applicants. I used to work in hotels and restaurants as cook
People are refusing to be abused and exploited for unlivable wages.
Easy. Pay more. Duhhh!!!
I worked for a major company recently - this company demanded mandatory overtime. If you didn't participate in the mandatory overtime, there would be consequences. I have never seen such a quick turnover at a job. People just said: "forget this!" By the way, the pay was horrible, and there was not enough overtime to break even.
Poppy Playtime Dreams Edition-https://youtu.be/ApcvIA5YLUI
I’ll never be loyal to a company ever again. They gave me the finger and furloughed me when our business was still operating and then they called us back in after two months instead of four months like expected and we had to rebuild an entire team of sales professionals as recruiters. All the hard work of 6 months of old hires now gone and for a year it was damage control rebuilding it. I finally left in August and got $20,000 raise and didn’t even have to really negotiate for it. Now I got another message about a job that pays $30,000 above that. Never settle. 🖕your bad employers.
Hire workers from the Philippines. We will be more than happy to take all these jobs.
The great,, we have had enough of your bossy rude bosses.
The workplace are all going to end up as a ghost town where no one wants to go into an office. Those offices will be vacant and then redeveloped for something else. Most businesses will only exist in the the virtual world. Companies only care about numbers and if the numbers at home are working.. all companies better find a way to be flexible. We will all join the Metaworld where we socialize and work virtually. There will also be a robot name Wall-e who cleans up after us all,  and SKYNET will take over.
Mandates. That and you can survive on welfare, but not on minimum wage.
So, is people’s choosing not to be jabbed the elephant in this story, and even in the comments?
I know lots of nurse's who have left their nursing career job's due to the mandates they are now working from home
Cut the government handout and just see what happens.
I had to chuckle when he called the stimulus checks "generous" ...  lol
Better bennies, better pay, better shifts, SAME CRAPPY BOSSES.
people have been taken for granted and abused by their employers for a very long time.
Pay them more
A new variant  has just been discovered, its called "Anothercon"
Many had a second job, just to pay for their fun times, and or life style, and quit that second job.
Im going to quit because I need time for my kids. I know at what time i should be at work but i don't know what time ill be going home. Some nights 🌙 i arrive home at 9:00 pm just to eat something and go to bed. Nop its time for a change! I'm burnt out! Some days i don't even have a time to eat and i encounter myself eat lunch at 4:00 5:00 pm.
They are having a difficult time finding workers at the Carolina restaurant,  well none of your employees or patrons are  wearing masks, bet you thats a part of their problem
Some people rather not have the solution to work.
If I'm giving an employer a fraction of my life, it better be worth it.
I want to work in America!...take me lol
There are 11 million job openings in the country right now, and only 5.7million people unemployed.  Employees no longer have to settle for a crap job.  Republicans didn't think about the consequences of getting rid of all those immigrants.
Mother's should be at home with children
False, people quitting has nothing to do with affordability or anything of the sort. We are quitting jobs in record numbers because the job requires a mask or a shot. Both are Illegal and both are dangerous. Smart people are flooding into places run by smart people. Like florida and texas
F0rced inj3ctions
FINALLY...WE HAVE COBRROL OF OUR OWN LIVES
It's because the Gen Z fairies can fall back on Mommy and Daddy. They think they're just owed a roof over their head, a full fridge and fancy clothes. They think technology, electricity, plumbing and maintenance just appear out of thin air and it'll just be there for them, no matter what.
This does absolutely nothing to explain what the great resignation is about. Its not a 'worker' problem. This is a systemic problem caused by a failed capitalist economy governed by greed in both private and public sectors that refuse to offer fair wages and respectable working conditions to the American working class.
Maybe pay your people a DECENT WAGE level, how the heck you can think $7 an hour is acceptable is a joke
This whole story was boomery corporate bourgeoise crap. People are quitting jobs because those jobs suck, they don't pay enough for people to live on, and people found better jobs. If you want workers, pay for them or shut up. No news show ever airs a story about how people can't afford Ferraris and demand they be sold cheaper. Stop listening to only businesses and start listening to actual real people.
People are tired of the "Karens" of the world. Period.
Dear baby boomers.. .....suck it.
PLEASE, HOW CAN WE GET THOSE JOBS TO SOUTH AFRICANS...SOUTH AFRICANS NEED JOBS
no one wants to work crappy jobs for crappy pay...simple, who cam blame them.
If they were good quality jobs then people wouldn't quit them. Nobody wants to work in retail or hospitality and I can't blame them.
I honestly didn't mind working retail because it was an easy job and I went home. While I was studying nursing, I was an overnight stocker. Like most people in the comment section after a while working five to six days a week gets old with a just over broke paycheck. The inflation of food, gas and houses doesn't help much when some jobs are paying as little as $10.00 an hour. With wages as low as that, it's normal for people to leave to find something better.
It’s almost as if telling people not to expect any kind of independence, or even dignity from a ‘practice job’ was never sustainable.
Millions of moms (saying nothing of the stay-at-home dads) are leaving the workplace to take care of their kids who either are being schooled remotely or who they don't want to put at risk in pre-school or daycare. This in a country with no universal child care, and yet 60 minutes and the Oxford Ph.D. in Economics from LinkedIn can't figure out what's going on. Instead, they decide it would be best to make their long report into an ad for a Virtual Executive Assistant app where people work for multiple executives as independent contractors with no medical or health protections. The one profiled here is working for 3 Executives from home, plus is an English instructor at the local community college.    Capitalism can't be tasked with self-critiquing, even when almost everything depends on it. Segment producers, unless paid for by the app, should be canned for approving this propaganda.   As our president likes to say, 'What a bunch of Malarky.'
PAY THEM MORE! WAGES HAVE STAGNATED FOR DECADES.
Good for you, Americans!!
Just curious. So when these job quitter's resources are depleted, what happens then? Do they go back to work?
I work in healthcare/retail at CVS as a pharmacy tech. I totally understand the Resignation trend in healthcare, retail and hospitality. We are getting burnt out working short staffed due to coworkers or their dependents getting sick, non-sympathetic customers cussing us out because we are out of stock of something due to supply shortages and manufacturer back orders, or cussing us out because their insurance will not cover the cost of their medicine or their Percocet/Vicoden/Fentanyl Patches or some other heavy duty narcotic pain med cannot be filled due DEA and State laws imposed because of narcotics being abused. We can only take so much verbal abuse because entitled Karen or Ken cannot get their way. Working in hostile environments wears the skin thin really quick and we can only take so much trying to meet the needs of people and it is not happening fast enough for them. I am ready for a change myself. If only I can find a job where I do not have to deal with people. The only job I ever really enjoyed was as a courier for a lab picking up stuff for testing, but it does not pay enough.
I searched for a job for almost 2 years. So when I go in to apply they see me as an older person. So to the management and sometimes employers I'm not able to be trained or don't look to part. And after experiencing that I decided to start a business doing what I love which is cooking. They did that to me. So I can't say what others are experiencing but it's not a good feeling to be treated that way.  When you trying to make it.
There is no such thing as a labor shortage only a wage shortage. These guys preach free markets and "its simple economics" but when its time to put your money where your mouth, is its all the workers fault and not the companies' fault!
To all of the entitled WHINY BABIES, you are being replaced by "AI" artificial intelligence... Keep convincing yourselves how wonderful you are when a robotic machine can and IS doing  your job.... The true ignorance and a sense of entitlement of the aged 40 and below generation is flabbergasting, but I am no longer shocked. The Masters of the Universe have taken over your lives, and most people have lined up like sheep to the slaughter, complaining that they're WORTH so much more all the while waiting in line to be slaughtered  ...   SMH The tech oligarchs of the world ... Bill Gates, Google, Elon  Musk,  Zuckabuck , Bezos  bought and paid for politicians on BOTH sides .... You people are playing right into their hands.  they're looking to dispose of you because they think of you as disposable, and you agree with them and are walking, Eyes Wide Open, into their SLAUGHTER HOUSES  WAKE THE FLUCK UP , SHEEPLE!!!  You're being deleted....forever!
There's a shortage of decent paying jobs where you are treated with dignity and have opportunities for growth.
I think that no one what a dead end job or a job without a living wage or a stressful job anymore . I absolutely refuse to work at a job that doesn’t pay over $22.00 dollars a hour & that doesn’t have overtime or great benefits . That why I started my own business over 18 years ago & even back then I was making well over $22.00 a hour .
Great report!!
Interviewer: “what do you think is making the people out there not attracted to the job and not wanting to stay at this job?”  Deluded idiot: “people must not exist ig.”   Real answer: BETTER PAY, BETTER TREATMENT.
Working virtually at home when you can just makes too much sense.  For the employee there isn't the commute, you don't have to put up with certain coworkers, and offices are breeding grounds for colds, or worse.  For employers, you don't have the expense of heating/cooling, lighting, and maintaining all that extra office space.  Why did it take COVID, to make this practical?
I think the employers will resort to illegal immigrants because they are willing to take those jobs.
It's not the Big Quit, it's the quit my crap job and get a better paying one so I am not earning poverty wage
Well I think people are sick and tired of being slaves. We are being charged hard earned money just to live. The old system and paradigm is falling apart. We are evolving.
It’s such an American thing to think that your job will fulfill your dreams and desires and ponies and rainbows will roam around… just hilarious.
By the way that lady talking  Is she vaccinated or does she not have to
Dislike the video. 60 minutes are talking to ceos, company owners rather than the people, employees that's exploited by this
Work from home is the future.
Bcz they see kids on tiktok making bank and now they wanna do tiktoks too. That's why
Because of the stupid mandates  That’s why  We are not going to take poison in our bodies  These people need to stop their lies and narratives  They are shooting people up wi stuff that nobody knows what’s in it and making employers give altumatums This evil administration is killing everything that we had Trying to bring in their demonic agendas  Everybody knows it and we are not listening to your fake narrative
Nobody wants to work anymore because Americans  don’t love American anymore. They have been programmed from the Democratic Party and main stream media that America,  owes them something instead of working hard for the American dream. They don’t realize what opportunities they have until it’s too late then they give up and want handouts…
Simple: Ask the world Elite,they have the answer..period🙃
I'd like to quit, but I can't have to pay bills
If you worked in the public sector you'd know why people are quitting. It's because of understaffing and holding what employees are left to the same standards as if the employers are fully staffed. Those expectations are to do what is expected of you PLUS your counter parts. The expectation is to provide the same level of customer service as being fully staffed to those customers who are impatient who DON'T get what is going on. They feel entitled because they're spending money. Well, quit bitching because you have to wait longer to eat, to be checked out, to wait for an employee to find what it is you're looking for while looking at empty shelves. The worst thing that happened was paying people to stay at home because of the lockdowns state by state. Blame the Governors for what has happened. Blame the current administration for promoting stay at home and we'll pay you while you draw unemployment. Total government FK up.
customer's can be douches and It basically ruined the work experience for me
three and a half more years for me and I am done !! worked since I was 16. can't hardly wait !!
I guess I was ahead of the curve.  I resigned in 2007.  My wife and I had a daughter then.  After inflexible working conditions for both of us, I stopped working to stay home with our baby daughter.  I became a stay-at-home father.  My wife made better pay and had better benefits.  So I was more or less elected to stay home.  We don't regret it one bit.  My wife moved up in her chain of command and makes good money now, and our daughter is about to go to college soon.  We are doing great and life is good.  I know many people won't have this kind of option or conditions to accomplish this, but we did and it has worked out great for us.
Wish I could quit my job
There's not enough people willing to work ... for the price they're offering.
"The Story will continue in a moment"........... Idk why that voice gives me a nostalgic feeling, as if I'm watching this in the 90s.
It's clearly the mandates.
No one is getting employment payments   We have been waiting for 1 half years and looking like never going to get it
Maybe we've worked out how evil these corporations are and that they don't appreciate you giving up life for a career with jerks.
Only from the employers perspective? Why not ask the people resigning?
Because this country sucks , were sick and tired of the government taking our freedom .... It's all smoke and mirrors it's a scam and it's rigged
Being forcefully inoculated has nothing to do with it no not at all
Of course no mention of gov welfare allowing people to quit.  60 min sucks
"The greatest country in the world" never abolished slavery.... It Just rolled out all over everyone.
Lay off 25% of workforce and give work to remaining employees, employees get fed up of doing 2 people's jobs.
Uh oh looks like the upper class have to raise their own children and make their own latte's.
Either pay a living wage or die! it’s really that simple
Sounds like workers are sick of being treated as irrelevant by the government. I cannot imagine what it feels like to have the government force you to shutdown your business and decimate your entire life's work and that of your employees. Perhaps if the politicians stopped being paid too for the duration then they might get some sense of the damage they are doing to the world.
I feel like if people weren't getting 600 a week of unemployment, you guys wouldn't be so quick to quit your jobs. Majority quit due to free money given away. Pretty sure before covid you guys were complaining about your employment as well.
Nah…that’s not the reason. I knew a guy that was getting paid $1800 biweekly on unemployment. Regular unemployment plus a Covid incentive. Why would he go to work?
They are quitting because they keep getting paid by the government to stay home. So a bunch of lazy a.. are staying home instead of getting off there lazy butts and actually making there own money.
Construction no employees??? you mean scab outfits.. How about the Unions doh doh!?
No jobs for felons
I know someone who quit their job bcz when the pandemic started her boss never showed up at work, he just ran the business from home through the managers. He never came to the office bcz he was scared of covid but still wanted his employees to come to work everyday. What an a**h*le
Problem is that companies are raising prices with inflation but they are not raising pay to keep up, instead distributing it among management and shareholders
And Why do you think that the GOP is still covering numerous legal bills for Donald Trump? Because they want and are going to try there damest to bring him back into Power. So they can Usher in Authoritarianism! And rule with absolute power. Those who spoke against Trump will pay
Let mexicans come thru and you will have workers!!
All these Crypto millionaires.
Remember that scene from the Star Wars movie when the Senate was voting a vote of "No Confidence"? That pretty much sums it up.
anyone know of any good place to find remote jobs that are not scams
Under the Biden administration, it’s higher pay to stay home, work make 15.00 an hour, quite and make 600.00 a week ????? Let’s go Joey !!!!!
I know a couple of immigrants who would be willing to pull up the slack.
At least give homeless people a job
Moving from blue states to red states.
Better pay, benefits and respect!
This is a great thing.
I'm looking for another job
This is based upon a few comments and while not finished with video, did you consider it's because companies are being used to implement communism via cdc guidelines? Wanting non sick workers to restrict breathing and take an experimental drug or subject to regular nasal molestation isn't very appealing.
*I quit my job in the forestry industry for the following reasons:* 1. I didn't get the appropriate breaks I needed for the amount of work I was doing, this lead to fatigue and injury. 2. I didn't get paid enough considering the dangerous nature of the work. 3. I wasn't treated with respect. I gave everything and was treated as expendable. I am not a machine, I am a human being. There is only so much pressure and stress I can handle when operating a chainsaw or heavy machinery.  4. Working for myself has turned out to be much more enjoyable. Its not as profitable *yet*. But I can do what I want when I want. I am free to pursue what makes me happy. I get to have a weekend and I can sleep in.
In addition, poor financial policies domestically and globally are leading to increased inflation and a massive rise in the cost of living, making even decent wages seem insufficient. Society is unfortunately going in the wrong direction, making dystopian novels and films - wherein citizens live in squalor beneath powerful elites - seem like a more possible future reality. Add to this the advancement of AI in replacing human workers, and the problem only exacerbates. Not being a pessimist, just a realist. The writing is on the wall.
Instead of giving  new hires  bonuses,etc companies should give bonuses to their current employees.
60 minutes should quit their jobs. If you have to ask why your an idiot.
One of my friends used to work at a coffee shop, with two other friends; one whom is black and one whom is Muslim. One day, they got a customer's order wrong. The woman ordering the drink threw it at my friends head and started screaming, calling her an idiot, then turning on the other employees, calling the muslim girl a terrorist and the black girl the n-word. Instead of telling the woman to leave, the manager apologized, had the staff re-make the drink, and gave it to the woman free of charge. That is abuse. Plain and simple. For decades now, workers have been abused in their workplaces by their bosses and customers every hour of every day. They are not given safe or comfortable working environments, such as the people being told to come into work even if they are covid postive. They have not been given fair wages or even enough to live off, such as the people in NYC WITH JOBS who are forced to live in tents. In the case of younger generations of workers, they have been bullied and shamed by the billionaire-fueled media for being unable to get a job when even entry-level positions require years of experience, and had that parroted back to them by boomers; boomers who are now being forced out of retirement and realizing the playing field has become a war zone, and isnt at all what they remember.  Most of all, they haven't been treated with respect; they've been treated as expendable and replaceable, instead of the skilled and valuable workers they are. I, for one, am proud of the Americans who are refusing to walk back into the capitalist meat grinder, and very disappointed in 60 minutes for their biased and dishonest reporting on this issue.  Tldr: want workers? Treat them with respect, give them their fair share of the profit their labor brings the company, and dont let customers abuse them. This isnt rocket science.
Florida, Texas, and South Carolina: I wonder why people are moving there in droves? 🤔 What do these 3 states have in common POLITICALLY?
"We doubled our revenue." That's awesome! But did you double your pay to the people who are keeping the company going?
Good for them but don't start complaining when immigrants or people from third world countries that have double digit unemployment rates and/or dollar a day wages come and take these jobs
Maybe were just sick and tired of making the Rich Richer
💉 ⬅️
A big issue that no one brought up was since there are less workers, everything takes longer. What I use to order would take 3-5 weeks to deliver, now takes 8-12 months. I see and hear everyone complaining in restaurants, supermarkets, and stores. That they are out of stock, why is my food taking so long, where is this item I use to get all the time. The same people complaining are the same people who quit.  What I am saying is it’s not an employer or employee people. It’s a people problem. People feel more and more entitled, and they only care about themselves.
Yayyyyy the people are in control finally. Now pay us what we are worth!! And it's time for business to shut down Friday-Sunday  so people can have more time with there family's the only places that should be open Friday-Sundays is grocery stores, gas stations,  pharmacy,hospitals and urgent cares that's it every thing else needs to be closed.
Employers dumped millions of employees in 2020, when it really matter the most, they dumped them like garbage, and now they want them back? Oh no, people forgive but they don’t forget.
As someone who has worked retail for multiple companies we all reached a point where we spent years at a company while they make billions in profit every year yet every year you equate a year of my life to 25c 50c do you know what that does to someone. Wow I feel so appreciated. To all these employers time to look in the mirror problem lies with you
Some are quitting because of the mandatory vaccination policies many companies have and like with Djokovic they don't care about your situation it's all or nothing get vaxxed or hit the bricks...
Long ago employers invested in employees and compensated fairly. In return the employee gave 💯 and loyalty.  As greedy companies started to cut out compensation, good insurance and retirement packages , employees walked.  Also the baby boomer generation had a wonderful strong work ethic. Today the new generation of youth do not. I blame the parents ( baby boomers) who felt their lives were too tough and wanted to give more and more material things thinking it would be love. Thus the work force are spoiled, entitled and frankly lazy.  The baby boomers are retiring  in  mass leaving behind handicapped  late bloomers to try and pick up the balls.
🤔 interesting
How can someone from another country get a job with you guys..cause I would like to get a job am in Belize
Because they started mining bitcoin. No nwed to work as slaves for others who decide what you should get paid to get food on the table.
I am a public school teacher and I have been pushing back my dentist appointment because cannot afford to get the work done right now. Need I say more?
A big problem is government overreach is a big problem. They want to tell everyone what to do. People want to have their own choices with more ability to live their lives their way.
Are we going to act like this ain’t about the mandates?
This isn't good, can someone tell me why this is happening on Bidens administration ? was the vote worth it.
A huge overlooked aspect is a decent chunk of younger people are dabbling or learning to invest and play the market instead of working a traditional 40 hour work week for a corporation. Work looks different now, but so does income. People are discovering and pursuing their passions and revenue streams outside of a paycheck.
LET'S GOOOOOOO BRANDON
The same in Europe and Japan. It's a world phenomenon.
Why didn’t you interview workers? Follow up and talk to a few!
They underestimated the education sector by a lot.  Interesting how they did not interview any teachers. They also failed to interview teachers a few weeks back when they did a piece on Public Service Loan Forgiveness, instead only interviewing military personnel.
Why is unemployment still even an argument for people? Enhanced unemployment ended nearly five months ago and people are leaving even more than ever
Because society has become lazy
I QUIT MY JOB BECAUSE OF COVID HYSTERIA IN MY WORKPLACE. IM UNVACCINATED AND I WONT WEAR A MASK UNLESS THERES A MANDATE.
40 HRS + a week is bull and always has been. We have a life we want to enjoy.. not just work it away
Big problem for the country because Democrats party they’re working for CCP !
Because of lack of confidence in the jobs market caused by the communist puppet that the media installed into the Oval Office, choice not to have the vaccine or be forced to have one, and just plain fear brought on by fear peddled on fake news propaganda outlets like this one.
Is going to get worse if you trying to mandate vaccines lots of people moving out of states to different states
The government pays me better.....
Oh gee, I don't know...ridiculously poor wages and shitbag managers? Do I need to watch this to find out the intellectual reason? Nope
Alot of people qiut because they are entitled n think they are worth more than what they are being paid, then complain about why things are so expensive. This is by government design
No pensions no loyalty
No one with 2.1 kids, a mortgage, car payment and no savings is quitting their jobs.
Who wants to get sick?  Meanwhile, the jobs are part-time, no benefits.  Construction needs workers?  Well, what happened to their union wages and benefits?  Who on God's green earth wants to be a teacher or a nurse now?
I find this only a small victory for all workers... Do not doubt me- I am working person from the age of 16, until now, the age of 39..... If this generation wants to push this agenda of a high wage or salary- Do not forget that those in Control need only to wave their "magic wands" and increase your prices on - DIAPERS, BURGERS, CHEESE, MILK, CEREAL, TOWELS AND TOILET PAPER, VEGETABLES AND CANNED GOODS, and it goes on - - - To keep you all within the confines of this society... Yes, this may be the USA and thank god for it, but when one side pushes back the other side will as well.... Here is a simple examples- why are the kids not back in School yet? Why? Answer that and begin to answer the preceding question....
Through the pandemic corporations showed their true colors and average employees are tired of it
This is a parody right?
I have a good idea that a lot of people are quitting their jobs because they know that by the time they get their paycheck the buying power of those dollars they put in the hours to earn two weeks ago will buy less and less and less as time goes by. So what if they are getting a legally mandated $15 minimum wage? If that 15 bucks will barely buy what $8 would when the law was passed, what's the point?
I don't work a job that can be work from home, but I think WFH is an absolute must. The only reason to have huge corporate offices with hundreds of employees sitting at computers is to give the management a way to control their employees' lives. The better part is that productivity has gone up drastically since WFH, but so many companies are against it. It might be a more cost effective plan to move the now defunct middle managers to useful positions, stop building/leasing corporate office space, and let everyone do their jobs. Less overhead means more profit. Using some of that profit to give your WFH team a little extra on their check will pay dividends. Well paid employees who have a good work/home balance who feel like the company values them will consistently over perform.
Everyone seems to have their own answers.
It’s a management problem.
My jobs awesome. I’ve worked the whole pandemic. At one point there were only 3 of us that weren’t home with covid. It didn’t stop me. I just worked extra to make up for them. I got a bonus for not getting covid.  As much as I like my job, it’s just what I do so that I can do what I want on my free time. No matter what the job I don’t take it home.
those signs need to say "Were Hiring....for a starvation wage". then youll get your answer.
Lol..again 60 mins all one sided! Govt propaganda.
In France workers get at least six paid holiday weeks a year.  In America you must beg your employer for three consecutive days off.  Workers are burnt out.  And now the remaining workers are saddled with the responsibilities of those who quit.  Will corporate America return to the true 9-to-5 lifestyle or continue to demand employees work 60-80 hours a week?
What makes my heart sing... lol
Working 50-60 hours a week then home for lockdown 11 weeks made me realize there’s more to life than making money for car payments, clothes, expansive restaurants.
Liberal drivel. Look down your nose at the craftsman. The laborer, everyone wants to be ike that puke on tv wearing fancy clothes and a cool car. Work for it libby.
The same happened  when they signedbNAFTA SENDING  JOBS OVER SEAS AND OVER THE BORDER AND THEN BLAMING THE IMMIGRANTS AND ILLEGALS FOR RHE LACK OF POSITIONS......
BECAUSE the most voted for leader of all time is giving away free money and those who are milking the system -
60 minutes post production... please adjust the audio level on the out bumper.  It's too hot.  It's been too hot for years now here on YouTube.
Are you serious? Vaccine mandates, fear mongering, laziness, more money to stay home than work...to name a few
They don't say how employers and corporations see workers as trash. Easily repleaceble and paying meager wages.
I don’t know about anyone else but I’m going to get a second job maybe even a third because inflation is going up as well as the cost of living so I need all the money I can get to invest so that I can become wealthy.
vaccine mandates my body my choice
I aint working to help the economy under an ilegitimate president. Lets go brqndon.
Very few americans are lazy they use that to distract you so you feel pride in working to death for no personal benefits. The 2nd tactic is immigrants when the employers and our goverment applauded going over seas.
Slaves work a 9-5
Their goal in some cases is to o create government dependency with free money, child credit, etc
Third Stimulus???? Liars in Washington!!
If I could work at 79 I would.  I don't like being on assisstance.  I wish I had a purpose in this life.  Miseralbe life.
I'll quit if they mandate the vaccines. At 52 years of age working 2 jobs most of my life. No benefits, poor treatment and low wages. I will never bleed myself for a company again. Life's to short. If you think things are bad now and they force the mandate. Our economy will collapse.
No  pay can compensate a toxic work environment"
For those in the hospitality and retail are getting tremendous abuse from those they are serving. Like we are to blame for their problems. I retired early working for a member only warehouse. The people are so vile and abusive, it’s not worth it.
Pay your people morre
Not paying a living wages. I live in Durham N.C. and work as a waiter and staff trainer for Cheesecake Factory and my wages are $2.15hr. Lots of other states pay living wages. You should not assume t.i.p.s as paying wages.
This is America now man...let's give people that quit a job for no reason praise and spotlight rofl
Work hard for peanuts. Free Covid included.
Customers and crap wage bosses are jerks
No Brandon is taking toll on American economy u fake news
In New Hampshire I can't even get people in this state to be knowledgeable of my rights under the Americans with Disability  Act.
when I worked in the hospitality industry in the New Orleans French Quarter, I was semi-retired. I worked because I'd retired from the military and wasn't used to being idle. so I traded a small house with no yard for a huge house with a huge yard in fayetteville arkansas. I'm safer, can afford a car, and don't have to work.  the trade off is worth it.
Many seem to avoiding a huge reason for people quitting is the shot mandates!
I’ve personally have wanted to learn construction for years. Every time I try and get my foot in the door, I’m told I don’t have enough experience. There’s some people out there who want to work like myself. Just give me an opportunity to get my foot in the door, and learn!
quit my job - total burnout.
All I can think about are the millions of fathers that will get divorced from those stay-at-home moms and face horrible alimony liabilities.
Couldn't help but notice the check that said trump as president...hmmm
Um I don't know.....MAÀAYBE has something to do with the fact that certain mandatesvare being put in place that no one f****** likes and is extremely authoritarian and no one will put up with it? Not only do I not want to put a foreign substance in my body, but I'm certainly not wearing a mask for 10 hours a day.
I think it's mostly because we just witnessed a pandemic and shut downs that crippled people's savings and they realized what's the point in working 80 hours a week when family and love ones are much more important in life. And massive corporations that are depressing to work for.
I think there are multiple reasons for it. I don't believe it has to do with low wages at all though. In my state there are fair to high paying jobs everywhere and no one will apply. Idk what people are doing but if they are getting along just fine and not being freeloaders, more power to them.
its very simple the people found out that they can live off the government's money
americans do not like communism. just saved you 13:24
We sure could use all those people that were aborted legally over the last 50 years.
We saw this coming years ago.  Everyone was going to retire within 5 years.  But we weren’t training or preparing for this.  Cool, so now we can blame it on Covid.
People are so divided especially politically.
maybe give us proper health benefits
@2:30 the customer service jobs 🤣🤣🤣
Fox so-called News are the biggest propagandists telling the world that American workers are "all" lazy, staying away from work collecting unemployment. And in addition, Fox is calling "all" homeless people drug addicts when only 21 percent claim to be homeless because of drugs. Fox News are responsible for calling "all" people in the Biden Administration, Communists.  Maybe Fox so-called News are conspiracy theorists. Fox News were the leading cheer leaders for the Bush/Chaney administration's illegal war in Iraq. Maybe its time people stopped watching/listening to this fake news network once and for "all". Propaganda, and conspiracy theories are not news.
Forgot to mention the restrictions happening.  As well as crime stats.
Those jobs are only offering sh_t to their friends! They don't give the pay or the promotions to the people that deserve it.
No one wants to work in the Hospitality industry when they are being abused by the guest they servie or their own managers what want you to work massive hours under horrible conditions. It is about time people become kind and businesses need to treat those better.
i dont feel bad for the bosses. you need to treat your employees better... then maybe they will come back. We have been abused for decades, working ourselves to death.
As an Australian, your employee wages are a joke.  Having to beg for tips to survive is a deplorable situation.  Serve smaller portions, increase your profit margins and pay your workers a living wage.  Nobody needs that much food.
Maybe cause the pay is garbage!
I love how instead of asking a group of employees from different backgrounds, they instead asked employers ♡ ya know the ones who caused the problem and are oblivious to it ♡...
Yeah they say they are hiring but refuse to hire anybody, for places that are so desperate for people they are picky
Workers also want unions as well.
The great revelation.
U MEAN TO TELL ME THAT Y'ALL ARE SO BRAINED-WASHED THAT U CANT SEE THAT IT IS "FORCED VACCINATION" THAT IS MAINLY CONTRIBUTING TO THIS LACK OF WORKERS CRISIS?
I left my job last week, here’s my opinion. For starters, stop calling it costumer service and Start calling guest assistance. The word “Costumer Service” sounds to force & hostile, and when guest hear “Service” that gives them the mindset of us as “servants”. They start berating us, demanding things, and treat us like emotionless nobody, as if we’re not human beings. Costumers shouldn’t be entitled to speak rudely towards employee’s and have such easy access to managers/supervisors. I’m not trying to sound funny. It’s ridiculous that we still have to serve rude and immature middle age costumers even after they cause confrontation and a scene it’s ridiculous and embarrassing. I don’t think this is acceptable, & Managers for all establishments/company shouldn’t have to tolerate inappropriate behavior. And what’s worse is that even when a manager is called, the berating continues. “The costumer is always right” is non existent. It’s not a rule nor a policy. So They shouldn’t have to take crap from guest, that’s why I quit my job at Target. On the speaker phone, and it felt fantastic. Remember folks to take care of yourself and watch your mental health.
This is another symptom of what the left calls 'late stage capitalism'.
A great manager listens to ideas.  I know this because mine doesn’t.
Why can't I be tatted from head to toe and land a job? Unnecessary rules there's no other way to justify them other than vaguely saying it's unprofessional or saying it's just "the rules".
The biggest job strike of all times! ...This pandemic made people realize, your life is worth more than that JOB! working around the clock building someone's wealth and dreams and not your own.
They avoided discussing a big reason people are quitting and moving---mandates.  People are moving to states that are more free.  My husband quit a prestigious job over mandates and we now have a remote job and are moving somewhere without mask or vaccine mandates/passports.
#TIMDRAPERKNOCKOUT
what I don't get is why people still work at Amazon if they treat them like slaves
I now work part time and it didnt hurt my take home income as much because now I qualify for more affordable health care.
companies that do WFH should be able to count it toward their net zero goals..... I used to drive 100 miles/ week for work now I drive like 10 miles/ week on average for personal errands.
because govt free handouts
Pay check to pay check people are not giving  up their jobs
I worked for a hospital in my town with a boss who wouldn't even let me take off to care for my 2yr old while my wife had to teach online 4th grade classes.  My boss basically had no respect for anything outside of her own mind. I was even told "We don't work around your wife's schedule". How sad is that?  I came to a point where I have a detailing business and said your benefits at this hospital aren't worth this struggle of flexibility that isn't given to me NO MATTER WHAT!!
Going to let you in on a secret. There are plenty of people wanting and applying for the jobs. However the management of liberal owner places refuse to give job interviews. This is fake. There is no labor shortage. This is a hiring shortage done by liberal companies. The government is working with the world economic forum to attempt to create a great depression. Not just in America but also in Australia as well as many other countries.
It will be younger entrepreneurs that will easily adapt and thrive in this paradigm shift. Older executives are more settled in their ways, so they will more likely go extinct.
Vaccine Mandates
Ok, but can we talk about homeboy carrying the ladder at 3:45
Crap pay and no protection form psycho Covid spreader customers plus no healthcare I’m many cases…. Gee, why don’t ppl want these jobs?
Never seen so many black people interviewed on a single episode before. Interesting.
Some employers are straight up out of their minds. I see many jobs that refuse to hire anyone to work, even partially remotely, while the technology for the particular job is readily available to do so. They require the employee to come into the office YET they're only willing to pay below-market wages! Glad for these employers. Let them suffer!
There's something wrong with the whole picture .Not everyone is going to be able to work fr home .what are they loving on welfare
People I know that CHOOSE not to work abuse all the social programs. Hey. When you have a geriatric 50 year failed politician telling you "it's free", they believe it. LGB 👍
When the pandemic hit the ppl in the " needed workspace" or " have to work no matter what" spaces got burnt out and weren't appreciated.
These people they are interviewing are all well off and secure, the so-called stimulus checks they blame for lazy humans not going back to face all the dangers of the pandemic, for one paycheck to paycheck human went nowhere as far as these Rich know it all’s say it had to..where did all those humans go, how is it possible they all suddenly need no steady income..
No no no, this is false, Americans arnt quitting there jobs because of a "spiritual awakening". They are quitting because of the covid 19 "vaccine". Let's look at the facts. The pandemic started in 2020, people didn't quit, they just couldn't go to work, then in 2021, the vaccine came out. After that, businesses started demanding that there workers get fully vaccinated. If the employees didn't get vaccinated they would be fired. So the people quit. I'm sorry for you 1,630,000 people who are so gulabe and stupid, yes I just called a million people stupid. Start paying attention to your surroundings and then maybe you won't be fooled, you won't be guoabe to the lies you here. Now, I know this sounds crazy, he'll I'm reading it and it sounds crazy. Just remember people warned us this disaster would happen in 2019. However we didn't believe them, and look what happened. #Don't be SHEEP!!   P.S. look up "The GateWay Pundit"   P.S.S  if you kept reading, Thanks and Your welcome.🐑
Gotta treat your employees good! Stop the gaslighting, harassments at Work. The only employers having issues with keeping employees are those that don’t know how to treat their Employees with respect.
Because they are lazy we need more mexicans, they work harder and make USA great. We all know yankis prefer free money from democrats
Is it really that hard to understand?  Capitalism is an outmoded system and people don't want to be part of it anymore
It’s not a worker problem, it’s a employer problem.
Keep dancing around the subject blame affordable housing, keep ignoring the fact that people don't want the jab or afraid of getting sick. The government laws forcing health care on small employers instead of large corporations. This seems to be the black version of 60minutes because nothing says diversity better than changing the color from white to black.
Education?  I remember that.  Kids: demand it.
Kids think working in a dispensary is a great idea w/ a future.
Cuz the jobs r crappy n wages crappy what u think
I’ve been working as a customer service representative for years actually been working since I was 14 yrs old yes I took a short break do to the pandemic but I went back to work the hourly pay went up by $2 however on $15 a show now is at $5 at $35 a sold is at $10 I make less now than before the pandemic I have to save 3 paychecks just to pay my rent and my job has up the work flow I love to work but to say people don’t want to work I can’t speak for everyone but the employers are also trying to get over on us they know we need the job so except the work pay because you need to work or we are just lazy? Very sad
Let's go Brandon
2 weeks ago it was review time at work a large group of us REFUSED our raises. Why did we refuse a raise because the pennies offered were not good enough. It was a risky move but it paid off some what. We all landed up to $3 more per hour were still under paid compared to other factories in town but now only by about $1 everyone stays at my place for the great benefits.
The restaurant owner seems like he would be a good employer.  He basically said that the people he lost weren't slackers and weren't sitting at home getting unemployment.  That shows he thought highly of his workers.
Not enough diversity in this story. Why did 60 Minutes not want to interview any white people?
We the people... have decided to lose it to Crypto Investments instead. .. Edit: Barbara Walters hasn't aged a bit
When the pay sucks, and the benefits suck and the hours suck and the customers r turds, what do u expect?
all those people quitting their jobs are the ones leaving the blue states and moving to the red states where the mandates aren't as bad.
It’s an employer/company problem ‼️
Mostly because they think these idiot Demoncrats can keep the assistance coming FOREVER!! Lol, all of us who work for a living should just go on strike, for ONE DAY, go no where, and buy nothing, that is all it would take!!
Hey about Gen X since you want to talk about those other 2 groups???
All big companies or Fortune 500 associated companies should be paying their labor force a lot more including offer benefits
An opportunity for older people who have been kicked to the curb and still have much to give, not just to the job market, but to society in general.  The gift is where you find it.  Things are always changing and maybe this particular shift will bring surprises and lessons  that we can work with...
Why no mention of 800k+ deaths affecting the labor force?
We dont have to be slaves…at all!
What, exactly, is the point of producing a 'news' piece on this issue?  This is, quite literally, a statistical blip on GDP for this country.  20 million people 'quit' their jobs and 18 million promptly found other work.  You make it sound like NONE of them went back to work.  You make it sound like they weren't FORCED out of work by Government mandates.  Like people weren't FORCED into 'choosing' another occupation.   Am I wrong here?  Am I totally off-base?  How do you spin this as some kind of 'social enlightenment' when it was all forced upon us? [edit] It hit me.  This isn't about the lower socio-economic class at all.  This is a puff piece on lateral movement in the upper class.
BABYLON the GREAT is falling!!!!!!!!! All praises
I don’t know 🤷‍♂️  Maybe 🤔 people are finally fed up with all of the BS. Throw in useless mandated masks and jabs…. I don’t know……😵‍💫😵😳🙄
Perhaps vax mandates has a bit to do with the big quit too?
My mother in law has not worked a full time job in over 30 years! Her rent is 28 dollars a month, she gets free cell phone service, food stamps, subsidized electricity and water service. She only works during the holidays as a bell ringer for the salvation army. She's just one of millions of people who milk the system. Take all benefits away and you'll see how quickly they go back to work. This applies to unskilled or low skill workers. High skill workers is a different story.
Did this air on BET?
what? Dec21 unemployment is 3.9%. This sounds like corporate propaganda against workers. Creating a false narrative. Pay people what we are worth.
It’s a domino effect. A lot of people quit/were fired because of Covid which left businesses understaffed and workers overworked and so more people quit.
It's not a worker problem; it's a GREED of corporations and businesses.  PAY PEOPLE A GOOD LIVING WAGE.
Ask to much and no vaccine will be tooken
Because they can no longer afford to work for major corporations have suppressed wages with a variety of tools and now it blew up in their faces.
So I would like to ask a follow up question to the married woman with 3 kids that quit her job.  So what did your husband really think after you put the all the financial responsibility on him for maintaining the families well being?    Before you try to disprove people don't want to work because of the benefits that are given to them.  Well this lady could quit because she had someone else to pay the bills.    Yes many people have quit their jobs to upgrade their jobs, but its the unmotivated slackers that should be filling in these low level non skilled labor jobs.  Not the educated go getters they will always be fine.
The billionaires at CBS gives a damn? lol
You can work from home. If you don't pay enough for people to live .l feel bad for people who work in retail and hotels.Pay these people 30 dollars a hour! People will come back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SasBk1sojY8
People don't want to work for pennies. They don't like making others rich with their hard work.
They just gon start making robots to do the job
I always found employers have zero loyalty to employees, and want your maximum effort put forth for low pay. So greedy. Customers also are so rude just because they know they can be. I started thinking most people are mean if you let them be.
covid 19 is all known, and all planned for economic reset. The time is comiing that those who collect from the government. WILL GET NOTHING. This is Bible prophecy in the making. answer... Seek Jesus Christ with all your heart.
Let's all stop stepping around the giant elephant in the room called MANDATES - agree with it or not, it's happening
How about forced vaccinations?
…..I wouldn’t consider Miami small nor affordable
Job quality is horrid. Wages are a complete joke. Most jobs don't care about their employees. Getting a job is a chore. Assets are exploding and are delaying many from needing to return to the workforce. Raise wages that's a good start.
So cool! Love that.
4 day work week. 32 hour work week. Who's with me? We hold the power to make it happen.
OHHHH !!!  STOP CRYING Y'ALL WANT MANDATES YOU CAN'T HAVE BOTH OF THE PIE !!!!!!!
Let me explain to you why we're having such a problem first off there's the coronavirus is being stupid as f*** and we are getting fatigued from it second off people are hiring but people are quitting because they don't want to deal with bull crap for example a 40-hour work week is okay for some people but it is not okay for somebody who has kids or has another side hustle or job on the other side or has projects that they intend to do or is trying to buy a house not only that there's also crappy managers in higher up positions that makes it worse for other people that are trying to get on that are new so you're not looking at all sides you're just looking at the labor shortage of not looking at the whole problem as a whole there needs to be labor restructuring in the entirety of the United States and I'm not saying the government has to be Hands-On but there needs to be some regulations to prevent people from losing their jobs instead of making people work a dead end job build them up and have them work towards a career because if it's the same dead-end job daily grind for a certain amount of time and not going anywhere yeah I quit
All these businesses desperately needing employers don't even hire people that applied for the job so don't know why they are bitching. I've applied to many jobs that are desperately hiring and don't hire me even when I fit in what they are looking for. That's their fault and loss. Now I realize why people are quitting.
People leaving Democratic run states for Republican ones. I interesting 🧐
i like this program…
Where are the people that complain ilegal immigrants take their jobs; plenty of jobs now?
Miami is not affordable..lol
It’s a big mystery to yall bougees on the top....... but not to us! Say goodbye to ur slaves er I mean servants er I mean EMPLOYEES
Because of the Biden criminal administration! It's hard to believe there's people that stupid in the US!!!! Or world for that matter!!! It's mind boggling!!
Stop mandatory vaccines. Also be careful of what you wish for.
I consulted with companies regarding their work culture and helped them put programs in place to boost moral. The companies with the most miserable employees had CEOs who maintained the "You're lucky to have a job" attitude, and wouldn't shell out a few thousand bucks for much needed culture boosting.  Their retention rates were awful but they didn't care. They are a drop in the ocean of CEOs just like them. I can't help but wonder what the attitudes are like now, since talent has the upper hand these days.
The problem is that they are forcing us to stay at home forever. Do not let this be the norm! This is isolation. The first step towards totalitarianism!
So can you answer the question.? Why are people not working  .?
Branden's mandate,and it will get worse.
I told them over 30 years now.  Some finally come to their SENSES.  There are many JOBS really NOT essential. Growing Food, building shelters ( with mud, stone etc...) and Truck Drivers are ESSENTIAL.  Everything and Everyone else is NOT. When 70% of people only stay home, growing food. With the 30% working to ensure the utilities are maintained, food is on the shelf and gasoline in the pump ( for only getting food).  Everything else can wait.  People has been fooled into the importance of JOBS. It is NOT even that important to have a HOSPITAL. So much can be done to heal by individuals.
You can't get benefits? You have to submit to medical mandates? "It's not a work problem, it's a worker problem"... Um, a good employer equals good employees. And let's not forget about mom's who have quit their jobs to care for their kids who aren't in school! 🤦We CAN'T go back to work! 💔
Life is short.
3:30 guys mad he cant find emloyees meanwhile hes paying $15 when really minimum wage should be $25/hr
The fact that we get free documentary on YouTube by 60 Minutes is truly a gift  🤙🏽
Who wants to sit in traffic for 1hr each way risking car accidents, road rage, car breakdown and tickets, not to mention hundreds dollars a month wasted on gas. If you're saving money then you are making money. remote work = less traffic, less pollution, less gas resources used, happy workers, saves employers money on renting bigger work spaces and saves on utilities costs, which can in return offer bigger raises for workers in the future. WIN WIN. I'm happy remote jobs are 1 out of 7 on Linkedin 🙌
YEEEEEEEEAH BOY MORE JOBS MORE PAY KEEP QUITTING BOOMERS
Why would anyone work at any job that can not pay a living wage. I would let any company sink that won't pay 120k a year. 15 bucks an hour you can't even rent an apartment.
Bad management will run off alot of good people. I'm fixing to quit/retire from a major US /German owned animal vaccine maker because I'm tried of their bad decisions. They quit hiring before Covid hit and now can't get any good people. Used have 12 people on our team. Down to 1/2 that.
Why did you not interview a bunch of actual workers? Start with the ones that you look down upon, in your own building. Out of touch Boomers.
If a better job is available you have to quit the one you have to get it. No big mystery.
People don't want to be slaves , why don't ceos work ? And y'all expect others to work ? Boss up or get bossed around
Flexible schedules, more than a living wage, benefits, healthy work environment, and if you expect sharp workforce training, tuition compensation.
I guess we finally realized that a minimum wage jobs doesn’t equate to the amount of work we do. As well as knowing if you are feeling horrible working at some position you can leave as well.
Companies have ppp loans so no incentive to hire people. Companies pay crap. Offer no benefits. No point of me working for you then
Where's the real truth ?
Nobody gets hungry anymore if they don't work….. the working people feed them with ebt cards, free medical and dental care and housing assistance.... Why work?
The only ones that don’t know the answer to this question are the people “supposedly” in charge.
How does any of this make sense? If employees have always been mistreated and there has always been alternative forms of employment, why didn’t they quit sooner instead of accepting the abuse in the first place?  I also believe many who have left their jobs to start their own business will be in for a rude awakening. 20% of new business fail within the first 2 years of being open, 45% within the first 5 years. This current employer/employee trend is cyclical and will correct itself in 2-5 years. I’m afraid corporate employers will get the last laugh unfortunately.
If they go through with the mandates there'll be millions of people walk off their jobs
Give us more money because of inflation!!!!
Keep it up and the Senate will approve on making every illegal immigrant legal😍
They don't tell you how most refuse to take the jab
So... Y'all use this propaganda to usher in the A.I. tech right? I know y'all plans!
If my job required me to get the jab, I'd quit too !!!
Pay is crap and I’m not gonna go through that
That could only means they don’t lack money to live on with the government help which will not sustain forever, so they can feel whatever but they will be forced to come back to work.
Who would have thought that employers treating workers like trash would lead to them quitting?
Eventually people will go back to work after (if ever) the government quits paying people to not work. However, things are not exactly as being reported. Yes lots of signs asking for employees but explain to me why they are not actually hiring? Seems to be a standoff on what employers are expecting to what people are willing to do. Sometimes I think employers are expecting too much out of their workers. Employers need to ask themselves what they would be willing to do. These companies turn down perfectly good workers. I see that a balance is needed.
The simple Gospel is to trust in the shed Holy Blood of Christ Jesus. BELIEVE in the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus Christ is the Gospel! 1 Corinthians 15: 1-4 which is the Gospel tells us that we are saved by trusting in the Lord Jesus death, burial, and resurrection. Ephesians 1: 13-14 says that we are sealed with the Holy Spirit of Promise until the day that God redeems us. Ephesians 2: 8-9 is clear in that we are saved by grace through faith and not by our works or by what we do or do not do.
They should be calling this The Great Correction. I think the greedy billionaires and corporations truly believed American workers would tolerate stagnant wages and stingy benefits forever. Besides, the physical office is an obsolete business model. Why should people spend hours a day commuting just to get to a building where they have a little cubicle? Many companies are stuck in the past in that regard, still insisting that We Will Bring You Back to the Office. None of us who have been spared the commute miss that stop-and-go traffic one bit. And the home workspace is so much nicer. Work is not the sole purpose of life. Our families, and the flexibility needed to not miss out on the experience of parenthood, matters to us. Time for companies to adapt to us instead of ALWAYS the other way around!
It is all encompassing for me, bad employers and bad customers. Benefits are grim in fastfood/retail and even still your whole paycheck will go towards them. I could really go on-and-on, hence why I have been WFH since 2016. The way employers want you do these specific and detailed things and be happy with a 10 cent raise after a year. I know several people who have went into having a small business. Most the time if your business is shared with your home, the permits to operate are minimal or non-existent compared to brick&mortar. We are reinventing the labor industry and getting rid of the old archaic nonsense where the powers that be have the only say-so.
its not by choice
More then a week ago I lost a coworker I have worked with for 10 years to covid. The restaurant didn't tell me till I walked in cause no one else could work. I was there all day and I told them near the end of my shift that I really couldn't take the last table cause I simply couldn't do it anymore. They made me stay. That same day a lady fainted and I called 911... While calling 911 a customer asked where her salad was while clearly seeing wants going on... I haven't been back since. I wonder why people are quiting 🙄
How are people getting money to eat and build a family?
30+ years of stagnant pay, declining benefits and a steady chipping away of worker rights with an increasing lack of respect for the labor force from management should give you a clue.
Everyone else has already answered that question in the past year: people are tired of working 40-60 hours a week at a job and still not being able to afford to eat and pay rent, all while being screamed at by Karens. Many of these workers found different jobs, went back to school, or started their own businesses where they can keep all the profits. I saved everyone 13:25 minutes.
Australia is far from perfect but tourists often sneer at higher prices here but it is partly to do with our higher minimum wages and better conditions. It seems a bit more  of a human system. I enjoyed my time traveling in the US but I feel the great prices people enjoy for hospitality and consumer goods is often on the back of grinding peoples noses into the ground. Hopefully this rebalancing with lead to a less brutal system and make employers kinder to employees. Oh, and only two weeks vacation a yeah?! Whaaaatt?!  Best wishes from Australia 🇦🇺 🇺🇸
People getting hella money with crypto
Specifically, childcare is so expensive. My friend has a young child, they cannot find affordable care for her son. All the childcares are full with a waitlist, and even if they were to get in, the cost would basically cancel out her paycheck. So at that point, it just makes more sense to stay home.
It’s only been 18 months and Biden has destroyed this country so quickly.. thankgoodness for free states like Texas and Florida 🇺🇸
people want to get rich the easy way. welcome to the crypto generation
Maybe pay people a living wage and make them feel like they are appreciated… but nah that’s too much. Just keep low balling and complain as your account over flows
My question is, how are these people surviving with no employment? Does anyone think this will fuel the automation process of replacing most jobs with robots/machines??
That’s BS ain’t jobs out heref
well yeah, because who are the ones responsible for all your company's profits? Why it has turned out this way is because workers understand that fact very clearly now. This pandemic exposed all the lies capitalists have fed society since the 20th century.
The problem is not that workers think theyre entitled to a wage worth their time, its that employers think theyre entitled to an endless supply of cheap, disposable labor.
I love this story. I lost everything with the pandemic and moved away from Illinois to Colorado Springs. I was done with unemployment and I loved and landed a job remotely where I was able to take care of my kids with school and work. My husband found employment here and I can say it feels good letting the job choose you.
Why would anyone want to commit to a schedule for 8 bucks an hour when they could make 14 bucks an hour in the gig economy?
This is a great turnaround in favor of the employees.  One of the few good outcomes to come out the pandemic.
Circling around the real truth.
This is absolutely rediculous. If you can not see that these vaccine mandates, free money, and rising crime in these Democrat lead cities is the problem, then you will never solve this issue!!!!!
And you losers don't think forced mandates have nothing to do with it?  You really want people to believe that... lol.   You guys are delusional.
Why is she smiling so much??
I know Kristen Alfonso on Days of our lives she quit being a Hope because after COVID-19 hit, we can see what she feels as if she wanted to do something different and spend more time with her family before anything else happens. I personally feel that Kristen Alfonso should go to sex in the City because it's an empty space open.
Part of the planned destruction of the econo.y which YOU are complicit in!!!
I'm not surprised at all. People are leaving because of the mandates.
Start drug testing for welfare and government assistance...see how fast they get back to work
Looks like capitalism is broken.
Permanently Flexible!
Biden: “I did that!”
I’m noticing something that isn’t being mentioned as a major factor. There is still a majority of people that do not want to be forced to vaccinate. We were not joking when we said we will walk out if told to vaccinate. There a lot of companies that will not hire you without a vaccine.
Looking at the comments, it seems there's a lot of good people over there. But how'd you end up with the meanest streak running through your Bosses!? A 37.5 hr week, five weeks paid holiday plus paid public holidays. Generous sickness allowance. Paid Maternity, Antenatel and Paternity Leave. Possible Annual Bonus. Paid Christmas Party. Employee discount. Paid Training. Private Medical Insurance depending on role.  And a smile in the morning.  The norm, is it not?
It’s simple we’re done with the leftist corrupt corporations
My question is…how is it possible to pack up and move and buy a home when now you have no income? Is the government paying these goldbricks?
If only there was a way to get more people to work in your establishment. Or rather, more ways, so that you can be sure. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Why?   Drug Addiction Pandemic!
Let's go Brandon!!!
I knew when it was 60 minutes that they were going to spin this story six ways till Sunday, so I just went straight to the comments. Good decision. I've never enjoyed reading comments so much in my life 😁!
No one wants to spend their lives working so incredibly hard for a bad rude community, rude co workers, terrible power tripping managers.. like... C'mon. I worked in the service industry for years and was forced out of those jobs by managers who were just RIDICULOUSLY nasty people
Retail  workers and the hospitality industry got other jobs at AMAZON,  FEDEX,  UPS. Much better pay.  No,  they are NOT LAZY
They still have to work though!
Fake news
Im not gonna stop eating so everybody better go buy more mask for their ugly faces
Maybe because they are sick of taken advantage of.
Tired of all the entitled people and their bs
If government paying bills why should they work?
A Fed Ex delivery driver told me that they couldn't keep help. They had a driver return to the warehouse without finishing his deliveries... trying to get fired.  In my area, lots of "help wanted" signs... But very few applicants. Nobody wants to work. And even with wages increased and sign on bonuses. At my local hospital, we had nurses quit to become traveling nurses. Their replacements? Traveling nurses. Lol Our housekeepers and dietary make 15 an hour. They make 28 an hour for ot, plus get a one time 250 bonus and a weekly 50 gas gift card.  However, if you drive 2 hours east to the rural communities, you don't see "help wanted" signs and the good jobs (factories and warehouses) are doing well because of the sign on bonuses and higher wages.
Such bullcrap i been searching for a year for a job put 100 or more applications in and cant get one
Not y’all interviewing the rich…
moving just moves the issue property will rise because of this
03:45 That guy is epic.
Feminism is cancer that evolved into a mass psychosis of herd mentality that led to the formation and rise of the feminazi fascist party!! Ultimate power corrupts ultimately!! If a woman is managing a job then males WON'T WORK there ever.
"Hard hitting" journalism
Things apparently not considered here: Number of people sick, permanently disabled, or dead as a result of the pandemic, number of people quitting jobs where the safety measures were grossly inadequate because they value their own lives.
Over worked and under paid
It seems like a lot of people are moving from liberal cities with tons of crime to more conservative cities, as are the cities they used as examples.  I would be very interested in hearing more statistics about where people are moving from and to.
Get the government to quit stealing and racketeering for funds/revenue to support failed policies and further tyranny.
I loved The hospitality industry and I’ve only worked in hospitality since I was 13, I’m 39. Gave up restaurants and started cleaning houses and then I got a remote fed govt job in marketing and social media. Who knew. Couldn’t be happier. I don’t miss working for $1.87 an hour plus tips with hardly any days off and no gratitude. But I do miss the restaurants themselves, just not the power dynamic that was imposed there.
Omg 60 mins ago
With this pandemic you have to keep the workers contented. They are seeing for the first time what is more important in life.
How tf are people just quitting lol..... Don't they have bills? Don't they live under a roof and drive a car? Never once mentioned stimulus checks, welfare or any forms of government help what so ever which we all know plays a huge roll.
The flip side, that was interestingly NOT mentioned in the story, is that if employees are working from home, the company does not need to rent/provide office space for them. Not sure about the US, but here in Australia office rents are a HUGE cost on companies. If companies can get away with only renting half a floor in a "premium" CBD building and not needing to rent 3 floor, that is a pretty large saving.
"We have doubled our revenue year after year...it's a worker problem."  Did you increase your workers' pay after they earned you that profit?  Do they continue to share in the success of the company by sharing in the wealth they create with their labor?  No, you didn't, because you refuse to admit that this is easily solved by taking less money from the employees who brought that in.  But, please, delete my comment again.  Absolute hack reporting.
I know of many imagrants ready to work this jobs,  it's like everything is planned.
Some are getting job doing YouTube social media job digital marketing .
wages not mentioned once, pay a living wage
When will all these boomers die.
well don’t complain when you see a bunch of illigals doing your old job 🤷‍♂️
I don't know what they're talking about employers paying more and giving benefits. That is not true in my opinion, people are quitting because they aren't getting paid enough and no good benefits are given.
Vaccine mandates... senseless public health policy that is contrary to science.
If anything could have possibly come out of this awful pandemic, it's this. People have wrested the sword from their corporate masters, and they're just gonna have to change their expectations of gross profit margins. If you can't pay a living wage, you have no business BEING in business.
For the people who are all for quitting your jobs. How will you pay for food, bills, entertainment, internet and wifi?
But then why is rush hour traffic back to being just as heavy as pre-pandemic? I was hoping this sea change would translate to fewer cars on the roads, but not seeing that in real time. 🤔
THE PROBLEM IS WITH THE EMPLOYERS, NOT WITH THR EMOYEES NOT WANTING TO WORK!!!!!!!
Inconsiderate managers who are still on the "micro-managing" level.of thinking.  They become intimidated at seeing people smarter than them doing the job great, when they couldn't.  So they intimidate others to leave the job.
Try and find a well paying FULL TIME job. Yeah, I will wait,
I quit my job and started a pharmaceutical sales company out of my house, my Kia Soul and the Home Depot parking lot
I also think people are quitting due to getting Long Covid and they just physically can't work anymore.
I WONDER IF THE PRESIDENT ASKED 60 MINUTES TO BE HIS MOUTH PIECE.
Pre-pandemic: 1 in 67 jobs were a remote jobs Now: 1 in 7 jobs are remote jobs.   Thats incredibly...
ThAnKs ObAmA
I managed to get away from my toxic work environment at Denny's and got a job at a restaurant in the airport. The commute was difficult, but it was worth it in the end because, they paid me more than minimum wage and I was going to be signed on for health and dental insurance, only for Covid to strike three months later. See, people come to work if you treat them like people and not disposable garbage. I had paycheck after paycheck bounce when I was at Denny's for the lowest possible wage and lousy tips to be treated like dirt. At the airport, I was paid a little more than a dollar above minimum and it made a HUGE difference on my paycheck every other week. Sadly, neither me nor my coworkers have gotten our jobs back since the pandemic. Pardon me if I only look for jobs that pay $15+ because I have rent to pay.
Who wants to work for an oligarhic system. 8 billion people and we still have 2 systems made 120 years ago capitalism and comunism should be replaced.
Waiters and waitresses are to be Paid by the employers! NOT the CUSTOMER by tips and the establishments should NOT be allowed to pull extortion on the customer by charging them a fee for parties of over 5! This is UNACCEPTABLE!
I bet the jab mandate didn’t help
The "benefits" gave then time to realize they had time to find the job they want... instead of the job they need...  we tell you when now... employers are too much BOSS BOSS...We dont work for you, we work with you... don't be selfish...
It's funny in the beginning the host said employers are raising pay and benefits.  Which maybe true for some but a lot seem to keep things the same (or maybe try to make slight improvements) and just complain that people don't want to work.    No they don't want to work for you....business need to relook at how they treat employees and make improvements but sadly to many are just to lazy to do the work.
Let's go Brandon!
Mask and vaccine mandates are a problem. Many jobs don't match the cost of living.
Maybe women are seeing that the feminist movement did them no favors and now they want to return home to be a wife & mother and to then let their husband take the lead as provider/protector. A noble cause!  (Ok well I guess the feminist movement gave women choices. It’s ok for women to exercise those choices - to work or not to work outside the home. Nothing wrong with putting the home first)
Major corporations placing blame on workers once again
I'm now 67 years old. Most of my life I worked jobs that I loved. I didn't dread Mondays or pray for Fridays to arrive faster. For 35 yrs I was a real estate broker and even owned my own office for 25 of those years. The 2008 housing crash put me out of work by 2013. I muddled around, had a nervous breakdown, rose above it and am now retired and completely at peace!
Some company will not pay for health care, because they work only four days a week?
The problem is wages. If you work 80 hours per paycheck you should be able to afford rent
Motto nowadays should be "YOUR EMPLOYER IS LUCKY TO HAVE YOU" not anymore, you're lucky to have a job lmao
It appears as though people are moving out of dead end jobs like those in hotels, restaurants, bars, and basic labor jobs. This is a point in time when a large number of people are actually making the decision on where there actually want to work. Employers are having trouble coming to grips with the fact that employees actually have more power now. Of course some jobs can not be performed remotely like construction, equipment maintenance, and anything that's hands on but if you work at a computer or on the phone that's a different story.
Pay them well easy solution.
Mean while execs at google just gave themselves a 40% salary increase and that doesn't include the big incentive stock options bonuses.
As a Covid graduate this is one of the only positives that have come out of the pandemic. I hope this is here to stay.
this is why business and property ownership should be handled by the government so everything is kept fair and no one is taken advantage of. it's time to dismantle America.
Stop exploiting your employees and start paying them a fair wage.
I have been blessed to work at home, now am in the office. My company merged and they may not keep California office/warehouse. I am retiring in three years any way. I am also determined to hang in there, knowing that retirement is on the horizon. Very tough for young families.
Now some employers want people to get boosted and still wear a mask... TF? and provide 0 LIABILITY for any adverse affects... disgusting policies. What's next a 4th shot? This is INSANITY
Americans are quitting their jobs because they’re not being paid enough, they don’t want high stress jobs and they want more leisure time.
I’ve wanted to die on the way to work and at work at every place I’ve ever been employed bc of how awful it was on my mental health but there didn’t seem to be any other option. Finally, I got too sick from it all literally and I’ve been out of work since Jan 2020 just trying to get my health (physical and mental) back in order. When and if I ever get well enough to work again, I really hope I’ll be coming back to a place that values me and what I can uniquely contribute to their company and they treat me like an equal rather than some worker bee who is supposed to drop all of their own worth just to help the queen. When you treat your employees like they are the ones who are keeping your business going rather than some machine you constantly criticize to try to make the max profit for the few in charge, you might actually get somewhere. Employers, don’t forget we’re human too. Don’t forget we hold power too. You wouldn’t have a business without us so treat us the way you’d prefer to be treated. That means help us if we’re sick, pay us enough, give us benefits, give us the flexibility to have a life outside of work. Happy, appreciated, stable employees are going to be able to do the job way better than the stressed to the max employees that employers have forced us to be at this point. We’re fed up and it’s over unless these companies do better.
This is all happened because of Covid let's thanks for that 👍👍👍☺️
This lady sounds like she's about to cry.
To anyone reading this, if you're unhappy with your job, start searching and prepare to leave. Take the leap of faith, I promise you it will work itself out. Your happiness and livelihood are worth more than a a crap salary and being treated like a number. Stay strong! You got this!!!
it's cause Biden stopped stimulus checks case closed
It's sad employers don't care they don't give raises or vacation or holiday pay  but expect you to work 15 hours a day and this is  being a caregiver
The workes are finally, finally, opening their eyes to realize the imbalance between Wall Street and Main Street.
Here in Ohio the minimum wage increase is .40 cents. Nobody gone mention the  minimum wage was not increased  15.00 campaign promise. Okay
I quit working for ACCESS services, as well as I quit a taxi driver job.
This economist is so out of touch.  Being treated like an actual human being and being paid good wages and benefits is a minimum, for too long greedy employers have had their way.
i am calling bull on this im 62 and have been looking for a job for 2 years and can not even get a call back
I moved abroad 10 years ago.  After working at a major bank, I compared quality of life styles. The USA has a work/benefits culture that continues to widdle away incentive.  Great to see people finally standing up in larger collective numbers and saying no thanks.
we double our revenue year on year did the wages go up reflecting the good work they did
I say right on
Doing everything the can to give every reason other than the illegal vaccine mandate
Sick of making bosses richer while workers suffer barely getting by!Companies are nothing without workers!They are slowly realizing it,but still refuse raises,and benefits!
Because corporations are evil is supposedly the most humanitarian organization in the United States is having a labor dispute
meanwhile every conservative just says: "workers are just lazy lul"
Because of liberals
Fellow Greenville neighbors, you can thank this video for the amount of New Yorkers coming to invade your city. My condolences from Waxhaw, NC.😪
Quoting is easy with government hand outs and free paychecks. The next industrial revolution will be robotics replacing workers no longer willing to work.
“Let’s make sure to have almost all black people on this segment of 60 minutes as we’ll appear more credible” 🤔😒
You had a workforce at the borders and they were turned away. Could have had many entry level positions filled by some of the immigrants but I’m guessing unfortunately you did not think they were the right ones? Why was this? You had birds in the bush, so ready to work.
Employer: would you like the job?  Guy: yes I would love one  Employer: Great! I just need you to take this covid Jab  Guy: Yeah that's a hard no  Employer: nobody wants to work
American jobs in need suck. Sure you can get a job at that online PRIME giant ⤵️.  Barely pay the bills if you work 60 hours a week and be treated like a robot setup for failure. The pandemic made people realize how short life can be. Wake up go to work come home go to bed, repeat then die. 👍💀
I just likes ta chill yo 😆
I can tell you why without having to listen to this video drag it out. Because it’s easier and healthier for your mentality, to start your own business or become an influencer. And it’s never going to stop happening, with the Metaverse on the way everything will be digital. And majority of business will be automated and run by robots with the few people programming and fixing the robots. There is no point to have a traditional job, when you can make 3X the amount with a million followers and a few sponsors. God is good and he will help us all. Have a beautiful day.
We aint doing schitt for Quid Pro Joe and Kackling Kamala....get that through your heads......
I have friends who live in Europe. They tell me that in their country they work to live,in America,we live to work.
Look into the application forms and you will realize how intrusive they are. Only a fool would fill one of them out.
Upvote this comment to dislike
Irgens owner in Illinois just sent out a bragadocios email about how well his company is doing not a single word of thanks towards any of the staff that made it possible no Cristmas bonuses no relevant wage increase for last two year Mark Irgens is a P.O.S. like Bezos all he cares about is his money
Let them starving lol
Some people also just dont wanna work too lazy
Because you can stay on your bed playing with your phone and you are happy !
Sick of being taken advantage of.
I'm looking for some kind of job close to home in Burbank CA.  Rent's are so high here. + I can't do plumbing any longer because of physical reason.
I met a Walmart work one evening and I thought this guy was too smart to be a Walmart employee.  Turns out he needed a part time job because teaching wasn't paying enough.
Just replace em with robots boom problem fixed
In our area .. the great food stamp benefits are great .. food stamps n ebt benefits plus a child tax credit each month .. allowed people to stay home ..
Vaccinations and masks for the imaginary virus is THEE PRIMARY reasons people are quitting.
I don't know where she got her information but they are not offering better pay and stock options and all that garbage that you're talking about you literally have to have a higher education to get those type of jobs and nothing has changed nothing so stop. A lot of people are becoming Youtubers and working online. you have a bigger world out there online. ppl hire from other countries etc. people will survive so if you don't see them out there bagging groceries it's because they don't wanna do it anymore not because you're getting anything from the government.
I have to work. I got bills. How do you all keep the lights on? Tell me.
Because F you, that's why.
We need that jobs...
Ain't this old lady the mom of Josh's girlfriend from Drake and Josh
LOL, love how everyone is praising the labor shortage in the comments. Bruh, do you not see the empty store shelves in the grocery stores? Yeah who cares amirite? Why produce any goods? Why produce food? Naaah, itll just magically go into the stores without the need for work.
Free money from the government and forceful mandates will do that.
Ken Griffin , CEO of Citadel; a hedge fund, pays himself 60 million a month. That's why people are quitting. You can't hide anymore.
If you're looking for a real hard-hitting investigation into what's really going on, look somewhere else.  This is a puff piece designed to manufacture sympathy for the employers and the wealthy who only want to pay the minimum amount of money and benefits and expect the maximum effort, productivity, and loyalty in return.
Whatever happened to the talking point of  migrants coming here taking our jobs? Utter BS from the getgo Many of the Republican talking points are turning its head and proved absolutely false.
I never heard so many blatant lies in all my life. This entire show was a lie from beginning to end.
After 15 years in with my employer/school,  I was done. I retired from teaching after 30 years and was only 58 in 2019. I don't regret one minute, I don't make a lot but I pared back and have been so much happier.
Maybe you should quit too
Let’s go employees!!!!
To get better ones!
If you want to see how good a place is , check the ratings on line , it will tell a story how they get treated.
Most people are living paycheck by paycheck, working with minimum wage, overtime, and getting no respect from their companies, and all they get in return is the government telling them to wear the mask and get the vaccine!
Let's go Brandon!
That map tells me something totally different. There's only a few reasons I could think of for people to move to Austin or Florida.
Loyalty goes two ways..the greedy employers should learn that..
I can totally understand that people that live in virtual slavery,earning 8-10 dollar an hour are quitting in masse...what can one do with that kind of money....? The work exploitation must end...
about time workers really waking up now need more unions
Workers are tired of managers getting record bonuses and pay and nothing for labor
Employees are tired of being over worked,  underpaid and treated very poorly while watching the boss drive a Ferrari
US employers have a spending problem. They spend their money on themselves rather than increasing wages.
Well, if people don't need government subsidy checks because they can find jobs then the government should stop sending out checks.  I agree American workers should have the right to choose where and how they want to work.  If someone can find a better job with more pay and better work environment, good for him/her.  Why is this even an issue?  American workers have always had the "freedom" to choose where they want to work and what they want to do...  Some people's opportunities are limited due to lack of education, well then, we know what the answer should be...
All due to the lib agenda 60 minutes supports.
*Abella Danger*
*WORKERS ARE IN DEBT AND ILL,  WHILE THE WEALTHY (THOSE IN CHARGE OF MOST COMPANIES) PAYS FOR THEIR UNHAPPY LIFESTYLE OF USELESS ATTENTION, EGO, PRIDE, USELESS CARS, EXPENSIVE CLOTHES AND FAILS TO FIND HAPPINESS THROUGH SEX & DRUGS.  HOW CAN YOU BE HAPPY WHILE OTHERS AROUND YOU SUFFERS?  TRUE HAPPINESS HAPPENS THROUGH LOVING OTHERS—BRINGING RELIEF TO PEOPLE WITH SERIOUS PROBLEMS, FREE PEOPLE FROM BONDAGE.  ITS TIME FOR A CHANGE.*
Pay more to compete for resources. Some of these businesses act like they can't afford labor, well that sounds like a business problem not a labor problem.
Yet another stupid segment from CBS.  People are quitting because wearing a mask all day sucks. Dealing without hysterical KAREN customers all day sucks. Upward mobility is at a standstill. People just want freedom of autonomy and the only way to get it is to not work. Luckily the government is helping in this area.
Thats some Bs saying it's not cause the stimulus checks know plenty who quit through covid they got paid enough that they had plenty to put back some able to put back enough green cash that they could sit on it for almost a year without goin back to work
I like how the media is all, “Oh my God- people are quitting and we don’t know WHY!”. When, in actuality, employers have been using one worker to cover the work of previously 3 employees, no benefits, no loyalty, no increase in wages, etc. for YEARS now.
✝️ *LORD JESUS DIED & ROSE AGAIN TO PAY THE DEBT OF UR SIN!*  ✅By Faith in the sacrifice God has made are we saved from the penalty of sin!  🔵Turn from your sin that leads to death & accept His Gift that leads to eternal Life!   💜We are all sinners that need God. No one can say they are perfect to be able to pay their debt of sin. This is why only God could pay the penalty for us, that is merciful Love!
"We've doubled our revenue year after year." I'd bet dollars to donuts what they're paying the construction workers hasn't doubled even once.
I love capitalism. Don’t pay enough, no one wants to work for you. Competition protects the worker
Nobody wants to work
Brandon's America
Because places shut down and people had to find other ways to make money.  And its not the housing market thats causing people to move, its the draconian lockdown measures put in place in big democratic city's.  Now people are moving to places where their right to work and right to live will not be impeaded by an over reaching government.
For the past decade prior to the pandemic, I've gained enough experience as a W-2 employee. Now it is not that fun remaining as one where someone is always in control of your life. It's better to concentrate on doing something full time for yourself where you're the person whose in control.
People are tired of making basically nothing to live off of, hoping for a raise, praying for a promotion, and after so many years they fkin know they won't get it. Pay more, Stop trying to make 99% profit on every fkin store it's sad and not real..
One reason:  I will never take the jab.  Ever.  That is a big reason, and no one wants to talk about that.
Low key lotta women quit their jobs and start onlyfans. Knowing full well they can make thousands within minutes just sitting at home instead of leaving the house. No cap but sad
Better pay doesn’t help with inflation booming and mandates
Her opening statement Is Not entirely true. Paining more?? Signing bonuses?? That is not true for the working poor. Also, employers have so many to choose from. Employers also often are unreadable with employees as real people with real lives.
How are these people paying the bills?
Why don't you pay more and take better care of your employees, instead of sitting down for an interview and whining the whole time. No wonder no one wants to work for these people.
prophetic.....wait until the next election......democracy will be most confused
Funny this bunch is just now noticing this. Reckon they needed to find a reason to fit the narrative.  Lol.
I could of told ya that. 2021 is power to the people but in 2022 it’s something else. He second half of 2022 won’t be power to the people’. I’ll have to come back to see what is will be, got to consult the stats first
Walmart horrible.
I'll work until you have me doing double the work for the same pay.
Employers complaining when you took a two week vacation twice a year although they didn’t pay for it. Same employer not making health insurance available through the company. Hey, we became  self employed! It was tough when health insurance was $3000 per month until we managed to get to 65 years old. Whew! Self employment is the key and buying rental real estate. This was all the trucking industry. We see where they are now, begging for drivers.
Global Pandemic? Government that only protects criminals? Pennies on Trillion dollar bail outs ? Are you really that Deaf Dumb And Blind at 60 minutes? I know you have been for years and years. But it's something you need to tell yourself.  You are Deaf Dumb and Blind.
its because I found better oppurtunity...in the market, the lack of respect pushed me to go that route
This is the only way to send a message, hope they keep quitting..
Employee don’t get enough respect and pay mangers,government,president to control what they do what they lives and how hard they worked for them say oh take this or u lose your job. And befor than people been quitting cause their are some hostile, absuive environments depending on where some work at
What baffles me, is that they keep talking about "we're hiring." And yet I can't even get a simple office or work from home position job.😤
Ummm guess nobody saw Biden's job reports this week. We are doing awesome!......... Insert sarcasm here.....
Every financial goal requires 💯patience dedication and consistent spirit knowing that investing is currently the most lucrative business in the world, both NFT, real estate and Crypto shares are really positively changing people's lives, I know the problems for technology believers will end soon.
“We dont want a country of thinkers, we want a country of WORKERS” -Rothschild
Nobody cares about Joe Biden 😂
As someone who has long fretted about the day, the great whatever you want to call it is going to pave the way for A.I. to come in, replace and eliminate a lot of jobs in the next 5-10 years. Similar to toll workers and how technology has all but eliminated that career field.
If people don't have money, even if they want to retire or take a break, they can't. This is a combination of strong economy before Biden took office and trillions of dollars given to people.
We want better pay, better benefits, more time with our families and more time for ourselves. It's an employer problem
When your country's money is becoming worthless there are more important things than making power points and waiting tables.
Also, I’ve been applying to jobs left and right. Employers want this perfect candidate, I’ve been ghosted by a few. I’d rather know if I DIDNT get the job instead of being in the dark.
Maybe we need more immigrants to get those jobs people don't want.  Immigration Bill for legal immigration.
Ha at my job flexibility doesn't exist no bonuses, living there 10 months out of the year nobody cares anymore these jobs just dont value there workers anymore no bonuses, cheap health insurance its sickening I deal with getting taken advantage of each and everyday!!!! But some of us CANNOT just up and leave!!!!!
This is all old news.  Useless video with nothing new.
60 minutes TLDR: The Peasants are the cause of all these problems.
Yes but also a lot of sick or quantined people. I know 7 people that are quarantined or sick at this moment.
There can be so many open jobs because communists are in charge
We are starting to rise up for ourselves and have a voice, now they know we can do some damage if done right
This report is out of touch with reality.
I literally just watched The President boast about creating more jobs than any other President last week. Did that mean jobs created from people quitting, or is someone not telling the truth?
Ahem great wealth transfer?
Stunning!
It’s 2021, I work for a multi million dollar company. They quit matching our 401k a few years back. 😩
I came to the realization in early 2000 that the United States and world at large was going to be undergoing major systematic change.. The 20th century was a time of industry and empires collapsing. The economic, political and social order is changing again.
The SCAMDEMIC empowers fear and laziness from stimulus checks
🤡 lies
LinkedIn makes it impossible to mark down having two full-time jobs at the same time. That should tell you all about how out of touch it is to interview a LinkedIn executive here.
Laziness,no ambition,welfare wanters,EDD hopers,handouts not hands working,millenials Gen Z&X'ers used to getting everything free from single mommy.
Let's go Brandon
It's all about the money 💰  companies doesn't want to pay  a descent  rate. They  make millions and give you peanut.
many of us are not quitting and are being forced fired from unconstitutional mandates
I will tell you why  ! These  companies and business has been ripping the American people off for years .You can't live of  15  and 16 dollars an hour. This  pandemic expose these companies for what they are.
Our country needs to decouple healthcare from employment. Horrible idea from the start💡
My soon be to former employer is refusing to change my schedule so I can attend school and won’t transfer me to a higher paying position.   Life tip: never work too hard. Because certain people will keep you in that position for their own sake.
Why should all but one interviewees be all black? the lack of representativeness regardless of color, is not a good thing.
People are fed up with the company, less pay, over work, stupid company policy. Upper management make 5 to10 times more than hourly workers.
Pay us better and give us benefits. The cost of living is too high.
As a teacher, A fairly new one as well (only 4 years), I’ve seen teachers of 20+ years walk out on teaching because the amount of crap they took (and still take)  from the system became more apparent and prominent when the pandemic hit. New teachers are also not coming in because they see now or have seen these teachers walking and they are being met with the same crap (if not more) at the door of this career.  No change has been made to the system, the work environment, the pay, or how teachers (and students!) are treated.
Employers have to realize that there needs to be a balance of power between their role and the role of the employee. When either one has too much power over the other, both will suffer in the end.  It's a good thing that people are better able to negotiate and make themselves worth more to employers. It's even better when small business growth occurs. More market competition is better; the era of the giant corporation must come to a peaceful end. The likes of McDonalds, Microsoft, Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook, Walmart, and others like them must have sufficient competition for a capitalist economy to thrive. If small, competing businesses are unable to thrive due to the bigger corporations, then the average person will be worse off in all the roles of consumer, producer, and worker.
Yeah the migration to southern states has nothing to do with the restrictions in northern states or anything…. Right. Nope, affordability that’s all. That might be true, but come on it’s also definitely because of all the laws and mandates. People want freedom and sure, lower rates on things too.
Because we don't want to get the clot shot and get q tip up my brain or wear a mask to make some Karen happy.
If you want a good job GET IT NOW! If the economy goes back you might not be able to get a decent job.  Just think, if you wait too long the people working there longer aren’t going to get cut before you when things get back. Also, employers will think anyone who didn’t work through this time were too lazy, so they won’t give you a job over someone did work. Next, now is the best time to work your way up in your career since you won’t have to compete so much. There are jobs in construction that you can make a good living off, you can simply call builders and ask for contractors’ numbers if you don’t know anyone. GO FIND A JOB FOR AN HONEST EMPLOYER.
gross middle managers aren't worth anyones time. walk away people
I like 60 minutes in general.  But I had to stop watching this as the producers are framing this as a "workers problem".  When Bezos, Gates, et al are making a million a day, but paying minimum wage, not paying taxes, flying into space because it's fun... let them figure it out.  Too much of the revenue of the big corporations flows to the top.  Pitchforks and torches are coming.
We’re not working for MONSTERS any longer
Get real. We paid people NOT to work.   Some of us CHOSE to work throughout the pandemic in whatever way we could.   Go ahead and quit. Fine. Bring some value to another business if you can. Start your own if you prefer. That’s your prerogative in a free market economy.   Just don’t expect me to pay for your needs if you CHOOSE not to work. No one owes you ANYTHING. You get paid for the value you bring. Enact all the social programs you want, but you will still be stratified economically based on the value to bring to the marketplace. There is no getting past that simple fact.
Them: No Jab = No Job  Us: That's a crime against Humanity so I just up and left
Maybe because you are forcing people to inject something in their body where they cant sue if they get injured?
I do well, get paid the same. Do poorly get paid the same. Company has record profits, no change in pay. There's no incentive to work for these corporations at all.
Sounds like America is going socialist whether half the country likes it or not, Karl Marx was right!!!!
Nobody wants to work for $10 a hour, plus the Covid mandates doesn't help
Imagine pay wage the same as it a decade ago but everything else rises
It's because college is to expensive. Bc you can get more unemployment money than money to work. Companies have a lack of respect for their employees and their time. The pandemic has made people so much worse.
The Work/Life balance wave finally made it to America.
the pandemic has caused people to reassess what matters in life nothing more nothing less
I believe it comes down to one thing "RESPECT" it seems every person in the comments all add up to the lack of respect.
Because this place was led by boomers and won’t pay anyone under this. This place is awful. The pay isn’t good, anywhere. The benefits are trash.  Time to migrate to a better place. Plenty of them.
Please put Subtitle on every video please.🙏
It took a year to to find this life saving vaccine, yet multiple companies have their own version they're selling. You can't say a year of lock downs, food line,  unemployment, divorces,  depression, deaths was a failure, so heres a new name for the same virus. Luckily we didn't have to wait for this vacinne, all the pharmacies already had this shot waiting..
lets quit the job= smug of loser employees,  3rd world country = hello there
This was a great segment.
this show along with dumbocraps are lying fools. selling you a narrative
Let’s be honest, people have gotten lazy. One of our employees was making $10,000 a month and she left for an easier gig making around 1/3 of that. She admitted taking an easier job and working from home was just more important than money. That’s why she drives a an old Honda and lives in an apartment and I’m driving a Range Rover with a nice house. I don’t know but I’m not wired for easy I’m too money motivated.
Are you people really overlooking the mandate? Many have been terminated and forced to quit their job because they refuse the vaccine
2 Thessalonians 3:10
Looking for a second job. I would like a job where mostly my whole paychecks don't just go towards rent. I would like to be able to afford dental procedures I need and afford everything else and still be able to put something away in savings.
MANDATES ARE THE MAIN PROBLEM  KEEP IT REAL  FAKE NEWS
Jesus loves you he died on the cross for your sins. All you have to do is believe in him and you will be saved. ❤ ✝️
Just legalize marijuana problem solved
Makes complete sense. Notice none of the employees working in the restaurant were wearing masks....who wants to work somewhere the employer doesn't care about your basic safety?
Because people don’t want the vaccine stupid in my area u can not make any one do what they don’t want next the country will be shut down….
It's about this crazy crap vaccine.  No one's to get the ramifications with messing with their hearts (   myocarditis) . We've watched the videos
People are quiting their jobs because there is so much racism, bigotry and self-serving behavior in the work place. With racism and bigotry they only hire people based on, if they like them and if they will do their dirty work. Today's society will not allow you to dream. You can go to college and get a degree as a black person and still not find a job in your field because of discrimination. They even use Affirmative Action to first figure out if you're black. I personally have witnessed it. Now everybody's in jobs that they do not have a natural affinity for. Their also hiring through friends helping friends. I seen one white gentleman get a job at three different clean-energy companies because he knew the industry players. Guess what,  he was not that qualified. When they start treating people better, hiring the people who actually would enjoy doing the job and stop being bigots then and only then will the atmosphere change for the better.
Until you've worked in retail or dealt with the public, you'll never have a clue about how stressful it is dealing with arrogant, self absorbed, holier than thou, egotistical, self entitled people. And then there's the managers who treat you the same way.
Because all of us who stood by working as "essential" realized the pay isn't worth it.  Those that lost their jobs realized they have no life saving skills.  And above all else, we are sick of working for entities that look to protect themselves regardless of what is right and best for the people.  In some cases, it's not the pay, it's the principle.    Large business created cheap.  Cheap disenfranchised the respect for the hard work of an individual.   We are worth more than what society perceives we should get and we need more than comparable monetary achievement.
NOBODY IS HIRING! This is all bullsh*t. I’m sick of hearing this. Nobody is hiring. Nobody.
It’s simple, those jobs aren’t paying enough.
This is such a stark contrast to the 2008 recession, where jobs were scarce and everyone from all ages, backgrounds, and levels of education were competing for the same minimum wage jobs. Not anymore. Employers need to wake up and stop living (and paying) like it's still 2008.
Employers and society need to stop telling its workers to be grateful for the scraps they give us while feasting off of our unappreciated and underpaid hard work.  This modern job market is a shitshow, has been for years. When high school dropouts in the past were able to get better paying jobs than college graduates in the present day then THERE'S A PROBLEM.
There isn't a worker shortage there is too much discrimination and nastiness and people are treating each other like garbage and expecting people to accept $10 an hour when housing is astronomical.
Retail positions should be for teens and college students imo. Don't schedule them long hours and things should go well.
Eat the rich!
Because people are sick and tired of the BULLSH*T!!!!!! People had time to sit back, reflect, and open their eyes to what they were doing. And a lot of people said "I'm getting the f*ck off of this treadmill....I want something better in life...and THIS ain't it."
Living to work. Hit it right in that nail. Modern Day Slavery.
I fondly remember deleting my LinkedIn profile. Working for other people is for fools. I work only for myself now.
They are giving to much money to those that don’t work that the reason.
And this woman is NOT going back to the workforce outside the home.  Tired of being treated with lack of respect and no caring of me as an individual who was keeping their business going.  Now self-employed and having the time of my life!
They don't quit..the change jobs...where do they go to china,??? Lol
I realized a long time ago I dont have to break my back to live comfy with the essentials clothes, net and cable and food.  I don't have kids yet so that is also a good part of it.
FARTS
Because they don't want to pay someone and want all these qualifications to do a job that is not complicated and is only answering the phone.
OMG, this is ridiculous, I just can't right now lol
Minimum wage will not put a roof over your head so you can't blame the people
What does the right eye and left eye say just quit or give me.
I find it simply amazing that you  Completely avoid mentioning  The  Mandates people don't want to wear masks all day they don't want to be forced to get a vaccine if you get rid of the mandates you would definitely have more people come back
the contractor in Greenville does not want to pay fair wages or he would call the local union hiring hall and have the skilled labor he needs. Don't be fooled these people can't find workers because they don't pay fair wages!!
Why did you only talk to Black people? This show is Racist and i want reparations.
Thanks for the support
What do you mean a lack of proper income to a growing cost of living ratio is creating this? Lol This pandemic has forced people to see the truth of our system.  It's broken and it's about breaking people to get it done.
Employees are sick of being s&&t on. Lied too. Under payed. But always be there for the company.
I just got a job and they are very flexible with schedule, and time.. But they just paid 15 for hr. Even I have many years of  experiencie...
The office I work at, people quit and they divide the work up with who is there. They refuse to hire anyone. Moral is horrible and everyone is miserable. I wish I could afford to quit.
It’s says EVERYTHING that the Covid cares act giving folks an extra $600 every week was more money than many Americans had EVER made.  It took a pandemic for hardworking  Americans that the money is available and is well overdue, it’s just all corporate greed.
Who needs jobs if there is no work.
American owner opened a restaurant in Auckland, NZ and paid staff less than the legal wage and made his staff rely on tips....in a country that doesn't promote tipping. He stupidly wrote into a newspaper and boasted how he relied on American students and backpackers for front and back of house service and that Kiwi's are lazy for not adopting his management style. His unlivable rate of pay. He got hammered by other restaurant owners, the public and the pandemic. Family takes precedence here and work/life balance is the imperative. Good on American employees that have taken their power back. I wish them peace. Kia Kaha from Aotearoa, NZ.
Lack of pay for qualified and capable smart intelligent people. Lifestyle matters!
Completely marketing content without declaring!
How do you go to a wolf to know the issues of the sheep?   This was a horrible report
HOW CAN PEOPLE GO BACK TO WORK IN THE MIDDLE OF A PANDEMIC AND ITS GETTING WORSE LET THEM TELL IT . THE PRICE ON EVERYTHING IS GOING UP, BUT NOT THE PAY.
The Employee- Employer relationship is proving to be an ineffective way for people to have a relationship with the economy and commerce.  Workers are over exploited and underpaid.
All the jobs are with the irs.
So they come out with a plan called, “no jab, no pay“ meaning that if you don’t get the vaccine you don’t have a job. And then they wonder why people are quitting.
YES!!! Let’s take the word of someone who works for the federal reserve!!! The very same organization that is NOT part of ANY government agency. Let’s take the word of someone who works for an organization that is LEGIT responsible for both world wars and soon world war 3.  Let’s take the word of a person who works for an organization that tells you to your face, you will own NOTHING and love it. You want the truth? YOU CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH.  If you think you have The cojones to learn the truth start off by learning what the Federal Reserve actually is, who started it, who runs it, and I quote from Alex Greenspan when asked what is the relationship between the government and the federal reserve actually is “ABOVE THE LAW”
There are 300 million people in the u.s., this is nothing
60min must’ve gotten paid by large companies to spin the whole “it’s not us employers it’s the employees” fault for lack of occupancy in the work space. It’s a new age where people are realizing their worth. 10$ hr working in toxic spaces isn’t cutting it and people are finding creative ways to make money. It’s 2022 we could stay home and make money or open a business. Good luck to companies trying to find workers if their so reluctant on their own idea that they don’t need to change.
Jeez, 60 Minutes, this is very business-centric. It’s a quality of life issue. I, for one, used 2020 to get new training and now I’m starting a new business. I saw how others were able to work remotely and wanted that for myself.
If the workers are so necessary 🙄why not pay them a living wage and treat these individuals with respect. At least the ones who want to work.
There aren't missing workers. The job packages suck. Might as well do something like try to start a small business making candles or something because then at least you can have some self-respect.
r/antiwork You can read about real stories of employees who quit after abuse from their employers. You can get advice on what to do if your employer is abusive. Also, its a good place to get updates on the planned nationwide strike that starts on May 1st.
Oh IDK maybe pay people a reasonable amount not the scraps you doll out and not create such toxic environments.
These are all minimum wage jobs
unemployment was cut off almost 6 months ago so I wish they would stop using that excuses
Everyone is hiring omgz!!!!   *applies*  Sorry, you're overqualified.
Education. Could it be the war on teachers by Republicans? Construction. Low status work for great money based on out of date view.  There's a GM plant in my town. I could do two videos. Depending on where, the case could be made for no manufacturing jobs or highly paid automated jobs.  Stories from Amazon ate the tip of a deep iceberg. Kinda fed up with every story about professional work. Ask the low wage workers. Uncensored. Won't show that. Lots of words that can't be broadcast.
My daughter applied for a retail store which still have a now hiring sign, but it's unable to pay well and offer her a full time as an independent adult she is.
internet and online jobs is going to take over!
I think you are all dumb...people had to live when their jobs vanished. Stimulus was a joke.  This is the window to shift to to A.I it's a big game. Liars all.
The 4th Density process has Commenced. 😊
Why did they call it the roaring 20’s? People realize that life is too short and want to enjoy their lives.
Lol a worker problem? Maybe it’s a we need to pay the worker more problem
A very beautiful woman ♀️
The Americana do nota tanto work because. Companies are verte Bad with the employees. Do nota pay enouh
Pay people what there worth and people might want to come back.
Reminder for all in the thread - you are legally allowed to discuss your wages. You are easily replaceable to your employer. Healthcare should not be held hostage behind a job. Minimum wage has not increased proportionally to inflation and in fact has been $7.25 since 2009.
2:43…Yup😎
Let the immigrants my ppl in
I don't understand the same employees that want more keep voting for law makers and executives that would put workers back into the industrial revolution. If we look at Greenville SC like mentioned in this article, they keep voting for Lindsey Graham, Tim Scott, et al.
But every job i have had was crooked in some way ......all cheated and lied.. while taking advantage, threatening and underpaying  employees , ???
It’s simple PAY MORE!!
Cost of living is ridiculous a And pay is a joke!! Homelessnes will get worse and worse. It's qnd endless vicious cycle
Every society and culture works this way......the lords & lady's, Ceo's, religious rulers and then there is the common person....YOU......the trick is using the system you find yourself in and advancing your position in that system.....everything else is an excuse for failing and being COMMONER......
Dude said, we've doubled our revenue year over year. Can't find workers? Has their revenue doubled year over year? Lol sounds like just another lazy worthless capitalist that feels entitled to live on easy street off the hard work of other peoples labour. Tell him to work harder and pull himself by his bootstraps and stop expecting other people to provide him with easy living
My mother-in-law worked for a daycare 12 hours a day for $12/hr ... she had no life and couldn't afford to do anything other than survive. She's taking a break. These corporations need to redistribute wages.
wage growth is still way under inflation. The recent wage growth is well below where it should be if you take 40 years of inadequate wage growth. The fiat system was designed to steal from the middle class through inflation. The people are slaves to capitalism and the rich will continue getting richer for far less work.
This is simple... Pay people more money and they might want to do those jobs
Smaller cities give more space... Safer. LOL. Hi, fleeing liberal destruction is what you are looking for.  Please. See yourself out the door with your politically correct nonsense lady
That show is still on? They were actually a decent show twenty years ago. Now they just repeat propaganda scripts and plagiarize what others have posted on YouTube., which ironically has given people who didn’t know the secrets of being “comfortable”, the knowledge of how to become whole.
I work a state job. I work 6 days a week. $18.00 an hour. Most I’ve made in my life. I hate this job. I’m so burnt out.   There aren’t any jobs in my area though.
Because their sick of not getting ahead. It's not laziness, it's waking up
Covid plays a big part in why there are so many people out of jobs. Mandates, sickness, wearing masks all day. Worker shortage leads to frustration, less time with families, work hours that do not cover full time therefore paying for health benefits that are astronomical. Gas prices rising. Workers wages not keeping up with inflation. Growing number of people getting frustrated with the way the workforce is being run. So now even if you work from home there are trade offs. Jobs also being sent to other 3rd world countries. Being replaced by robots and people not qualified but take the job anyway. I could go on and on. Many people want to work but there is a disconnect. We are losing our values and are disgusted by how we are treated too. Hope this can one day change because workers will revolt.
Pay better wages!!!
I wonder how employee can feed their family on minimum wage, put gas in the car, pay rent and health insurance from $1600 a month . How on earth??? Please explain, I'm not sorry for employers .
NO ONE likes to be treated like garbage and paid like garbage. The jobs that are empty are THOSE CRAP JOBS.
*the real question is why are these fools still pan handling with all these available jobs floating around?*
Immigrants reading these comments rn 🙂
Too little too late the pay has always been too low manufacturing jobs the company doesn't care about you they'll do everything they can to not have to pay you your pension. Retail and hospitality are because of all the Karen's being unbearable and the employer not caring about their employees.
In London if you work for a coffee shop you make £1300 and pay for a crappy damp room in zone 4 - £800 do I need it ? No Tx.
I want to know what check and unemployment is being collected, by Americans right now? All that ended last year. How long do you think that stimulus check lasted? Math anyone ???!!! One company is trying to thrive on part timers, no benefits. Got rid of almost all the full timers 😂 Good Luck. They are all miserable in there now, so more people are quitting, get it yet ? And yes, the company got government money during "C"
Might be those vax mandates.
*I'd happily take the shots if they take 'Propylene glycol' out of the formula!  Inflammations and Arthritis and Dis-Ease are the primary causes!*
I try to get a get job at the mod pizza in my town but after the first part of the interview  I never heard back
Interesting how nobody mentions or factors into the equation the fact that the current administration is encouraging businesses to fire employees who are not vaccinated.  Seems like the wrong time to be pushing that sort of an agenda but they go all in on it anyhow.  I doubt mainstream media will bring that up when it comes to the topic of too many available jobs and not enough workers.  I wonder why???
Usually Karen’s are not attractive lol but this Charon oh my gosh 🥰😘😍
I quit my job as an in person software engineer for a bank and became a remote software engineer for a different bank and got an 8% pay increase. I will never work an in person job again after being remote for 2 years now.
Scrap the masks, distancing, jabs and passes/paper please, then, workers will come back. Scrap the ‘wokeness’ as well.
Poor management, people knowing their value and nobody wants to deal with the BS. Especially if you have to deal with Karen's.
We live in the first generation that isn't holden up to a code to follow. God is dead like they say. We start to see things for what they are, that originated a sense of meaningless, that made suicide rates escalating. We don't care, we won't work on a meaningless job making money for someone else to be able to live and give that money to someone else. We won't do it. It's better to die standing up, that's the call our generation made.
Maybe they just wanted to be free from "Job Lock"
Anyone who's been an employee can tell you why we're quitting in record numbers; employers just don't want to listen...or hear the truth. From the employer's attitude that they own you,  to inflexible work schedules, to vaccine mandates, to lack of promotion ability to unlivable wages... the employer/employee arrangement is outdated, punitive,  and needs to be reconstructed as more of a partnership.
That's exactly what I did. I work in a private non food industry. In left for so many reasons. I felt the company had no regard for me and my personal being. The two that ran it were selfish horrible people
worker problem or salary problem? price gone super high .... what's the point if they dont pay enough just go to smaller city and just get money somewhere else where you will actually be free.. for companies you are a disposable resource. and if you are so disposable well I want flexibility...
"We doubled our revenue." Did you double your hourly wage as well? I bet people would be interested then.
What about the 'non-professional' class! You neglect rest of us with this report.
The only reason people have quit is because of vaccine mandates
I see the coverage of mothers and women who stepped away from traditional work in favor of their happiness etc. I don’t see enough celebration of the men and partners who supported their decision to stop working. One lady said “thankfully my husband is gainfully employed “. I wonder what he had to say about it. What if fathers and husbands did the same? Would there be the same coverage?
No benefits, stagnation in wages. Lack of corporate trust.  Not too hard to figure out.
Ruh Roh, seems the workers have revolted.
Life over work.
It’s the strongest work force per the clown in chief, joke Biden.  Lolz
This is what the democrats wanted and they got it. They want to keep people dependent on the government so they can control them thus controlling the vote. Wake up sheeple you've all taken the bait!
Time do change, at what cost of living...
I'm GenerationX. You know, the 'Korean War Veterans' of generations. I knew long ago that any job involving 'customer service' or 'retail' just wasn't for me. Way too stressful. Same with Healthcare. Don't know how anyone does it.
These work places want us to work in unsafe environment with no benefits. On top of that a lot of workers are dying but no one gives a fk
This is why a lot of people want to work in tech. Tech is relevant, vital, and (for the most part) extremely competitive in pay, benefits, and work/life balance. Other industries need to follow suit to stay competitive. If companies aren’t willing to see that they are the common denominator of their high attrition, they simply won’t be around in the following years.
Also, peoples just fed up with those democrats state. Too much crime, high tax, cost of living are high.
Whenever someone is Oxford trained from England, it has to be suspicious for America.  Beware the British red coat agenda.
Who would have guessed extremely poor treatment with low wages would lead to this?
"Do the data tell you why"
We got two stimulus packages maybe 3. We are not banking off those pos checks that were worthless
She meant to say: We can spy on millions of linked in idiots that put everything on our site, including what level of security clearance they have..... so when we are hacked... others know it too!
that stupid mandate, thats why
If you treat your employees better they will stay.
Entirely missed the mark on the current state of employment. Employers have enjoyed a decades of ever cheapening labor and yet ever increasing productivity, but now the labor market is responding. It's time to pay up.
What is a job if it can not help you retire where you work and where you were born at, and what is country when foreign money can buy the land under your feet, the land you worked on all your life and were born on.
For me it was the diversity narrative push at work and promotions on skin color or what gender you are instead of merit. Once merit was thrown out the window people got lazy and some workers cry wolf to get their way. I had enough and quit my job.
Medical staff are quitting or getting let go.
One point that was not brought up:  If you are slaving away at work, there are 2-3 parasites that benefit from your work.  America has become the biggest entitlement country in the World.  Why be miserable working in a job you don't like, paying Uncle Sugar 50 cents of every dollar earned, and facing the reality that you are no better off than the dead-beat down the street?
Yu jobs can not pay the rent at 3500 a month plus gas and food prices plus utilities.
That’s because places don’t want to pay a living wage and the government is trying to mandate vaccines
Hmmmm….. welp how convenient and typical. Mentions they doubled their revenue but no mention of what that meant in terms of reward for the employees that probably had their workload and hours doubled as well. Blaming the employee.
The USA version of China's "Lying Flat"
I gave up working a while ago. Breaking my back for pocket change just isn't worth it to me.
They only hire teen girls with tight pants. no men wanted!
It all comes down to paying workers a liveable wage, people are tired of working for crap wages while the cost of living goes through the roof, most of these employers hardly ever adjust their wages for inflation
I'm waiting for basic income guaranteed. It's coming.
12:15 - Boom!
🙂😁
It's good to see so many millions of Americans are financially able to not work.
The people walking away from jobs are those with cash stashed and can continue paying the mortgage but for those who live paycheck to paycheck,  its not an option, except walking to and picking another job which is what so many are doing, just looking for better opportunities while the lucky ones decide to call it quits.
Lol why ask our Democrat leaders of this country it's a joke why work to give them tax money and they don't do nothing for you but take take and take
I heard workers refuse to get vaccinated.
09:44 that lady seems truly happy.  😃
Every person at every job deserves a living wage, not a minimum wage, full health benefits, and paid time off. Our lives are worth more than a minimum wage. We all deserve to live in dignity and security.
That's some Black Girl Magic spittin' Truth!
The problem is there are alot of lazy workers and not enough hard workers. So wages are lowered to make up for the lazy workers. If people actually cared about their jobs we could demand higher wages
I was just thinking bout quitting my job too
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates 🎈
STFU, 60 Min. They don't know why.
oh wow
Lol why is my insurance trying to give me money to get my vaccine?
It's all high risk and low pay and the gov not helping at all to
they win by my making you think you're alone and need them.  But There are more of us than them.
Fyi a right to work state pays you less  Dont be too quick to move to another state before you know if you will earn less
People are sick and tired of working for nothing and the wickedness that goes on the jobs not to mention other workers you have to deal with aswell
AI will be coming
Vaccine mandates. Next question, please?
That's a lie they quiting cause a lot of places or high risk and low pay I know cause I work for a company like that and I'm about to quit
Living to work for a long time , but you use to keep what you reaped, now corporations exploit every sector of LIFE..LIFE IS ENTIRELY PROFIT FROM CRADLE TO GRAVE ...thriving of addiction of every kind money, emotional, drugs, food, shopping, statues, religion, EDUCATION, sex etc....NOONE IS IMMUNE TO THIS DISEASE...WE NEED TO BOYCOTT CORPORATIONS OUT OF BUSINESS..REORGANIZE THE POLITICAL SYSTEM TO PREVENT LOBBYISM FROM  FURTHER CRIPPLING "FREE ENTERPRISE" FOR ALL CITIZENS ..WERE WE CAN ALL GET A PIECE OF THE CAKE AND NOT ONLY CRUBS..MADE IN USA QUALITY REVIVAL
Is nobody here wondering why their not mentioning all of the employees that chose their liberty and freedoms over a mandate that continues to allow covid positive workers to come to work spreading the virus while all of these people are now unemployed yet willing to work?? The Healthcare system is crumbling, supply chain issues, and staffing problems everywhere. Millions of people would gladly be working right now, get rid of the mandate, thats the problem.
NO ONE WANTS TO BE ENSLAVED FOR 200+ HOURS A WEEK FOR SOMEONE ELSE. WE ARE AWAKE AND WANT TO LIVE. NOT JUST EXIST. THE SYSTEM IS BROKEN AND THE FUTURE GRNERATIONS WILL NOT BE OIL TO THE MACHINE NO MORE. WE ARE THE PEOPLE NOT ROBOTS. NOTHING WILL MAKE US GO BACK TO THE BROKEN SYSTEM. WE DONT NEED YOUR MONEY TO SERVIVE. WE HAVE OURSELVES.
"Many people believe that generous government stimulus checks and unemployment benefits..."  Oh what planet do they live?  Those stimulus checks got eaten up with two months of family health insurance premiums.  All the unemployment added up is less than what just rent costs in any big city (assuming you aren't living with rats and roaches).
Corporations and businesses using gig workers exclusively and treating them as replaceable and expendable  already ripped up the "social contract of work". You reap what you sew. Loyalty goes two ways.
I think the boomer mantra “the customer is always right” is a poisonous mentality that justifies customer abuse of retail workers and leads to the toxic work environment in a lot of retail work places. It’s certainly what led to a lot of the toxicity of saw when I worked in retail briefly.
Good for them...not gonna take this any more. Don't have to do this job !!
Its clearly a management problem, people are tired of working for terrible employers for bad pay that isn't very sustainable and the market still cherry picks the people they want even tho theres more desperation
Lol a vaccine that doesn’t work and you need three booster already! And long term effects not known
People don't want forced jabs and face diapers as part of their daily attire.
I was looking for a job for years. Stupid catch 22 of no experience.
Because many jobs don't pay enough to be worth it. People want a real living wage!!
This is an object lesson in what happens when the government hands out stimulus checks and forces the Capitalist boot heel off the necks of employees, even for  a short period of time.  We can't maintain a Free Market economy with workers doing whatever they feel like doing.
You forgot medical. Nurse walking away in droves. Brandon
Then Americans Complain when Hispanics take over jobs because they are willing to work..
i feel that when the govt STOPS handing out money for having children, etc....and people start going back to work, it may get better!!!
N.I.L. Trojan horse, Real talk of course 🤔, They cracking the code like Morse, Temp you like that job force...
Actually a pretty decent report, not great, definitely misses a lot of the nuance of this topic, plus a little bit too much of the boomer "oh whaaatt!?? you don't live to serve your capitalist overlords???" but that's to be expected from an MSM outlet. Overall I'm glad that someone is talking about this in a fashion that is deeper than just "lol kids these days just don't want to work"
Yup. If you need a day off, take a day off.
So your telling me that if you were bringing home roughly 350-450$ per week prior to government handouts, and now making close to $1k a week for not working. That doesn’t have an effect on the workforce? Especially the low skilled sector? Cmon man! Just like to stupid lady talking about let’s go for a walk, that comfort can only happen if u don’t have a government check coming in! Wtf!
A tune comes to mind in this times TAKE THIS JOB And SHOVE IT 🤙🏾😆
"There's no office that could offer me what I have in my house." You go sista!
It’s because of mandates
Ps remote jobs are dope
When the government quits you, you   quit them right back!! Taxes are too hight, cost is too hight! The American dream is dead!
One thing settle back down after this so-called pandemic I could be wrong but I believe all of us stay at home work jobs are going to come to an end but like I said I could be wrong.
I quit working hard because of student loans. I refuse to work to pay for schooling that never helped me get the job in my desire field. This is the beginning, if they don't stop stealing money from the poor, then it will continue. I only work part time, and I don't have extra money, but if I earned it, the rich will just take it for the fraud of college. I worked as a 18 wheeler, but I am not going back!
This is terrible reporting. The next time perhaps you should interview the people leaving their jobs? This isn't a "worker" problem. It is people who realize their worth and fight back against extractive companies and greed.
All companies are not hiring like that, they’re making record profits by NOT paying payroll and instead pushing the existing employees harder for a $1 or $2 more an hour
its obvious they are leaving because they arent getting paid enough for the job
The tradition of Americans working themselves to exhaustion and depression has reached the boiling point. It's time for a change. The need for a increased minimum wage for a living wage along with better benefits is a must. Companies are going to have to learn that the workers are the most important, not the share holders. Quality of life is the most important.
There are "Thousands and thousands of jobs available now". Even if the employers make changes to attract employees and they fill these jobs--I am interested to see the statistics of how it turns out in a few years. For example the guy hiring who called the employee every day for 2 months--I hope they follow up in a year or two and we get to see what happened.
Welcome to freedom
Why?   Because people are finally fed-up with sacrificing their time, health, and personal lives just so CEOs can buy another yacht or mansion. People are tired of being wage slaves.
Here is my comment: We are in the age of Aquarius, One of twelve Zodiac signs. The previous sign was Pisces, which was the age of control.  The Aquarius Age is the age of autonomy, or self governing, and we are currently ten years into this new age.  Remember Dec. 21, 2012.  Now, Jan. 2022.  What a difference ten years can make!?  This age is affecting Earth environment too.  Weather, forest fires, glacier melts, but not just Earth, all the planets in our system, and the Sun are the affect of enhanced EMF.    People are leaving jobs, because they believe there is something better and/or will become independent.  No more Corp. or small business control.  This new age will also affect religious environments as well, and people will become spiritual, as opposed to religion.    Take it easy,  R
My employer decided to go remote in March 2020 temporary  and Sept 2020 decided permanently. I moved to GREENVILLE, SC March 2021 for the weather and lower cost of living compared to Rhode Island.  I was able to save money after I was able to get rid of all my credit card debt.  In December 2021, I was SO BURNT OUT, that I resigned. I have enough money to live for 4-5 months.  I am taking a break! I hope to find a great new job in Greenville, SC or remote work.  I quit! I don’t regret it! #TheGreatResignation #TheBigQuit  I worked with than company from 2001-2021… it wasn’t an easy choice but I just couldn’t take it anymore.
Simple Answer: BIDEN.
I used to believe workers in the US must have the best benefits, hours and salaries across the globe -  it made sense since they're one of the most developed nations in the world. I can't express how astonished I was when I learned you guys have a stagnant minimum wage, an incredibly low number of vacations days (and forget about paid sick leave) and no maternity leave.  I just can't believe why anyone would be suprised that there's a worker shortage problem.
Companies will need employees to come back to the office.  We spent the past 20+ years focusing on "corporate culture" and "team building," where the work from home environment makes that extremely challenging.  Productive work from home may be possible for someone with work experience, however the younger generation doesn't have that experience and companies will suffer with productivity and team building. I think flex schedules will remain (to a degree) and employers will have to make the office an enjoyable destination.
I've been saying this for MONTHS!  People don't give enough credit to the american worker/citizens to figure out something else to do other go back and keep doing the same thing that you've been doing that you don't even like!  And what doesn't anyone bring up the fact that we've lost nearly 1 million people in deaths as a result of covid etc?  Not to mention the other random deaths of people due to other reasons?
For decades, employers have treated workers as disposable, giving us less while demanding more.  Endless rounds of looming layoffs, stagnant wages and being told "In this environment, you're lucky to have a job."   Well, the tide has shifted and workers are now prioritizing work/life balance and overall quality of life over your piddly paychecks and patronizing tone.  Take your job and shove it.
Only Half True, 60 Minutes.    Many workers in Blue States are quitting and relocating due to Biden's vaccine mandate, as well as those vaccine mandates from Blue State Governors and Blue City Mayors.
"Thousands upon thousands of available jobs..." where employees are told they are essential, but not paid that way.
I am a "baby boomer" in England, and I retired early 11 years ago, so I completely understand why my generation are doing the same in America. I had had my own series of traumatic events at the time, today it's the pandemic, but people are responding the same way: what am I doing, why am I still working? I looked into how my pension would be affected and realised that I would lose money, but that did not seem important compared to what I would gain. I've never regretted my decision, though it took a while from deciding it was a good idea, to deciding one morning to write my letter of resignation. It was a shock to suddenly have to get by on a little under ⅝ of my previous income, but a few changes in life style and life was great. I do not blame any boomers from taking this step; what surprises me is that people seem surprised that people are taking the step!
Because customers and management treat us poorly. Like we’re not even human beings.
Americans don't stand for tyranny... Mandates and dirty politics is enough of a reason for many. This is America... Leave us be and let us thrive like we have been. Don't make us decide between our jobs and values of freedom. Jobs are plenty, but many don't qualify due to mandates. 🤷 Give us our country back... Propaganda is everywhere, this is no exception. Go ahead and address the real issues. These other issues have always been here, but people were pushed too far. Pay... Flexibility... Balancing home and work... Blah blah blah Get to the root of the root of the problem. Keep digging and you'll find it.
..no pensions out here anymore, hope and scrap (if you can) money from your check to put in a 401K or 403B and hope your employer can match you at a decent rate or you have zero at retirement, poor health insurance options and companies constantly changing health insurance so they won't have to pay much out for employees, people are reprimanded (even so called "professional" careers for taking time off to care for themselves family or for a break. Bonuses non existent. It's exhausting and people are tired of being devalued. At someone's job.
The pay still not enough.or the job sucks.rent in Florida 1500 need three times rent the jobs can't give me that are McDonald's
I quit my job because someone I worked with died on the floor at work. The company gave everyone 30 minuets off... 30 minuets... And then everyone was told to get back to work. That employee had been there for 15 yrs. I've since started my own business and never been happier. Companies want us to break our backs for them but want to treats us like expendable garbage. Given a choice, why would anyone want to work for that?
I think the other problem is young people aged 16-20. They are lazy, they don't want to work, and everyone's trying to be an influencer or get TikTok famous.   There's a lot of them working, but it's not like it was 15 years ago when we were that age.   Wages is a big problem as well especially in red states like Texas where they throw $7.25 an hour at everything. I moved their for 5 years and went from working one job and 35-40 hours a week to having to work two ft jobs and over 80 hours a week and was still making less money then I did in Illinois.   Workers want to be treated like humans, fair pay, benefits, and a flexible schedule. I've seen a lot of people quit jobs because they couldn't get the days off they wanted or the shifts they needed to take care of their kids or school schedules.   I've literally watched co-workers of mine have to study for test in the break room because the managers wouldn't give them their requested days off.   So it's a huge array of different factors causing this, but I think it's a good thing in a sense that future employees now have some negotiating power unlike before where you were told what your pay would be, what your hours would be, and forced to work on their schedule.
PEOPLE HATE DEMOCRAT RUN CITIES AND STATES!! THEY ARE ARMPITS!! hahahahaa
God bless America _  Will work for 23 an hour _  Now!!!
maybe there’s an employee shortage because hundreds of thousands of americans have died 🤔
Could it be FORCED vaccinations?
My wife quit her nurse job to be a stay home mom and I work extra overtime it works out a lot better
Of Course there would be a labour shortage because of the pandemic. Why don't the employers mention that most of them are enforcing vaccination on their employees.
Why don't you ask us citizens this is a total joke you never ask us. Why your nerritive. Real people. Don't like the internet we have leaks like a swive mining our data. Selling our data even gov agencies are being attacked.
They have signs but don’t hire….fake signs
Companies got too use to paying PENNIES 😬😬😬 That's the real problem, pay a better wage.
Will go back to work at _  PANDA EXPRESS _  2O24
https://youtu.be/1Z9bp_3YOwc
https://youtu.be/1Z9bp_3YOwc
Maybe it has something to do with the virus or the vaccine mandates 🤔
Oh yeah Miami and Austin are affordable 😂😂
Big mistake. What a bunch of lie we quit because of the Mandates and lower wages and zero Healthcare due to after effects of the meds. Go ahead a lie.
It's unfortunate that people can't see the dislike counter.
Jesus 60 minutes stop shilling for your bosses
100% agree with the last comment. Since 2011 I've been working independently and going to the office 75% and 25% remote. But since March of 2020 that all changed, now I work 98% remote and 2% office and will keep it this way even after the pandemic is over. I see more of my family, my productivity has increased 100% fold, I drive less, have less expense, sleep and eat better, take more breaks throughout the day, very very low stress levels. Don't see the downside at all.
Nobody in this story mentioned pay... hmmm
please get me construction job.
The companies that fall from people standing up for themselves are exactly the ones that need to dissolve
It's bound to happen if they aren't paying them well.
Who would wonder, those people are sick and tired of being underpaid and treated like expandable. Now try to find new dumbards that would actually go work for such a non-wage at these hard times with all the health risk. Working from home is seriously a big improvement in work-life balance. Because all those fancy stories about the offices at Google and Facebook that employees can roam around, and they have a gym in-house, and they can take breaks and all that, well it's just a few companies. Go look at Amazon and you enter a totally different world. But Amazon should better understand, if people quit, they are done.
I love how I always heard the "find a better job, this is for high school kids, this wasn't suppose to be a career job, go work somewhere else that offers more pay/hours, etc. When people would complain about low wage jobs for the past 10 years. Now it seems like a lot of people took the advise from all the people and now there are no workers to work these jobs anymore..... guess there was not enough high schoolers that needs to work. Oh yea, they go to school during day so how is any job just designed for high school students extra spending money by working this low paying 25 hour a week job.....
By closing it borders, denying asylum seekers, xenophobia and anti-immigration rhetoric; america will cut off its nose to spoil its face.
Open your country to third world. You are missing out on brilliant, bright, well educated and very hard working South Africans.  We don't get any benefits so we have to work.
“Can’t NO JOB offer me what I have in my house”.  ABSOLUTELY, young woman, ABSOLUTELY.  👍🏾👍🏽👍🏾👍🏽  GOD bless you and your family.
Everyone started steaming themselves trimming their toenails and selling them for a bunch of “unique” people, more or less.
A job is an exchange- labor/service for a price. If employers are unwilling or unable to pay the demanded price, perhaps they should go work at Walmart.
Some have quit because they don’t pay much, others because they retired, others because they have died and others have being deported or others are starting their own business online or the are others they move to another states or country, others they don’t have a good resume portfolio owners tend to looks those who have a good education etc… and they discard the ones that either doesn’t have agood resume or good education
https://youtube.com/channel/UC0Ok1x24OE5lwhg1niKxaCA
and yall want 2 close the border lol
Because people are lazy and want to be homeless
I've been self employed and I decided to try the job market took a Marine desk Job at 16hr. this job should have been a salaried position paying 55K for the amount of work and demand they were asking.
Do mandates have anything to do with it?
Middle class is.....history You're either high or low
I’m sure the mass exodus from larger cities had nothing to do with looting, rioting and increased crime.
I am very happy to see mothers choosing to stay home and raise their children!
From slaves to workers to we the people just maybe...
A lot of this was coming sooner or later... The way employers have treated the work force over the last 50 years have forced this to happen. On top of the fact that they enabled "right to work" laws over most of the nation, where workers rights are trampled on and employees treated unfairly and sometimes right out disrespected. Employers must do better by its workforce ranging from health and safety to fair wages and a good work/home life.
If people are not working then how are they eating or paying their rent? I come from a generation that if you don’t work you don’t eat unless you were going through a hardship and cannot find a job. This is a great opportunity for young people to get any job they can to at least learn work ethics until they have enough money to go to college and find their career choice. I hope young people are getting the lazy mentality.
We are used to making 3k a year _  Working in telemarketing _  Or living off government!!!   God bless America _
60 minutes should be embarrassed. This is a pathetic piece of reporting. They went to business owners and LinkedIn for answers on why people are quitting their jobs. Did it ever cross your mind to ask the people who are quitting? Really really embarrassing. Clearly, 60 minutes no longer cares about journalism.
I'm an owner, I want to pay $1.25hrly. Can't find any workers. Why?😂😂😂
60 minutes finishes in 15 mins why not rename it ..................... so deceiving.
That’s a good move to destroy a system that helps millionaires and billionaires. Employees are not respected by their employers and those bad customers. And if something happens the employer is more likely to treat a costumer better that the employees who are there helping him.
I love supply and demand and how beautifully and efficiently it balances the market demands for employees.
Of course they only focus on the white collar jobs, and give construction a passing glance. People working the service and hospitality industries are still being treated unfairly at work, and it wont get "better" until these large retailers and restaurant chains get wise and start treating people like human beings.
A 60 minutes episode that features a bunch of women of color is an unexpected and welcomed surprise
What about selth-checkout lanes at grocery stores taking jobs from cashiers, and other AI automated workers that reduce jobs?
This is the break from norm that was needed for people to allow getting creative and experiment implementing robotics
1993_  Over???  Lmao _
Uh it's simple. Mandates.
JJKS😆
JJKS
It's amazing that they skipped the issue of companies not addressing bad managers.
We aren't respected by our bosses and aren't compensated fairly while they take home the big money. #WorkingClassRevolt
Its easy to leave your job when you are getting checks each week from EDD. I'm sympathetic, but I also believe in grit. Im 23, I am talking about my age. We are abusing the system that's abusing us. Just a weird situation
I have worked as a security specialist for over 30 years, and the last 8 months have been the worst EVER for violent attacks, crazy racist customers, homophobic attacks, vandalism, etc.  The followers of Velveeta Voldemort have made EVERYTHING horrible for everyone. No one wants to put up with them anymore.
It is disgusting that there are no investment constraints on our national representatives.  Any of them can invest in anything!!  they aren’t even pretending.  members of the House and Senate just invest in whatever they want, even if they are committee members that are deciding issues related to the companies they are investing in  ALSO WE NEED TERM LIMITS ON THEM!!!!  it is embarrassing to have representation by people who are too old or too ill to be present except for votes!  They leave Washington much more wealthy than their federal paycheck and any other personal business.  WAKE UP
Three motivations of workers right now: Pay Pay Pay
What a dumb question & if you don't already know the answer then WAKE UP idiot !!     Don't feed the ducks  or they  won't migrate
How about talking to some actual freaking workers?
There is no jobs i think
Virtual assistants have been offered for years though all the online work platforms since the early 2000's such as from elance now upwork.
Hire the homeless.
Always spinning for the dems.  People are quitting over vaccine mandates.
A lot of Americans are so lazy!!! They get paid more on unemployment but that's going to have to end at some point and what are they going to do!! 😩😩😩
It's because American industry as a whole had oriented itself towards depending on a huge captive labor market that largely lacked the freedom to choose otherwise.  For decades, a go-to cost-cutting move for consultants called in to wring the last drop of profit out of anything was to pay less and offer less benefits. It's why so many people in the country are now somehow contractors. It was hugely shortsighted, delivering short-term gains that were fragile. Now, that crappy seed hast borne poopy fruit.  If you business relied upon people possibly going homeless or starving to death if they didn't accept your minimum wage toil then I have no sympathy for you. If we had a stronger safety net in my country, these problems wouldn't have had the chance to occur.
Karin lost my attention as soon as it was stated she previously worked at the Federal Reserve Bank.
It's as if people don't want to work themselves to death to make some 1%er rich. How very selfish of them, LOL.
Because you MSM News outlets are spreading propaganda and fear. This B is as fake as they come.
Just less than 3 years ago l could buy a gallon of milk for .99 cents. lt had been that for 10 years at least at Walmart. Now its tripled to $3. l could buy a two piece leg & thigh for .99 cents. Now its $3.99 for 3 pieces dark. l could buy a Coors 24 oz beer for .99 cents. Now its 2.79 almost triple. Now repeat this to ad nauseum on everything. Even my home value has gone up another 25+% in this time. Employers however have not had any wage compassion on employee's for this insane inflation we're living with. If it were to continue like this a case of Coors beer will be $75 dollars in 3 years. A gallon of the cheapest milk will be $10. A bucket of KFC chicken mixed will be $75.  Lets be honest.  To people making 100 grand a yr. this is a nuisance. To regular employees this is a deal breaker for the amount they can safely live on. Its really that simple.
I see all these commercials about making money without having to work a 9 to 5, There is new world called the Megaverse opening up, There are just alo of other opportunities for this generation, not to mention that 19 yr old girl that got shot just two weeks after she got hired at burger king
Pretty flashy LinkedIn advertisement they put together here.
No one is calling it the big quit.
I really don't agree workers have the upper-hand or "...are in the driver's seat right now." From my perspective, money is an invisible, imaginary resource we've all agreed upon its usage; however, most of the modern world (US in particular) are experiencing a terrible and arguably unhealthy life-work balance for this invisible currency. I'm thinking many others are experiencing burnout but also do want change - a better work environment, hours, and benefits. Let's not forget we're in a country that doesn't provide all their citizens health care, so why the heck would anyone not understand why employees leave jobs without health insurance?
Large corporations seem not to care that they wouldn't be where they are without their every day employees. Only care for their shareholders and their own benefits.
Notice those pseudo journalists didn't ask none of those employers simple most important question... what are you paying your employees?
People want respect and to be treated equally. Not all employers provide that.
Good for workers rights!
Maybe those sectors are only allowing vaccinated employees to work.
A time that questioning the value and moral of the Quality of Life. Satisfaction with the availability of your surrounding .  අල්පෙච්චතාව - Practice it. You will feel great .
Non essential jobs will never be filled thats why ppl won't take that risk of not being able to work
In the years immediately following the bubonic plague, serfdom collapsed and was replaced by a wage economy.  Remaining workers had the advantage because so many had died.
Biden said $15 and hour and was like nevermind. No need for analysis
8 years I quit my job 3 months after I  bought my first house. Everyone called me nuts but my wife and I wanted to start our own business and be free. The curve definitely caught up with us.
Don't mention that everything we were working for is being destroyed by corruption in America across the board. All corrupt, do you want to work hard to fit into a corrupt society?
The big quit! Hahahaha.  You mean the big coercion!!
60 Minutes is trying to put a positive spin on this whole " Great Resignation".  In reality, people are just fed up with selfish employers and heartless capitalism as a whole. They make it look like the employees made a choice. No, it is not a choice if your only options are continuously being exploited by the big money or just quit!!!
Feminist won’t understand this… but women don’t want to work. They want to stay home . They are happier
This say there hiring but in reality there not and people r fed up with the b.s jobs
I am long gone from workplace,  never going back.  Never was much of a union guy, for all the reasons that, if they took this opportunity to amend, could, possibly be a way.   My dad, grandpa, good bit of family tree, were union guys. I still respect the idea, sans just another layer of crooks whose lively-hood depends on YOU going to work.
There was a time in America where we used to deal in facts. We still look at numbers. Now it is all propaganda.  In our company, we’ve increased the average pay by 50% since the pandemic started. We’ve had a new benefits to our package that we never had before. Nonetheless, we have an unprecedented shortage of people. I have a large network of friends and acquaintances that are company owners, and they are all doing and saying the same things.  The big riddle that you cannot solve, is that the government has now is paying 18 and 19-year-old kids to stay home and play video games. Wake up.
We're tired of u getting rich off us and And treating us like dirt while you go on vacation
When the cost of living is going up, inflation etc, along with employers not paying their employees enough, then yes expect them to quit because they know if they stay in that job it will be just as good as leaving.
Jobs are just telling you to go online and then never return your call or in my case Hannaford just isn't giving me hours so who really is at fault
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ all of this
It's a pay problem. Imagine working for tips WTF. Time to share the wealth more equitably.
This is a joke people can’t afford to live on 10-15$ when rents 2000$ dollars a month and that paycheck Might buy a full cart of groceries on top of every other cost and bills. It’s about spending literally every second of every week for years for absolutely nothing but the chance to do it again next week. The “shortage” only exists in the jobs that aren’t paying enough to live. Pay people more money problem solved
it’s simple. i hate that “analysts” can’t seem to figure out why this is happening. PAY. PEOPLE. MORE. LIVING. WAGES.
Every NEW variant is less lethal then the previous…. It’s actually how the virus survives. It’s no reason to shut the economy down or pay people to stay home.
The first rule in fight club is you don't talk about fight club your better off leaving the country sneak back in and claim hairy legs separated you from your kids and wait for your $4000,000 to come in the mail done deal.
Turns out unemployment compensation wasn't actually what was keeping the job numbers down? Who knew? Duh! Helping thy neighbor helps you in the end you idiots! #Justsayin
This is BS. I need a job that sings to my heart hahah .
Cue the robots kids.. these jobs are better for them anyway
I was part of the great retirement, best decision ever.
When the free money (also called “helicopter money) dries up, people will go back to work. It’s laughable that low skilled workers expect to have a comfortable living. Wages will and have gone up, but low skilled workers will cry just as hard in days to come when inflation eats up their checks. Same thing, different day.
People were fired because of the vaccine mandate, they did not quit
New generations are soft cry baby's it takes years to build wealth it's not easy that's why it's called work.I just retired you can all kma lol as I enjoy my nice home and bank.
People don't quit jobs, they quit managers who lack respect and dignity for their workers. They did not feel valued and no amount of money fills that hole
"it's a worker problem" god bless their sole to the guy who said this
Child care, hazard pay, and ending drug testing for pot might help If dispensaries can pay hazard pay why can't other employers? Why busy your a** for companies that get rich off of the backs of those who can barely buy groceries?!?!
Y'all ask this question every week. Now y'all know why. The ungrateful customers needy bosses and the pay is absolutely abysmal.
they also forgot to mention the vax mandates and the simple burnout experienced by those who weathered the past two years on the job, doing the jobs of those who left with no increase in pay or benefits.
Only one worker interviewed. Multiple Employers are interviewed. No survey, no attempt to get an answer from the workforce. A waste of time. Steups.
What happened 60 minutes? Bill grinning like an idiot while the country burns.
Not choosing to quit. Millions have been fired because of the vaccine mandates. Why is no one talking about that?
Until they fill the  vacant jobs from people who are willing and ready to work from other countries who are noted to be hardworking and doesn’t complain much and just have a different perspective of just having a decent job
I think we all know why. Forcing people to get a shot coupled with low wages equal mass exodus. Doesn't take much common sense to figure this one out. What a joke
50% are working on back without registration..... How about give everyone right to work instead of paying 5 emigrants same as one with documents
Pay better wages,  Give better benefits,  Allow more time off.   Avoid churn. Make a better work life balance available,   america is notorious for a bad work environment. No one wants to be payed less that it takes to live,  or robbed of time with family.     "Work to live"  not  "Live to work"
Ayo all I ask for is good working conditions and a livable wage
lmao 60 minutes completely misrepresents the issue and blames workers.  We are stuck with low wages and toxic work places and bosses.  PAY PEOPLE MORE AND THEY WILL COME.
Becuz big companies are greedy af and dont value their employees were all “replaceable” remember
We are used to making 33 dollars an hour _  Sitting in an office!!!  Lmao _
"Why are workers leaving the workforce? We asked this select group of employers to give their unsolicited opinions on the matter instead of asking actual workers."
"The difference is, it's MY choice", spoken by one of the ladies at the end. That is gold and speaks all truth. I left my career job of 15 years in early 2021 and haven't looked back. When it's your choice you have more control and feel 100 times better about what you are doing. Even though she is still very busy working for 3 companies, she's far more happy because SHE made the choice to leave her Marketing job to do what she's doing now. Great video!
let me guess, NOW we want open borders...hard labor jobs nobody wants...
Michael Jackson knows the answer 💯
Very sad
Might have to do with a certain mandated injection that people do not want or need.
Interesting times and direction this labor market is going. This is what I am excited to see more in the future to have the choice to work from home.
Maybe it is a littler more simple than what was presented. Try this. Getting a degree used to be the exception which meant people with degrees could demand ever increasing wages and benefits. With more and more people going to college be it in person or online is having a degree now become the rule leaving millions of service jobs in all sectors unfilled? Were those with degrees working jobs like waiters and bartenders etc.... forced by the pandemic to actually find a job in their trained field or something similar again leaving those service jobs open?
I feel there is a point that was missed. Within the age range mentioned in this segment, there is a group of people that won’t take jobs that enforce the VACCINE MANDATE?
Double your revenue and did you double the pay for your employee’s or even close? Or do you just keep it for yourself?
Nothings changed, people have always hated working. What's changed is free money from uncle sam if you don't work, and your house is now worth twice as much, your stocks and cryptos are up 100% you've got money in the bank as a result and you don't have to work. Bills are being delayed on student loans and mortgages. Stuffs going to change and people wont be able to find a job let alone enjoy their work
If employers would treat their employees like family instead of just another cog in the wheel, things would change dramatically.
I’ll tell u why it’s happening… time to bring out the robots to do our jobs!!
There are women who decided that being home for their families is more rewarding than any outside job, so are choosing not to return to the workforce.
After being belittled, dehumanized, and psychologically abused by my boss...I hit a wall. After 2 1/2 years I finally stood up for myself, went into therapy and gave the big middle finger to that job and I know my worth. Don't ever let it get so bad that you begin to feel worthless...
This is temporary situation. Soon employers will realize that if you can make the work remote, you can hire people in the developing world for the fraction of the price. Then the power will be back in the employers hands.
Quit my job last week. Now i sleep at a homeless shelter 😒 rent free
Why? Easy. We’ve been hearing “why don’t you just quit” for decades.   So, we found something better.
One of those reasons is beCause of mandates!
Part of problem is internet applications no one does in person applications anymore
Immigrats will do better job_  Work more hours for less with no benefits!!! God bless America _
This is the most fairy dust take.
I wonder how such an interview misses a very baseis concept of offer and demand: if there are all these open position and no one is takin'em  then the pay is toooo looowww!
And those who want to work they make it difficult to even get into the workforce
Why bother, when the cost of working is higher than the presumptive benefits. Working kills people!
I hate getting a $1 raise and then finding out a week later that the minimum wage increase $1
People have had enough of poor wages and lack of benefits, bad or dangerous conditions and employer abusiveness.
right i seen it were some jobs are going to stay on the longest is were 1 mexocan at a compny, he was paid 32 dollares a hour, he stay on for 5 years never miss a day, i did to but i was paid 6 dollars an fifty cents. for 4 years i last pay check was 7 fifty cents
My daughter and husband were fired because they would not get the jab. I got the jab and started having heart trouble!
First it was no one wants to work because they’re on unemployment  Now it’s everyone’s quitting . It’s not black & white . Some people switched careers , some went back to school , some stayed home to do virtual school with children . Some are covid long haulers . So many different reasons
I just lost my job at Amazon last night because I was negative hours because I had to go home and take my brothers wife to the hospital since she was in labor.  They told me it was a 100 percent certainty that I was going to get fired so I decided to quit instead since I may have a chance of getting the job back.  I don't know what I'm going to do. I really don't.
It's pretty simple, we don't get paid a living wage. That should be the bare minimum across the board. Rent is too high, health insurance is insane, car insurance, it's just not worth staying at a job where they make you do overtime and you still cant afford rent. We're done with slavery fck the employer.
Simple _  Won't work or do jobs_  Immigrats will do!!!
Work in labor and employment law I’ll tell you right now these people are NOT leaving the job market they’re just going to jobs that are paying them better and allow them more flexibility. People are working remotely. But they’re still working. They’re not all on the welfare.. Unemployment claims were going down not up. The labor issue that employers are really complaining about has more to do with the lack of migration from seasonal workers. And that all has to do with a group of greedy politicians that are playing to the dumbest group of people in America. You don’t allow the dummies to make decisions about the rest of the country unless you’re trying to get elected.
Show me one adult who wants to go to work for 7.50 per hour. Employers no longer treat employees like people rather SS numbers and nothing more. They use you up physically and mentally without even giving you health insurance to care for your physical or mental. All while paying you scraps that barely end up being enough to get by. The haves will never understand the have nots. I started working for myself 8 years ago and Id never ever go back.
Housing markets are skyrocketing and the people hit the hardest are young kids with nothing to sell to get into a home
...How much are they paying?
I agree with many of the comments here. But I would add that the additional pay, bonuses, better benefits are only part of the picture. Its also some of, "a little too little, a little too late." For years, probably decades, employers, owners, managers, supervisors treated the workers as disposable. They demanded loyalty, punctuality, coming into work when the employee had the day off, good customer service, but the owners and managers and supervisors gave little loyalty and consideration for the employee in return. And this has been going on for a long long time. I should note that in many businesses, its still going on.   For decades, even in the face of record profits, employees hear, "well, you're already at the top of your pay scale, so I can only give you a tiny cost-of-living raise," or even, "I can't give you a raise at all," or "sorry, things are tight right now" (all evidence to the contrary). Its chronic bad treatment, even when the employee in question has given 150% for months or years. Look at the terrible conditions programmers, game designers, software engineers must endure, in some cases endlessly, eternally: Being overworked is a permanent state with the promised "end of the rainbow" never materializing. Employers just keep moving the goal posts.  I know of many people who have worked diligently, tirelessly and with a good attitude for a company for decades whose retirement is entirely their own affair, their own problem. And with healthcare coverage in the hands of employers, this is part of the reason why the US has some of the worst healthcare in the first world, despite paying through the nose for it. Every issue I talk about here is just the tip of the iceberg; the list 'of abuses and usurpations' goes on and on and on.....  People are sick of it and after decades, are finally doing something about it. Well....some are.   .
They quit cause horrible people- leadership management HR supervisors . It's not rocket science
Is it about illegal immigrants competing with US citizens?
3:56 when he says double he means that when the minimum wage was $7.50 an hour he pay than, then when the minimum which 15 bucks an hour now he pays that...
Jobs in America are to pickie on who they want to hire,and they also like people to believe they can’t fine employees so they can get help from the government so many jobs open but black Americans are unemployed Lies fake news!!!
Speaking to a clerk at the local store I shop at, she said it's not the job nor pay but customers have gotten more rude as to why she's quitting her job.
I live in Greenville South Carolina and temp agencies/staffing agencies here are a real pain.
I don’t understand why everything is going up people are unemployed around the world everything so damn expensive  The system is broke It’s not working no more It’s time for a change stop charging everybody for everything
Can we finally take capitalism off life support?  It’s not hard to see what the problem is
i make six figures while at home working 40 hours a week, i didn't quit. There's your reason why.
Vaccine mandate plays a big role as well. Many people lost their job or quit as a result of the mandate.
Any public for-profit company with over 500 employees should have to have a union. This crap about all these great jobs out there is just that - crap. The jobs are sub-par garbage that rely on the uneducated and desperate in society to perform them by people who are as disposable as they are powerless. I'm happy to work almost anywhere but low wages and benefits that cost me over half my check just so my kids can have the privilege of seeing a doctor is impossible to find. Like my buddy Jim always says, it ain't a benefit if you have to pay for it.
Supply and demand.  Isnt that the mantra?  When there are too many potential employees, employers pay nothing b/c they can always find someone else to do the job when you complain.  But when the tables are turned, they b**ch that people dont want to work for the same sh*tty wage.  Can't have it both ways.  Funny how the employers I know who pay well arent having too many issues attracting employees.
Biden mandate
Because the rich get richer and the poor get poorer no argument there. Even worse for someone with no education/skills, there is no way to go back to school unless you have a lot of $$$ Am going to school to make more money! since I barely make anything. But am stopped by money since I can't go to school without it. hence am stuck in a loophole and in a job I hate. After years of feeling this way and then pandemic hitting. Many people had enough time to say enough is enough and so the answer is Debt, School, better job is the goal or just focus on a better job. In general something that fits you! not because you got stuck on a loophole... the rent is 1300$ if your lucky in LA you'll mostly find 1700-2300$ apartments to rent tho not to mention all the food and devices/bills. and your making 20$? > . > there goes two weeks full time --> 80 hours you'll make 1600$ before tax. (CA tax is high) Most of the last generation has to live with their parents just so everyone can survive. And schools sure there are many wonder teachers that give amazing classes for FREE ! out of their time and money I just wish there was a better system that can lead people who need and want to better themselves but need help & not just $$ but a pathway build together with a teacher/career builder and following that up.
Average out of touch media outlet
Workers realized that their employers had zero concern for them and no loyalty them.  So, they are returning the favor by saying see ya!
I work for a printing company forcing manditory overtime indefinitely 48-60 hr week. This is what happens when corporate thinks they "OWN" you. We are nothing but worker ants to them. Lucky for me I have no wife or kids to support so I'm going part-time.
The same thing is happening In the UK people are realising there is more to life than the 9 to 5 plus brexit has kicked out cheap labour and no one wants the jobs pay up the wages and the workers will return
Many are not working because the checks keep coming in the mail.
That's all bs...I applied at united airlines or maybe it was American airlines. I have over 12 years in travel customer service. The airlines sent me  "unfortunately" and "due to high applications" letters. The airlines wanted to pay $12hr for the customer service position 🙄
There's more to life than work.
Awesome!!! Taking back your power 🙌🏼
My question: Many people out there searching for a job yet due lack of history in employment due raising kids, injury, able to live off a single income, have a criminal charge, etc. Why are they rejected due to these terms when they qualify for the job?
Up the workers!
Toxic environment,  lack of respect and racism made me walked out of my last job in 2016 when this dude took over America. It is insane. Why work for no life and lot of stress? 6 yrs later I turned down lot of jobs. As a boomer I am out why working for a country that disrespected workers like garbage. While CEO's live like kings. TOXIC WORK PLACE ENVIRONMENT.
I know why people are not coming back to work in New York City because of the vaccine mandate.
Why would a social media website have a "Chief Economist," that's not real. Why would a company purporting to do reporting listen to that person?
40 years of de-regulation, tax loopholes left and right, courtesy of lobbyists. Record breaking profits year and after year. CEO and higher execs now making hundreds of times what they used to make in the 70s and 80s. Yet every company has either kept the salaries and benefits either the same or has reduced them significantly every decade. Middle class only in name. Most ppl living paycheck to paycheck or doing side jobs to make ends meet. Meanwhile they reduce benefits, cut corners,  even outsourcing jobs outside of America to squeeze every penny to report as maximun profit as possible. Yet always claiming they cannot afford more. Now all of the sudden when ppl refuse to work, turns out they CAN pay twice or 3x what they are used to. Turns out THEY CAN provide beter benefits for hard working Americans. Wow what a miracle! They can now and have ALWAYS afford to do so. But in the modern era where many of the regulation entities are in bed with these private corporations they get away with everything. I am glad to see that they are being forced to treat hard working American employees right.
Bahahaha, people r moving from CA, Chicago, NY…. Who runs those Cities?  DEMOCRATS.  Where all those people moving to?  Thats right.  Florida, Texas where Republicans runs the city.
My whole team was laid off June of 2020 due to Covid.  That same company now has over two dozen open jobs available.  The employers that mistreated it's employees and the fields that leave it's employees most exposed to the pandemic are the ones that are suffering.
this makes me sick.. all this opportunity and they whole "I don't want to work at an office" anymore is a joke. I live in a third world country and people here would give their left arm for a steady paycheck. If this isn't a first world problem, I don't know what is. Count your blessings, stop being so entitled.
Why??! LOLOLOL
I make in average 140k+ and I’m about to quit my job in commiefornia. Y’all should have just elected Larry Elder California! Boss treats me like crud. It’s a blue state problem…we’re tired of being treated like slaves.
Nobody wants that dirty vaccine!!
It’s cause we don’t want the shot!!!
Over work little pay and not flexible houres not cool so what’s the point in working if you can’t survive off of what they paying you
We’re poor and tired… why is this so hard to understand?
It is the employer's problem at the end of the day. Supply and demand. The complainers in this biased 'documentary' wouldn't have a problem finding employees if they offered more money. It's like complaining no one is selling their Tesla share to you on the stock when you're only offering $9 for it. Pay up or shut up.
Gotta work 60 hours just to pay my rent
the problem is the payment :D
Ironically I live in an area where nobody are quitting the few jobs available and competition for open positions  is fierce. It's made an environment where employers feel no obligation to provide better for their workers because they know they don't have to. If I could afford to move I would.
So many were not working before stimulus & unemployment. That is a fact. There is a HUGE problem with wages, insurance and respect.
Quit our Jobs! I thought Biden said unemployment was at an all time low! 🤣
No its the ones that ARE looking for work BUT THE GOV WONT CHANGE THE OUTDATED SYSTEM many many people have a record from 10 to 15 plus years ago nothing that far back should stop our present jobs opportunities and those are the workers who actually WANT TO WORK and what does this new status tell me? I'm right this is how ,all these people w no record are the ones sitting back collecting the unemployment now while the unemployed people w a record are the ones putting in 15 apps a day to go to work,this is what needs to be fixed !And the senseless no pay raises are laughable let's talk about these REAL PROBLEMS U WANT TO TALK!Problem solved !! 😌BUT NO YALL WANT TO MAKE AMERICAN WOMEN ESP LOOK LAZY AND THATS JUST NOT THE CASE SIRRRR
May God protect us from limitless greed of capitalism both from workers and owners
the virtual model for office jobs is actually extremely smart from a cost of business standpoint. no longer are business required to lease office space or pay utilities (up to and including internet). The equipment cost is still there, the cost of covering a portion of employee benefits is still there, yes, but that cost is still much less still than the other overhead costs of brick & mortar offices.  with that, employers can afford to pay even frontline employees much more. this should've been a thing decades ago but no one realized it until 2020. as for consumer-facing jobs, honestly....i think employees in say retail or food service shouldn't be forced to placate the "self-entitled" out there.
Sister your 4 jobs basically equal to Slavery.
Also stop drug testing for cannabis use?
The only two things employers, managers are not willing to do in order to keep workers is pay a living wage and show the workers respect.
Why? Biden, that's why.  With lucrative unemployment, SNAP values that can accumulate to over $1,000 in credits and with a distrust of Biden overall, why is this even a mystery? Add to that the frustration of Bidenflation and you get your answer.
The funny part is the older generation is so brainwashed that they're still looking down on people who decided to leave their position in order to find and pursue their happiness. They're so used to being molded into miserable worker drones that they can't stand others want to go a different route because they didn't. Life is too short to be obsessed with pleasing your boss and working absurd hours, when I look back on my life I want to have actual memories I cherish, not regrets of what could of been because I was stuck at work.
Maybe cause they don't wanna be forced to vaxxed
Employees understand their power. Finally! They want more. They want to live. They want to be paid enough to live and not struggle. We work to live NOT live to work!
If their hiring so much why don't all 107million unemployed have a job.  The answer is they are drawing you in to select the very few they want with perfect work records and desperation to keep a job no matter what the employer does
When the pendulum of power swings back in favor of the employer, employees could be in for a shock. How many employers want to pay these new higher salaries, plus benefits to American employees who will not show up in person? The employers will, as they always have, write the rules in their favor and push harder to hire foreign workers at much lower salaries.
Families and children NEED to be with each other. The family unit is crumbling with parents absent trying to make ends meet. I think this is a BLESSING for our country. Its beyond time for people to reassess their living and purpose. The rat race isnt all its cracked up to be.
I made a bunch of money from bitcoin. Now I don't HAVE to work.  I found a way to make money without working. Some stupid  schmuck farmer is steady working hard to grow food when he could just make free bitcoin money or robinhood investment money.  America is awesome. Those who embrace new tech and stop doing jobs that help society will outperform working non educated ones. Sorry it's that way. Welcome to merca
Workers of the world, unite!
where are these jobs are located in America?. It is very hard to get even interview and relatively very common associate position
Employees are now in the drivers seat of a bus that is headed over the cliff with employer the only one with a golden parachute. The difference is today more employees have heard the cries of their predecessors falls and have decided to jump off the suicide bus being driven by narcissistic CEOs like Ahab did of the Pequad.
Most large companies want experienced and trained employees.  They should be considering offering training to thos without the skills and thus gain loyalty from new employees.  Training, education, are keys to success.  Oh yea, nepotism helps too.
I retired because I got tired of being mistreated.
How about you interview people who quit their jobs. This is part of the problem, no respect for the employee’s opinion
Awesome generation!
Better pay???  If you can call $12-$16 better pay.  I don't know what country you are talking about, you live in a bubble
Also what about giving workers some benefits, I don’t know like health insurance!
Increase wages and benefits. We can't afford it as a nation? Time for a huge economic correction.
Alot of people in America are burnt out from working the long hours.  The pressure upper management up on the employees.  There's no loyalty anymore you're just a number. The pay isn't worth the mental and physical stress that comes with alot of the jobs. Some of these customers don't respect the workers who provide service. The whole respect factor is fading fast.
Remember hearing, "you're lucky to have a job"?   Well, maybe the saying all along should have been "you're lucky to have employees".  It's a shame that it took a pandemic for people to learn their worth, value and respect we deserve.
Retails and constructions are not easy jobs.  Very physical and even emotional stress jobs.  If one career is in these two sectors, one would definitely want to find a better career and improve one lifestyle.  That make senses, more for ppl who are young and has a spouse for income.
People won't work 3 jobs for below poverty lifestyle anymore!
Employers still have the attitude "if you don't do _________, we'll hire someone who will"
I love that this is happening!
Increase wages,  now you as consumer Im assuming will BE MORE THAN HAPPY TO PAY HIGHER PRICES FOR GOODS & SERVICES.
Remember it was just yesterday when people quickly put down places like Florida. The east coast,  Texas. People who were chasing the big city life and big money only to later find themselves near broke, burnt out stressed out and sold out.  Now these very same people that snubbed such states are the very same people packing their bags and relocating to in exodus levels.   how ironic.  But the beauty in all this is that theirs a lesson to be learned.  Dont cater to being a snob,  cause what you snub today may be your lifeline tomorrow,  the best place to live are those places that puts the interests of its residents and their life styles first and not that of business and corporations ambitions.   That you should never sell yourself and your needs out for the sake of your job and its clients.  cause at the end of the day  your working to support you, not them.  their should be fairness between the job and employee, work and compensation.  And much of that today id beyond broken its shredded into pieces.  Your job is your work, but it should never be your life as your work is suppose to support your life, not the other way around.  And always know.. a job more often has no loyalty to its employees though it demands such ,  just as soon as a job can find a better solution than you, then rest assured you on a slippery slope,  between your needs and their ambitions.
Could this be big government's plan, enabling citizens to rely on them?
Notice one thing in common with all of these jobs? They are low paying jobs that offer very little incentives and opportunity to be productive in life.  The crisis is for companies, people do not want to work for low pay anymore
How many thousands of people at the southern boarder who would rush to have those jobs Americans aren’t taking -- yet so much effort to keep them out and away from “American jobs.” How does this make sense?
The problem in United States is connected mainly to 4-5-6 decades where the politicians didn't do anything related to improving work conditions in the US. I am talking about mandatory 20-21 paid vacation days per year, maternity leave, risk of being fired in a blink of an eye for any reason at any time - based on a law that is ironically called Right To Work - Jeeezzzz, and continuing with health insurance problems, a nation that is tired and exhausted, that has stress and anxiety that goes towards mental health issues.  On top of that - compared to other developed countries - US has a serious lack of legislation related to how the interaction works between the US Government / Labor Department and the actual companies. In Europe countries have a government agency called "Territorial / Local Labor Inspection" that can audit the respective work relationship between the companies and their employees, related to abuse, to hours worked, law being applied, people being fired for no reason and so on. In America if a company is abusing an employee - the only solution is to sue the company, but with $300 / hour attorney costs it's technically impossible to find your justice. And most companies will be careful to not fire you for being black, white, or any other type of discrimination - I mean they are not stupid either.  Now, when CoVID came along, other nations used the Territorial / Local Labor Inspection Agency as a middle man between the Labor Department and the actual employees, and paid the respective covid incentives / money to survive during pandemic from the Government through the Territorial Labor Inspection. Here is how it works: Territorial Labor Inspection already had an overview of the number of employees working with each company, and when companies had to shut down due to COVID-19, the government money were now flowing down from the US Department to the companies and then to the respective employees. As such, when companies restarted work they called back their employees and the employees couldn't say no. They either come back to work and get paid hourly wages and salaries or refuse to come to work but lost their unemployment covid benefits. Also this process maid sure the money went only to the people that needed the government incentives, where in the US everyone got paid a huge amount of money - even if they needed it or not. Now these are the people that saved the money and now are refusing to come back to work... It's a bumerang effect after decades and decades of political environment that didn't care for people being abused at work and fired with no reason, when the only thing that mattered were profits and money. Now it's payback time... Or at least that is what American people are doing, as a mass without being organized. And that makes it so much more difficult to counter attack and find solutions.   Please review these details and discuss with people at your level for solutions. Please involve politicians as well as they are the key to create legislation and laws.
I’m a manager for Kroger the top! grocer in the US literally and we are super understaffed y’all  wouldn’t believe it but we pay our associates $10 an hour who in there right mind wants to work for that!!!  companies gotta step up the pay and the employee appreciation
How about these employers try giving out free training to potential employers who don't meet certain requirements, hmmm? Not everyone can afford technical college or trade schools ya know.
So much more was missed from this report. They should have spoken with more former employees. Super cool that the construction guy had their revenue double… I’m doubtful that also happened to the employees’ salaries.
The vast majority of employees in the US are at-will and are too often treated as disposable with depraved indifference from customers, supervisors, managers, HR, etc. Even coworkers are pitted against each other to compete for slightly better conditions (specific duties, hours, shifts, etc) There's an old saying "Competition brings out they best in products and the worst in people."
Read the job description before quitting. 180 days before insurance begins
This is delusional non sense and they have a massive platform spilling out all the wrong answers
We are done paying the ILLEGAL taxes.  We are done paying the politicians 6+ figure salaries.  DONE WITH ALL THE🐮💩.  DONE.  Power to the people.
I literally just quit 10 mins ago :(
People quitting Healthcare sector is concerning.
Mandates could not possibly have any bearing, so Let's Go Brandon and see where it all ends.
This is how our society will change... People are leaving low income dead jobs.  long standing companies will be forced to redesign their platforms.
Time for full automation because there's no way these companies will choose to pay a reasonable wage and give more benefits. Greed is the problem here.
at 4:00 smug peace of crap is like we 2x our revenue last year, and we have a worker problem. did you 2x worker pay last year? if not you might have a management problem.
Here is your solution. Employers have zero respect (pay) and (longevity). Education is a joke debt, I know masters degrees with no work in their sectors. Inflation is not adjusted plus the raise to keep them in the work places. No laws to protect the employees means no employees. Laws are built to protect the companies and that bubble burst. Enjoy your consequences.
Don't believe anything the fuckers are telling you. It's 100% propaganda designed to engineer your thoughts and behavior.
Working at home has its downside because "flexible hours" is a double-edged sword, some argue.  Being able to work any day anytime as opposed to having structured 9-5 working hours could cause your work life to encroach your personal life.  See the PBS video "how remote work ruined my mental health."
When you work 40+ hours a week and still can't afford to pay rent, all the while rich corporations are being handed billions there is something wrong with the system.
Strange they interviewed business owners and not employees. Once again, only the employers theories are represented. Pure propaganda.
Millennial puke: I have no skills or experience, but I deserve enough to buy a house, a new car, and get great insurance, salary, and three weeks vacation. Oh and I’m only 18.  But it’s capitalism’s fault. 🙄
Maybe you have to be vaccinated and they don't want to be. Becoming retirees, online merchandisers, podcast people, working for themselves so a boss can't fire you.  They see businesses fire their employees and who would want to apply to those businesses? if you may get fired why work there
I know some people in Mexico that will work, but someone built a big wall and they can't get here.
It's MY choice. I deserve to have my dream job.
Interesting how only minorities are asked the Great Depression question!
Reliable pay gets Reliable workers.
When an employer demands a flexible, open schedule with no other engagements and only pays min wage (and expects you to do it with unrealistic enthusiasm), I'm not sure what they expect. There's also a tendency to only hire part time to avoid offering benefits to employees. No thanks ✌
Stop paying low wages!!!
If you wore to track basic federal minimum wage to the S&P500 for inflation from 1990 till today it would be over 50$ people are so dam tired of working for 20% of what people made 30 years ago.
The fact that y'all believe everyone is trying to live off the government is offensive... people are tire of making billionaires, and still need food stamps to live.
Socialism is finally winning.
Laziness.  Feeling you deserve $15 or more to flip burgers.  Imagine being 18, having no work experience, and walking into McDonalds saying hey, pay me $31,000 a year to get orders wrong.
They are looking for jobs ..just not your slavery jobs...inflation increasing takes away from disposable income and people have no money for tips...therefore server jobs are very abundant....many are leaving fast food jobs... these owners run these places like Chineese sweatshops..up to 10 hr days with no breaks...
People complaining about work have completely lost the plot.  “ after thousands of years of intense struggle, 21st century America’s when the getting got to tough” - YouTube for iPhone spoiled idiot
Siad all that without mentioning how hard it is to deal with the public during a pandemic
I love sleeping in and not dealing with others for hours
Funny how they didn’t mention the people that lost their jobs due to refusing the jab lol
I found crypto currencies
Boomers retired and that's a huge gap to fill. But also most of us want higher wages to combat higher prices.  But it doesn't matter if we get paid more, everyone will just charge more. Inflation just decreases the value of the dollar
people literally stopped working within 30 days of this administration taking office... why? Many of their polices incentivize people not to work among many other contributing factors.
I wonder why people are leaving states with high income tax to states with no tax. Hmmmmm its a mystery
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO SURVIVE ALONE IN THIS COUNTRY UNLESS YOU MAKE 75K+ A YEAR...even if pay doesnt change drastically, the cost of living in America is INSANE and makes it so hard unless you secure a great job. I'm sure some will reply saying I'm wrong, which is fine. But average rent in my county is $1K+ not including utilities. Then you have daily expenses. Groceries, gas. Other Bills. It's just hard, we need help in cheaper living or something man.
I love the representation in this video! ✊🏾
Nonsense, without the bailouts, the extended unemployment, free government checks, this wouldn't be happening. Gen Z's need to get their faces out of their smartphone screens and the computer games. You folks don't have any idea what tough is. This is truly the lost generation. Lost their respect for work, and self respect.  Wa Wa, I want to work from home...BS This 60 minute piece it's pure crap.
I've been able to teach myself one thing right through developing into adulthood, right out of High School. I've realized, no matter how big or small the job, if I'm doing something that can help make the world go around even in the SLIGHTEST, I will always be content with my life and move on. To me having a job was always the status quo, even if you get paid minimum wage just working gives you purpose.     Somebody's gotta process, package, load, unload, process, package, label AND, deliver those Amazon packages to your door. Working at Amazon for the past year at nineteen full-time overnight knowing that the peoples work is being done, is pretty good. Some days I hate it, but as much of a pain it is, it's honest work.
Lazy ones that live from benefits or "" from the workers money "" won't be able to say that they can't find a job now  !!!   HAHHA
You need to make a video on the employers not on the employee they are the problem not us management is the problem
There wasn't a whole lot of money doled out with the "stimulus" program. (That ran out a long time ago.)  There are a LOT more homeless people.  There are a LOT of COVID deaths. There are MILLIONS of COVID related long haul symptoms. People have been forced to find other ways to make money. People have been forced to change their lifestyles. Boomers are retiring en masse.
Because nobody wants that stupid shot.
Covid mandates
The places they’re moving from also require vaccination to work. Florida is the place to go
Repeat after me: Institutions don't love you back
Friendly Reminder that the last time minimum wage was increased was in July 2009. People are quitting in record numbers because people are sick of those who think they're entitled, low pay, and how they're treated at work.
I’m glad this is happening. We need a labor revolution in this country. We settle for peanuts compared to other countries. We don’t even have mandatory family or sick leave. And why should people spend hours in traffic everyday if they can get all of their work done remotely? This is one way we can stop polluting the air unnecessarily is letting people work from home when possible and it also helps cut down on horrible traffic congestion. Being in a car for hours a day is so stressful and tiring. It’s so nice being able to just wake up minutes before you start work, turn on your laptop, make some tea, and get to work. It’s amazing!!! Workers are happier and we save money on gas, and ware and tear on our vehicles. Win win!
I quit my old job of twenty years and got a new one 2 minutes away (rather than 45 minutes away) making only $1.00 less and five weeks off a year and time and a half on holidays. That was a year ago and they still haven't been able to replace my position lol
Because it doesn't matter if the wage goes up if your only hiring part time hrs
Eager to hire but refuse to pay living wages.  Greedy companies and corporations.
Workers are in the driver’s seat is true.  My former boss was paying me $16/hr last year, now he wants me for $25.  But I still said no.  I’m happy where I work right now.
We're going to bring corporate America to it's knees 🙂
How would Fox News flip this story LOL .. I think we all know
We have created a spoiled population with a dependent mentality and ask what is going on, funny!
Fawk these raggedy businesses and corporations. You treat people like c rap and then wonder why no one wants to work for you. Unbelievable
so....were just going to completely ignore the workers strikes and modern pushes for unionization?
People are willing to work. Fact. But people are sick of being treated like dirt and not being valued. Working from home people realized that commuting to a job and working with toxic people was unnecessary. The big lie is accusing people of being lazy.   They are not - They want a better life. Social media shows a good life... but in reality, they are hating their life... and being treated like dirt. People are sick of working hard...getting paid little and being treated as if they are nothing. Treat people better - pay them better -value people more.
There are millions of people looking for jobs-and they want to work. They are called IMMIGRANTS-legal or otherwise.
Prepare us for  AI.
If people are not working, what are they living on?  Let's cut some of these government entitlements and see how many people go back to work.  Maybe that won't fix all of the problem but surely that will fix some of it.   To me we are doing much more enabling these days.  What we need to do it teach people to fish, and stop handing them all over with no strings attached.  People will have so much more self worth if they get the fish themselves.
It's also due that people are realizing that companies only cares about the money not their own employees. Before when customers act rude or dangerous, something was done about it. Now, they want employee to appreciate the rudeness and sometimes physical against customers?? For 8 dollars an hour...it's not worth it. They need to stop going by "the custmore  is always right" or "whatever they the custmore their in the right to do so"
People are feedup with long hours, big egos management team, no sick time pay, rude customers in retailing, and just totally disrespect from big Corporations….. Doing the lock down peoples enjoyed staying at home getting to spend time with their family…..
The service industry was very hard to work in during the pandemic. I've never been harassed so much before, and some people's attitudes towards those serving them made it so no pay was worth being there...
Honestly people are just offended we're coming on two years with the pandemic and there's still no end in sight! We the people have no real relief. We the people, the everyday Americans that are turning the wheel, want actual change not what's going on in the White House and not what happened with Trump. We want actual help when we need it, respect and dignity along the way. Democrats don't own the working class (Trump knows this)! What's more, Republicans don't have a hope of gaining them as voters if they don't respect them as equals. E pluribus unum.
Because we don’t want a forced injected poison and self suffocation. It’s not rocket science.
CORPORATE AMERICA....will no longer Micro manage people and and disrespect employees with their poor , inhumane working conditions and not honoring or respect for pregnant working women And respect for families / employees for Time off even for on the job injuries. EMPLOYEE .....DOES 🚫 NOT MEAN SLAVERY CORPORATE AMERICA.....WE THE PEOPLE WILL NOT FULLFIL YOUR DESIRES IF GREED, ANGER AND STUPIDITY AT OUR EXPENSE TO FILL YOUR POCKETS AND BANK ACCOUNTS WHILE NEGLECTING OUR FAMILIES BABYLON ......YOU  (WILL ) AND YOU BAB YLON.......( ARE ).....F A L L I N G !!!!! BYE 👋 BYE👋......BABYLON!!!!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥..... YOU ALONE HAVE DESTROYED YOURSELF BY YOU OWN ......GREED!!!!!!!!!
When the government has to support massive amounts of the workforce to get them to a "living wage", so private companies can profit through the roof rather than pay workers, the system is broken.
It seems like people forgot that capitalism extends to the job market.
This isn't a worker problem, this is a work problem, most people arent quitting good well paid positions, they're quitting because of being overworked and under paid, you interviewed mainly bosses not employees skewing the interview shame on you.
Iv been on probation before judgment, an they keep telling me I can’t pass a background, got in trouble once in my life for years ago, still can’t get a job, the system is against you so hard
Because ppl are tired of others reaping the fruits of they're labor ....I hope more ppl quit and we as Americans come together in this and shut these evil companies doors for good
Because of gov tyranny!
Why? Because the money keeps rolling in. We need trump. From a former Democrat
The U. S. Government are doing just what they want to happen, they overrate the Virus to make it sound 100 times what it really is, or is it something the GOVERNMENT started to thin the world's population, which leads to everything happening at this moment. They want everything to crash, & as it does, that gives the Government ability to take Business Properties & many of people's assets. Same as people quitting, the Government will benefit, from many of those people, they get behind on rent, the rental people lose money, they fold on their property, the Government takes, that part. Then you have a lot of general helper jobs, people can actually do, and Employers demand too much, High School Education, Diploma on Hand, give the person a shot at the job, who knows what they can actually do and preform. Then you have the Point System, I have seen too many very good valuable workers many be terminated, for a simple point 5 minutes late, forget to clock in, forget safety glasses, bad things happen to everyone at times, so it's actually funny now to see some business starting to crash, from their ability, not to work and keep the good employees, that fell into some bad times. All I can say and see it the Government is doing exactly what they want to happen, they want, your car, they want, your land, they want your savings, they want your 401k, they want your stock account, they want you"DEAD"before you get a chance for retirement. If the COVID is for real and not overrated, it's the Governments Plan, the World Government started it as a Bio-Warfare experiment on humans, they know how far they can go with it, and they know when they can stop it. Look at all the Money they are saving, the Stimulus Checks sent out more the less came from, the DEADS RETIREMENT AND OTHER FORMS. One day the truth will come out, this was the World's Government's Attack on the world ! Sure the Government could easily spike a nuclear war, to thin the populations, but they are afraid, it would take them or much of their valuable possessions of the world away. May that's what the world really needs a Nuclear War to happen, and take our chances at least the World's Government's would get their paybacks from all this "GREEDY CHAOS"they started. Who knows the so-called season Flu shots, may actually be the VIRUSES, because the GOVERNMENT  sure do push for folks to take the FLU SHOTS, and it's really strange, the Omicron Variant, spiking during FLU SEASON, these Vaccines, looks as if it actually may be the GOVERNMENTS VIRUS SPREADING Plans. Just like all the Nursing Home Deaths, that's where the first COVID test begin in the U.S., those folks were the first people to get the FLU shots, yet they should have been the safest spots in the world, from getting the FLU at least in the U.S. yet the U.S. Government use them as  Guinea Pigs and Mice, to and are doing it this very moment, and will again and again, until they have control of everyone.
Companies don't care about work life balance anymore and they don't want to pay you for your time and what you are worth.
Everyone thinks today that they can start at the top and get a $100K salary, so they can have a BMW, Mercedes or Escalade………. AND have a four week vacation.   I started at less than $3.00 an hour plus tips, my first job. Actually, the best & most fun job I’ve had, in the hospitality industry. That was in 1987.   I understand people quitting their job, if they are in a toxic work environment. I did. I’ve been self employed for 8 years. 6 - 7 days a week, work weekends and holidays.   I’m 52. Time to close up shop and go live life with a reasonable monthly budget.
The problem is the ridicules way that they gave all that money away especially the 600$ extra for unemployment this gave everyone a free pass to stay home and not look for work while at the same time looked for new ways to earn money , have you not noticed all the people making money for doing the stupidest things on web, stupid decisions result in stupid consequences....and I was always told you can't make money doing stupid things or by making an idiot of yourself boy were the wrong..😳
Whatever.
respect your employees. thats it,
What a great time to enforce a mandate. Let's go Brandon!
People are tired of working sh*t jobs, serving those more privileged, and being told they don’t even deserve $15/hr. Our minimum wage in SC is $7.25/hr.
I am a nurse. I became pregnant in summer of 2020. Even with my pregnancy, I still kept my full time job as a nurse until I was 8 months pregnant,  my doctor told me to stop working due to fatigue. So I stayed home and my employer did not give me maternity leave pay. I had a c-section birth, applied for unemployment benefits but was denied. My employer called me to return to work 6 weeks after birth or else I will be terminated. Luckily my husband still had his job. But we was struggling to make ends meet without my income. I decided to stay home take an online class for a Remote job and now I am working from home. Never will I return on-site. Workers ain't treated fairly.
Employees are burned out. Tired of working 40 plus hours a week. People are taking their lives back. Back in the day there used to be a lot more opportunities to work part-time. That's been taken away. People want more flexibility.
Speak with your feet ...
God save the working women! Thank you
There are new medications required for work, only about 60% of Americans have taken the meds. The math is not complicated. Do just the minumum amount of journalism and this would clearly show as a top 3 cause for the low workforce participation.
The American workers have gone 50 years without Union representation. We have arrived at the bottom.
They paying attention now ...
Folks are tired of being economically enslaved, taxed, and overworked.  Employers are offering the same old non-living wages in an environment where pricing on consumer goods has been steadily going through the roof with no pause in sight. People are looking for level playing fields.
Maslow T where are thee, as we look to truth. Be wise, for lies are told when stuff rules... Be thy inspiration. At home workforce nation. Rich is your perspective. We're all more reflective.  A better us inside leads to taking more work pride. So, here's to 22' and to injustice a huge F*** Y**. Great health to all.
The US govt now are failing American people!!!  Threatening, manipulating, segregation, torturing us!! So why would you not quit if your own govt doesnt support you in this areas!!!!???
They won’t hire me, I have a misdemeanor 🤣🤣🤣🤷🏾‍♀️
To those who can construction jobs are the way to go!
I got laid off in November, jobs moved to Guadalajara Mexico.  I didn’t intend to be a part of the “great resign” but here I am.  Looking for a job that is the same pay or more than the one I lost.  Yes, many jobs out there, none that I am willing to take right now, the pay is too damn low.  I’m not going to be miserable and make less money.
When the government pays people not to work, this is the result
I love this episode thank you for posting
America is a country built off of slavery....America went from free labor to cheap labor.  glad to see things changing and people saying F U
So based on what we're seeing, it's multiple reasons for why people have quit and in certain sectors like the hospitality and restaurant industries for example. It sounds like automation is about to take over here and most of these simple task jobs will be done by a robot. That means for the people who want control over their lives, this is why just under 5 million people filed business entities so they can have control.
People are working for themselves, people don't want to work for a company and catching covid.
Yep me too
People are tired of being virtual slaves from 9-5, with no breaks, no benefits. No one can afford to get sick from a virus at work if they have  no health insurance,  no paid time off and you still can't afford rent.
Nobody is going to mention mandating employees take an injection as why theyd quit
Man said his revenue doubled. But did he double the pay of his workers?
r/antiwork can explain why this is happening
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq  Programmierer der Master K. I.                                                         .. .
Why is this segment not taking into account the fact that no one will hire the unvaccinated?
People that eat tide pods and put gorilla glue in their hair think they deserve no less than $15 an hour.
Those job's AREN'T worth DYING for when it DON'T even pay a LIVING WAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Vaccine mandates
How do people that quit afford to live?
I am from Greenville, SC and the “wage increases” are still not enough to match our price of living increases. I saw a sign for a housekeeping SUPERVISOR for $12/hr, which is better than the $9 they may have gotten 2 years ago, but not enough to pay for rent which is rising rapidly due to out of staters moving here and working from home. What’s the point?
I am grateful to now have a fully remote job.  That gives me back 12 and a half hours per week that I would be using to commute to and from my job.
Finally people are using capitalism to there benefit
10 years ago I begged a guy for a job at a grocery store and he refused to give it to me when I desperately needed it. 10 years later when I had a full time I went down there to one of there sisters stores and I saw the sign up that said now hiring and they were desperate for workers so  i said so y’all are needing workers huh and the manager said yeah you want a job and I said nope.
This is what happens when you indiscriminately send government checks to people with no regard for actual need.
The unemployed check benefits saved
Yet while all these employees that stayed during the hardest times ever never got any bonus thanks or anything while all these new hires got sign on bonus better hours better pay that’s the real messed up stuff
I was burnt out the day I started working (at 14) and never looked at work as fun, after all it is work.  I worked for the Post Office for 33 years until I retired.  I worked because no one would pay me while I didn't work.  If I wanted a new car, a motorcycle, or any other thing, I had to work for it.  In todays work market, people think entry level jobs should start at $15 an hour.  We baby boomers were raised to respect our elders, do unto others, and work was not an option.  With paid child care and extended unemployment insurance, there is no reason to work and today's generation chooses not to.
Robots  ain’t going to fix everything
I dont think its about money. We have 30 to 50 dollar an hour easy low voltage electrical construction jobs and nobody applies.
Those businesses offering better pay and benefits, are these the hospitality ?
We are tired of Corporate America’s BULL$HIT!
Everyone wants to be the boss ceo now make more money
Maybe you shouldn't fire people that don't want to take a shot!!!! Come on people! Let's get wise to this stupid game they're trying to play with us!
fake news media
If only there were millions of desperate people willing to work for low wages crossing our borders and streaming into the country each year....
the american mind set is backwards towards what a job is they think they must look rich and fancy they buy what they can not afford to look rich  i have worked minimum wage all my life and i respect what i do have more than what wish i had  the one thing i am proud to own is a $1000 ebike any thing is posable even with minimum wage job
If the USA cut the military bill by 200 billion actually invested in the people in USA we would truly be number one country in the world
TOTAL BS! Pay More $$$
I'm retired now but I was burnt out by 45 were workers in the EU and UK have better rights the US have not they are still 20 to 30 years behind you are born to live not born to work 4 jobs just to survive
All these CEOs saying it's a worker problem are so discounted from reality. If you don't pay a livable wage why would I even waste my time with you.
Gotta love the spin 60 minutes put on this. It's a "worker problem" that's whats going on here.....  No, its an employer problem! Over the last 50 years, employers have waged a litleral war against labor. Workers have been humiliated by employers moving jobs overseas, cutting benefits and pay, toxic workplaces,  and knowingly pitting American labor against Chinese,  Mexican,  and Vietnamese labor etc. Not to mention operating their business like a Totalitarian government.   I'm actually proud of the American worker for finally realizing we have all the power and always have. But beware,  evertime we start to realize our own self worth and self interest,  the establishment will turn to the good ol "red scare" tactic as a final act of desperation. It's their hail mary play.
MORE WOMEN THAN MEN.  Sounds like they figured it out... it's best to take care of your own children, instead of paying daycare.
At 4 min the employer spells it out, he has twice as much work but can’t find employees, betcha as his business doubles in size every year he still tries to give his employees a dollar raise every year instead of paying his employees accordingly and now you can’t find workers that wanna work for barely enough to survive while the owner buys his 5th vacation home
Gaslighting leftist 60 Minutes gets it wrong again.
We doubled our revenue...so bump the employees salaries not double but something
As a truck driver, us drivers should get together and say shove it, and quit driving…then how are you people going to survive?  Without trucks, america stops
Beware people: Robots with artificial intelligence technology will replace us & our jobs.
This is a hit piece to convince you the workforce is not sitting home collecting & watching tv.    Slugs are home on their arse abusing the tax payer.
force vaccinations is one way to get ppl to quit...
It obviously wasn’t just the pandemic. Workers are plain tired of working lots of hours and at the end of the week or month they have nothing to show for it except a tired body and zero future. Just look at the benefits that were once standard in the workplace like Pensions. They’re gone but the Executives are hauling out the Cash with a wheelbarrow and the Stock Market is flying High.
Usually a war would scare the masses into work again but the internet has seen to that, by quickly debunking any propoganda/fake news. The Covid scare worked as a temporary measure but lets see what the next one the governments will use. I say it will be AI. Women hitting the wall and throwing out the feminist manifesto also contributed. But now men are seeing the benefits of a more leisurely life also. The climate crisis fits in nicely with the rise in remote jobs to!
Got out of retail Pharmacy, for remote Pharmacy call work.. I will never ever go back.
Is the lack of common courtesy of the retail customer/consumer a factor?
This conversation is in the abstract at best.  Unless independently wealthy, you're either working, living on credit or mooching.  "Stimmie" checks and enhanced unemployment be damned, once the eviction moratorium expires it's going to be laughable.
Interesting how gig economy jobs weren't mentioned in this segment. Personally as someone with years of food service experience, I didn't go back because a few hours with doordash in my little car is way more profitable than all of the kitchen management jobs I've had. For the first time in my life, I'm able to have a quality of life because with gig work, I'm in control of my own time and I can get paid the same day I work. 😊
Just makes you leave your voting habits in that big city. Your voting choices are what created places you are leaving.
People are moving to red states. Is this good for Republicans or Democrats? Are we diluting the conservative base or strengthening it?
Not like this in Russia, LOL
Folks are tired of working just to pay bills & have nothing left for savings or leisure it's crazy!
They are quitting because those jobs suck.
This Is Not Entirely True. I Left My Place Of Employment Due To Company Selling. Sold To Big Corp. Things Began To Change, And Not For The Good. I Had Employee Stock, So I Took The Money And Ran ! I've Taken A Year Off Just To Relax And Do Things Around The House. I've Decided I'm Ready To Go Do Something, And Can't Find Anything. I Spent 30 Years In The HVAC Field , And 10 In The Maintenance Field. Yes I Am Older, But Still Have A Lot To Offer. I've Been Sending Out Resumes' Daily ! Oh Well !
IF THE POLITICAN AND PEOPLE IN CONGRESS LEFT THEIR JOBS.....THAT WOULD BE GREAT..ANY NEWS ON THAT ????? ANYBODY AT THE WHITE HOUSE QUITTING
There are not enough people of color in this video. Far too many whites than blacks here. Why can’t they do better at reflecting the percentage of POC in America? I mean, c’mon ppl
Raised wages doesn't matter when prices are so high they equal out
Today’s market is am Employee Demand Market. Those in the younger generations who are choosing not to work for their livelihood and benefits are missing out on the best chances for greater opportunities! Tell the Employer in the interview what you need in hours & pay, you may just get exactly what you want!
No one can live on wages which employers think are fair here in the Bay Area when housing is 1800-2200 1 bedroom.
Mandates
It is about time that the American worker gets treated  fairly . Enough of that "give me 110%", and the pound of flesh to keep your job.
Jobs with no security, No sick pay, no vacation pay, no retirement benefits, can be fired for no reason, insufficient pay to sustain a life, and you wonder why you can't hire staff????
When I was in high school in the 90's working at a place like Applebees or Baskin Robbins was standard for getting gas money and getting food with friends on the weekends. My question is what are the younger generation doing for cash if not doing jobs like that?
Add Covid mandates and some places don’t have healthcare insurance…
I am a journeyman carpenter. I was paid $25 an hour with full benefits starting in 1990. The wages offered went down, not up. Today carpenters generally earn $15 an hour no benefits. There is no way I would ever take a job today. I am done with wage labor. Capitalism is dying a slow death. The reason? Capitalism. Workers know when we are exploited.
Many are banking on the child tax credit advance. That ends in Jan 2022. and once they see the smaller tax returns ; due to this advance,. Combined with the hurdles to starting a business many will reenter the workforce.
I quit my job in automotive repair December 2020. Got Covid and boss refused to pay me for the time I was out. Even though it was government mandated. Told me how lucky I was to even have a job at the time. Zero benefits, zero vacation time. No raise in a decade. Meanwhile boss got a new truck every year or so. New boats. Buys children houses that he pays for etc. Meanwhile us, the people doing the work were struggling.  I started my own shop. I'll never work for anyone again. I make more money working less.  Meanwhile every single employee he had back then has since quit. He is his only employee. Last I heard shop property is under foreclosure, new truck got repossessed.  Always remember your worth. I wish it didn't take all this for me to realize mine.
Maybe they shouldn't have laid off all the workers over the age of 50 in the last decade.  I am a great worker an have high standards and an excellent resume but cannot get a call for an interview.  I have been relegated to call centers and I hate it.  If I have a chance to leave I am running like the wind!!!
People are tired of other people making money off the backs of them start being fair when an employer doesn't pay you enough to pay your rent there is a problem
Point of correction, Americans are not quitting their jobs, instead they're being fired because they didn't take the vaccine. After sometime your statistics will show us how jobless they're currently.
It's not just retail. Currently the IT industry wants the higher you 1099, W2 short term with no benefits at a ridiculous high salary. No job security.  You know like a hired Gunslinger.... LOL yeah right I'll pass
Only in america, other countries people are dying to have a job. Whay they didn’t address in this video was that since the pandemic their are thousands of people leaving out of unemployment still in these days that is one of the reasons they don’t want to go back to work. Why for you still get paid and being lazy . Disgusting!!
I wish they'd spent more time on how people are supporting themselves, given that Covid unemployment payments stopped 4 months ago.
Hahaha you clueless? The pay being offered isn't going up as fast as the dollar is losing its value. Also most people are quitting because of the horrible handling of our constitution.
I’m glad I chose to be an electrician. I really don’t need a job I can just work for myself.
People tired of working for less than what the job is worth
Moving. I never understood people who never move for better opportunity.
I was just reading over comments, it seems to me, BIG CORP ruined Amerika! ;)
I'm tired of sitting in a Box (an office) with people I don't really know or like for 8 hrs a day, then one day you get sick and die. It just ain't worth it anymore (period)
Let me just stop you right there... people are moving because when you live in a city where ARMED ROBBERY is decriminalized, your taxes aren't paying for what they're supposed to (like a mayor that actually does their job) and you've lost half your law enforcement (because... uh, "racism") you get out. The other issue? Keep sending people welfare that pays more than a job and I guarantee you nobody will want to work.
996 in America.
@60 Minutes please enable closed captions on your videos, even if it’s just auto-generated. Thank you!
People quit working because of the poor pay and zero benefits. Why go to a drudge job for crap pay and not be able to put gas in your car or have food on the shelves at home?  People figure they can just as well sit home for nothing rather than going to work for nothing.
RRF now!
It's the GOVERNMENT - not omicron. The GOVERNMENT is causing people to want to leave the job market.
Let's see. Why on earth would millions of poor Americans want to stop working for jobs that deliberately exploit their labor so the ultra rich can get EVEN RICHER (and don't forget - the billionaires are FAR, FAR, FAR richer now than they were 2 years ago)?  We already know that when you hire someone to do a job, you're paying them to do work you don't want to do yourself, and we already know the best way to better incentivize workers is to pay them more. And we also, also know that the minimum wage is a living wage designed to keep up with inflation, or supposed to be; Reagan messed that up.  Real simple solution here. You pay your workers a decent wage. You give them union benefits. You resurrect the middle class. All that money you're freeing up in the economy is now passed through multiple hands and that creates a booming economy (it's called "The Velocity of Money" - if I pay you $10, you then take that $10 and spend it on something, then that person does the same, that's $30 of value.)  And you billionaires would never miss the money. It'd be.....what, a few million dollars, if that? That'd be like one of us paying $1.10 verses $1.00 for a candy bar.
What a way to paint a positive picture of the coordinated destruction of our country.
Better pay? 🤣😂😂😂 Hiring bonuses? 😅😅😂😂🤣 *Laughs in Kapitalism* 😂😅😭
I got let go in 2020 due to covid and I don’t want to go back to the work force. I started my small online business and although I don’t make as much as I would working for someone else. I’m much happier. I don’t have to sit or follow orders for 8 hours, with small breaks in between. Being cooped inside a building and not enjoying the nice weather outside sucks. I don’t want someone else approval for a day off. This is my life and I’m taking control of it. If you’re reading this and want to get out. Do it! Save money, work on your business and be your own boss. Wishing you the best of luck!
How much did Worxbee pay for this commercial?? lmfao!!
5:21 why don’t they show Biden’s name on that check because they don’t like trump the left wing CBS
TBH, I’m tired of being college educated, 10+ year experience, 40+ hour work week for jobs that pay less than Amazon who has no experience needed for $15/hr.
Do they write the entire 60 Minutes episode before even conducting the interviews? Then they just feed them lines they want? It's so annoying I think.
I am not American but am happy for this, specially in a country where corporate and business wealth has never been greater, I mean a lot greater than in anytime in its history, adjusted for inflation to 2021 of course. For I was very surprised too, that American workers are not even entitled to holiday paid leave, yes some might get it, but that's totally up to the business they are working for, or not entitled to the many benefits that workers have in my western Europe, have had there their unions smashed or greatly weakened  over the decades resulting in poor workers rights, benefits, and pay etc, hope the above improves all that!
this isn't rocket science! the cost of living has almost doubled in some places in the US, while the people are barely getting a 15 minimum wage. The same apartment i used to have in Denver that was 600 for a two bedroom, is now 2800 a month.
I didn’t quit, I got fired. Over a medical decision nonetheless. And you can probably guess which one it was… On a separate note, if your flight has recently been canceled… I’m sorry? 🤷‍♂️
The title should say: "why numbers of employers aren't hiring enough staff"  The answer is that greed is winning.  As for the report, it's still being approached from the wealthy perspective and as a result is just as deluded as a child in Disneyland.
Because they mess around with our schedules expecting the employee to put up and just do it, trying to treat us like second graders.
What about the algorithm that discriminates against those 40 & older? Indeed & others have that filter in place. So those of us who are no longer young & pretty need not apply...
When you have National Healthcare everybody, then it will be one issue pay rate those who don't want pay will go out of Business. Stop, Stop Corporation from importing workers you don't have to build a Wall !!!!!
Hmmm I didn’t hear you mention vaccine mandates or requirements in this. Did I miss it?
WORKERS OF THE WORLD… UNITE
Stop giving them money. They will look for work.
Lazy people waiting for the gov to send another a check, ebt, edd.  Joke.
The pandemic didn't "shut the economy down" - politicians did.
Dumbest comment section I’ve seen in a while.
60 minutes you are part of the problem and this is spreading misinformation. Let me clear this up for you. Americans are walking out for two reasons. Vaccine and mask mandates and when finding another job doesn't work they are then moving to FREE STATES like where I am in Florida! Get on the ground and ask the right questions.
Don't worry corporate America.....JD just came out with tractors that don't need farmers...People are going to be obsolete before you know it....well, the elite will always have purpose....
The workforce has never been respected and the country will pay for that now. If we can't make what we deserve with our skills and work ethic, there's no reason to try that hard anymore for a dream that isn't attainable. Youtubers make stupid money but the people that actually work full time jobs get nothing these days.
The Answer: a 4 Day work week and no decrease in pay or benefits. You'll have more applicants than you want. The work like balance of 5 days on 2 days off SUCKS. Nobody Likes it because it's so unbalanced. A four day work week is perfect, you still work more than you play which is important but, you still feel free, rather than enslaved.
omg my degrees tell me people are leaving jobs that don't pay     LOL
Travelling city to city up until out of the borders wait and see
Because sleepy joe and the democrats will pay them NOT to work and stay home where they don’t have to pay rent!!  DUH !!!
this still does not explain why there is a labor shortage. People could switch jobs. But now we see the labor shortage everywhere.
great segment
Pay and family medical is great where I work ,but they are working their cdl a drivers to death 70 hours a week every week!
Because Americans have Chinese ,Canadians, indians for jobs 🥲
So what you are saying for the most part  is the lowest paid, high work load demand for the wage jobs, are having the biggest issues finding workers? The same industries that respect their employees the least on average. The ones that remind people they are replaceable. How replaceable are they now?  I get other industries are getting it too. But people are tired of making nothing while being required to have their life revolve around their job.
It's bad treatment and forced vaccination
I think it goes even deeper into the human consciousness. People were inadvertently forced to rethink about their lives in many aspects since the pandemic came. They were isolated, disconnected from their routines, alone with themselves. There was a lot of time to take stock of their lives and reevaluate priorities. The work they do, the relationships they have, the true fragility of life, what happiness really means to them, the meaning of fulfillment and what matters most, etc. It’s a lot of deep introspection. (Not for everyone, but many). Realizing that working in jobs that don’t value them are no longer tolerable. To put themselves at risk for the selfish benefit of others is no longer an after thought. It’s been a very front and center reality to suddenly realize how much of Life gets wasted on meaningless work. People see how life can change in a flash, and they’ve been living a life that is only on autopilot. They work and work and work for crumbs, go home exhausted and pay their bills and try to squeeze time in on weekends or off time for doing laundry and running errands, maybe plan something fun to do, then do it all over again and again and again and again every week. Like Groundhog Day. People are tired of working for pennies, and other people. They are tired of being treated like they are obligated to do it. A paycheck is valuable in practical terms, but people are starting to realize the unbalanced trade off, and for many the paycheck just isn’t worth it anymore. They are feeling things within themselves to pursue a different calling and to live more authentic and purpose intended lives, because life is precarious  and unpredictable, and it’s time to take care of the inner being. It’s truly a huge wake up of humanity happening, and it’s not about suddenly being ‘woke’ to something specific on topic, it’s not solely a collective Awakening but an inner Self Awakening of so many people to their deepest personal truths. They are waking up to the illusions they’ve been spoon fed throughout their lives, and taking responsibility for the wellbeing of that part of the Self that matters most. ✌🏾🙏🏾💕💫 p. s. As for the statement about workers having been supported and thereby dependent on the cushioned ‘benefits ‘ being the reason people don’t want to go back to work....I never qualified for any unemployment. The stimulus payments helped pay standard bills for one month. I haven’t received ANY help from the government, and I’m not being cushioned or enabled by  anyone, as so many unemployed are being perceived. I moved out of my apartment because I was unable to renew my lease since I had no unemployment to rely on. Rent is expensive in Colorado. I’ve moved into a borrowed 22’ R.V. and I’m living just fine. I have learned a lot about mySelf and what I really need. So no, it’s not about people just getting lazy and not wanting to work because they’re somehow getting over. Some are doing that no doubt because it’s an opportunity they see, but there is something more profound happening in a more life significant way so though there are many people struggling hard, they are just no longer willing or able to ignore whatever it is that’s waking them up and calling out to their Soul. 🧚🏽‍♀️
It's a pay problem. I promise none of the companies that are having employment issue are  the highest payer in there line of work. Waiter pay has been Bs forever. Another example mechanics and body man have not had an increase in wage in 20 plus years the price of everything has more then doubled in that time.
Isn’t it funny how.when a cost of living raise comes..Prices go through the roof?  No getting ahead
Why isn't the first question, "If they are quitting their jobs, how the heck are they paying their bills and can afford necessities?"? I couldn't just up and quit. Bills still keep coming in.
Are we expecting European migration anytime soon
The reasons?  You kidding me . . . because a lot of us don't wanna get jabbed!  We won't work at a place that wants to jab us by force or by coercion. Get it!?  60 min wants to change the narrative or avoid a significant factor in the reasons by avoiding a political hot topic to pander to the current Biden administration . . Get lost your investigative journalism is a sham.
So all the jobs where the managers are usually rude, disrespectful, and uninspiring. Where pay is low. Where owners are absent and inflexible.
STOP GOVERNMENT CONTROLLED VACCINATIONS THAT WE DO NOT EVEN HAVE LONG TERM SIDE EFFECT DATA OF!
It’s called the silent revolution!
if the wealth gap continues to grow, then its obvious that real workers are not being paid fairly.
Cost of living is higher...inflation , and wages continue to stagnate.  It's simple. Pay ppl more money and they will stay.
if you’re an employer post-pandemic with a pre-pandemic mindset in regards with treating your employees; it’s about time to reflect perhaps consider shutting down for good. embrace autonomy culture for workers and you will see authentic productivity. let go of low balling employees’ by finally respecting their time, talent and value.
About time. Companies used to take care of their employees.  Now we know your 401k can just disappear. That's why polititicians still get real benefits. Thanks to our taxes. We need more. We deserve better treatment.
That way of you work to life instead of the other way around. fantastic
Bosses suck and they can’t control their nastiness.
I feel like this was one sided. 60 minute interview but not showing impact for rural Americans. I worked everyday the same job. No pay increase and none of that computer zoom. If I didn’t have cable news I would think it’s just any other day. We don’t have fancy restaurants or big stores here. Just a lot of farmers and ranchers. Interview them and ask how this affected them.
Because they are tired of the b.s.
Boo Hoo work is hard. Welcome to life.
And then they’ll create robots to do the jobs..Like they are trying to do with driverless vehicles..
I just don't wanna work 3 jobs to support myself i just want to work my 40-50 and be able to have a life. I know alot of people that are the same way that's part of the problem for some of the people in this video you expect to much time and kids shouldn't even be in the conversation thats the individuals choice to have kids and they have to deal with the consequences of that. As someone who is not having kids I don't want to be held to some insane standard because Jenny has a baby at home well I have a life I'd like to get back to also its a horrible excuse and it needs to stop!
It's actually two things happening here.  1 Is lack of enough pay per hour. 2nd is the FACT that Let's Go Biden and his ilk have with their cheap cash given big bucks to workers through unemployment.  People will work if they can't pay their bills.  Wait till the government dole runs out and then the help wanted signs in the windows will disappear.  Easy peasy  If you want to know why the work force is STILL not working after the gov benefits run out, it's because they are still living off of what they saved.  This isn't rocket science
“We double our revenue year over year”. Yes, at the expense of your employees. Maybe try paying people a living wage and see how fast the “labor shortage” disappears.
Youtube took most of the laid off and workforce .
We're all sick of working crap jobs for crap pay, and getting no sense of satisfaction from the jobs we're doing.....
THE GREAT AUTOMATION OF LABOR TOO...
As a retired public school educator & veteran, I would suggest a national college matching-funds earn while you earn program for high school kids; in which the pre-tax earnings from working P/T 10-15hrs per week is matched by state/federal educational funding, redeemable after graduation for college, trade school, entrepreneurship options.
Hard work, patience, dedication go a long way, but  8-12 hour shifts are obsolete in a technologically advanced world. It ain't the 1910's anymore!
I will tell you why. the people are tired of being treated like crap. Be nice!!!!
LinkedIn, the “Facebook” for professionals
You can offer us better pay, benefits, flex work hrs. and we will still quit if our supervisors/managers are a$$holes. Change needs to start on top. Gen Y and Z will not put up with sh!t.
Companies treat people like crap.  In general companies don’t care about the health and Welfare of their workforces.  I am glad businesses are getting hit hard.    Start treating people with respect and paying them.
No one wants a vaccine that doesn’t work and causes long term health issues.
I worked at Jcpenney as a supervisor making 53k, and management literally controlled my life. Dictated when I come in, what days we has to work overtime, etc. I was on salary, and after all the overtime they forced us to work, I realized I was making less than a fork lift driver I supervised.  That was when I knew something was wrong with the salary trap
Low Birth rates are also the cause
Retail and hospitality workers are overworked and underpaid.
Stop hanging out free money.
I retired from a mid-level management position 14 years ago.  Just the thought of returning to the grind, to the claustrophobic confines and the dehumanizing atmosphere is enough to generate anxiety.  Once these millions of people who've begun to turn their backs on the traditional employment settings realize just how liberating avoiding that toxic atmosphere is, they'll never return if there are options such as remote employment.  For what it's worth, I think the trend is here to stay.
Mcdonalds made 550 billion in 2021 and pay   15 per hour
Time for small business owners to go back they used to do. Family run. today's model every one in the family has a better job and pays people peanuts to run their business while they rake in the cash. Those days are gone and unfair wages are gone. Run your own business or pay up.
If I could make it financially I would leave my employ by the summer.  I didn’t get from this how these people are making it after resigning
60 Minutes you're such a liar women had to quit their job take care of their kids and the the other one got too much money from unemployment pictures of Biden you guys are just asking for the Democrat Party 60 minutes ashamed ooof yourself
Good for them.👍
Don’t forget the customers treat retail workers like 💩
Also people are tired of blue state agendas
Solution rent control reduce the rent. Reduce housing prices. It's bull... what's it going on in America
Good exploration. However, they didn’t look deeply enough into the effects of the coronavirus. Many people do not want the public exposure, especially in fields like retail, hospitality, etc. If someone is interfacing with hundreds of people per day, what are the chances of bringing home Covid to your family?
Some dont work because of the Jaab mandate.
Simple, if they want me to come in office I will charge 4x my remote pay. Can they afford it ? if they can't they can duck themselves or hire me remotely.
I don't know many people that keep a job because of the benefits. I'm sure some do but the vast majority stick around because it is what they know and have conformed to the job. If given the opportunity to work somewhere better, they would not think twice in leaving.
Oh my god, how much "It's not because of failed gov't policy" can they try to cram into a video? They admit it's the locked down industries that can't recover their workers. They admit it's safety concerns after gov't decarcerated jails and refused to prosecute violent criminals.
these are lies, people are applying but they wont hire those with degrees, its that they employers are unwilling to pay living wage. PEOPLE ARE TIRED OF THAT!
People are realizing that they shouldn’t have to break themselves for a job. That they deserve to be treated better.
Finally workers are doing what is good for them
Come on America, step up your game (better wages, free heath care !!!  I could go on and on.
Bc nothing even matters anymore. I just want some peace on the beach and I want the same for y’all. Let’s all quit. DOWN WITH BABYLON 🇱🇰 Jah Bless JAH RASTAFARI ❤️💛💚
Very predictable how the word "union" was not used once on this issue. The corporate entity that owns the channel 60 minutes is on I assume doesn't have unionized works. Lack of unions getting workers better was never mentioned. Very predictable.
My mom doesn’t even live in the US but she was so mad when her boss told her she wasn’t going to be working from home anymore😂  (FYI: born and breed in Denmark)  She really wanted to keep working at home, after all she’s been working from home for 2-3 years now (she was in the sensitive group due to her asthma so she was sent home earlier then the regular folks).  I get it I wouldn’t want to switch out a cozy home office, with the shared office at her workplace either.
Folk are not getting these degrees to be paid only $3 an hour!!
Finally Americans opening their eyes and acknowledging that socialism is 1000 times better than capitalism which they defended all these hundred years which is stupid! Thats why Europe is a happy continent, The worker has the throne and not the employer, the worker decides!
It’s called vaccine mandates.
We need a living wage.  An employee working 40 hrs should be capable to afford rent and food simultaneously where ever they live. If that particular job can't accommodate paying a living wage then that business isn't operational in that particular location. It really is that simple.
If Trump wasn’t president this wouldn’t happen………oh wait
This was a good objective segment, rare in media these days. People are simply fed up with more work load, more work hours, more stress, less appreciation, and at the end of the day going home to a overpriced apartment with ever more greedy and careless landlords.  Not to mention government’s taking too much of our money and using it to create ever more clever ways of blowing people up while they sit around and argue nonsense for at least a 3 figure salary and go home to their oversized homes provided by the working class. The world is waking up to the fact that governments are the problem, not people. If you have read this, thank you, stay strong, and love thy neighbor. 🙏🌎
Interviewing employers about why workers are quitting is like asking the guards at a prison why the prisoners are rioting.
Pay problem and not wanting to take the secret sauce aka the vaccination.
Employers fired people left and right when it suited them.  Too many employers treat you like a child. They’ll tell you not to take too much time off if you’re ill. They change schedules all the time so you can’t even plan your life outside work. Just two examples.
People are tired of being used and abused.
Americans aren’t quitting. Businesses are closing and going bankrupt.
Do not live to work. Work to live.
Remote, remote, remote, remote, this is what people want. I will take a lower pay to be happy at a job and to do it mobile.
Your basically interviewing a criminal. She worked for the Fed.
With so many people sitting around this will surely help kickstart another civil war.
That's exactly what it has felt like, living to work.
So let me try to answer the question. So the workers are starting to noticed that giving up time in exchange for a check is no longer worth it in certain sectors. Better pay is always a plus but the problem is that people want a life outside of the work space.
Did I just miss it.. or did they not bring up low pay or crappy benefits?!
Quitting!?people are being terminated for declining the poisonous vaccine...they shouldn't have to cater to cowards.if someone wants the vaccine let them take it and if not we'll it's a free country! sheep are free to live in fear.people act like if others don't take the vaccine,then their vaccine won't work,is it the same with vitamins?
It's not rocket science, Vax mandates are why people quit their jobs
When they said jobs are paying more and stimulus was too generous......😂😂😂😂😂🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕😡
Before the pandemic I was told there were 10 people standing in line waiting for my job, now they are paying more and begging people to stay.
Employees are in the driver seat. I saw that with Kyrie with the Nets
IT'S NOT A WORKER PROBLEM. IT'S AN EMPLOYER'S PROBLEM. :)
Most of the job wages can't keep up with inflation and the rising cost of living. People are finding other ways to make it. You're better off finding a side hustle or gig and be your own boss
They want employees back? Give the workers a larger share of the means of production.
I love it!! Retired early!! 60!!! Yea!!! Put in 42 years in the workforce!!! Done!! The key, save, 401k, etc. It can be done.
I started working when I was 10 years old, because that’s what you did to help the family.  I finally retired in 2019 after years of working multiple jobs.  And I might need to return part time/ part year.
Basically I don't get paid enough money to run somebody else's business for petty cash
If we can only learn from history. The Black Death caused a major shift in the labor market. It essentially helped end serfdom. There are also many other parallels
I feel like this is gonna push the robot agenda
I don't understand how all of these people who are quitting are paying the bills.  I guess they are living on their savings as Whitaker alludes to at the end of the segment?  Once they deplete their savings I wonder what will happen?  Also, the foreclosure moratorium only ended on Sept 30 so the full brunt of foreclosures likely hasn't hit yet and there are still rental eviction moratoria in many cities.  Once all of the stimulus works its way completely out of the system we may get a better picture of how this plays out.  I think it won't end up well for some of these people who impulsively quit.
Essentially, I was tired of playing the game, conforming to a culture I don't believe in, just to remain employed and retain positive cashflow. The pandemic gave us time to breath and they paid us to sit at home to reflect and evaluate and weigh the contributions and sacrifices that were required by corporate America. The deciding factors were freedom and time. Time is finite, the clock was ticking and the only one benefitting from my time was the company. So many people I've known have worked an died before reaching retirement age and I us older workers had a whole year to contemplate and reconsider our options. With the pandemic, we had an opportunity to pull our money, wait for the markets to bottom out, reinvest and ride the wave of market growth to the point where it more than made up the difference for working another ten or twenty years. It also gave time to be honest with ourselves and break the chains of conformance, social standards and corporate policy. Quite frankly, I can't stand to be around 97% of you people because of the widely accepted pansy culture and reality you've all created and nurtured. Its nauseating, to say the very least.    A lot of it also has to do with corporate "policy" leaching into your personal life, like they own you 24/7. Many people I know, quit and retired because we're sick of woke, politically correct, intrusion of our thoughts, speech, likes and dislikes, and personal choices, whether its "proper" or not. Improper is not illegal but you're imprisoned by policy. Quitting was like a three ton weight was suddenly gone. Now I can openly enjoy owning firearms, strippers, cigars, scotch, gas guzzling V8 engines, complimenting a pretty woman and not worry about the consequences of grabbing a snot nosed punk by the throat when they cross the line, a line of my choosing. No, they didn't create unconstitutional laws, instead, they allowed, and used, "corporate policy" to dictate your life, under the fake premise of a "safe and healthy" work environment. Its dehumanizing.
For all those people going on about employer’s must pay much more and workers deserve it! Get ready for $8 gallon gas, million dollar entry level houses, new economy cars costing $40k, and a whole other variety of huge price increases!
I still wonder how many people found a job that paid the bills so they quit their other jobs.
The US 🇺🇸 is the only place in the developed world that value work over life.  Everyone just realized their work is contributing more to the CEO wealth than their pay checks.
So this has nothing to do with the Biden Administrations policy or the fact they are mandating vaccines?  Goodbye 60 minutes
A story about why people are not working so you spend the majority of the time talking to employers rather than potential employees. Hmmmmm
I wrote a comment explaining the reason, and YouTube just deleted the comment without even notifying me. The comment just isn’t here  I was so surprised no one in the comments had written the actual reason. But I’m sure many wrote the same thing I did, and got their comment deleted by YouTube, without any notification or explanation. This censorship is approaching  communist Soviet Union and communist China levels.
Mandates u stupid liberal trash, wake up ,control doesn't work, u might get the civil war u don't want
I work at a place that just added an additional 120 people to our caseload…no mention of a raise. Yeah i totally get why the great resignation is happening
Wage and Respect Shortage is largely the reason.  Toxic work places are situations that workers have decided not to put up with any more.  I got a job in June. Highest pay I have been offered from an employer. After about 60 days I realized the Owner/My boss was a Perfectionist micro managing bully.  As time marched on he got much worse in dealing with me.  I made it to 5 months before he decided to fire me, and I was ready to quit at the same time.  My job before this one, my boss was an arrogant a$$hole as well (not as bad, lasted there 2 years).  I won't work for A$$hole bosses any longer after 23 years of working, and almost 40 years old.
Omicron is not taking a tool on the workforce -- IT'S THE DEMOCRATIC COMMUNISTS PARTY that is taking toll on the workforce!  I will never support Desperate again: BLACK, WHITE, OR OTHER!
The problem is the complete lack of work ethic in our young people. The Socialist cabal in our Educational system has discouraged the youth of our Nation to work for what they get. The even bigger problem is the Corrupt Media apologizing for incompetence form Biden-Harris.
They the Biden administration is a domestic terrorist organization that wants to destroy America.
What about immagrent workers pool has declined with the decline in IMMAGRATION by 3/4?
Me too movement for work
Americans tied of the mistreatment of these companies, and work flexibility. But covid 19 is not the main reason.
Mhmm 👩
It could be that people do not like to work when 50% of their check is gone before they get the money and another 10% is taken when we spend what we have left.
i would work for the construction owner he seems like a cool boss
go to 3:45 min, see how guy is carrying ladder, that's ridiculous, it's unsafe.  There's a reason people don't want to work, because employers have got used to paying poorly and treating people like dirt and getting away with it.  Come on man, break your back for my measly wages on a temp construction project, wassa matter with you?
I am halfway through this video and never did they say that all the jobs that are available are for low wages and the wages are not enough to support the cost of the housing in the given area.
They quit because they are mad at government for telling them what they HAVE to put in their own body.  Something that does NOT HAVE ten or more years of testing and for some it has been deadly.  For others permanent neurological debilitating injuries.  Government doesn’t care and has spend false information non stop while withholding medical treatments that are far less dangerous.  No one wants to work for dictators and that is who is holding our country hostage.  Democratic Communist.  They are ruining our country.
Because we don't need poor paying rotten pay.
"The difference is, it's MY choice", spoken by one of the ladies at the end. That is gold and speaks all truth. I left my career job of 15 years in early 2021 and haven't looked back. When it's your choice you have more control and feel 100 times better about what you are doing. Even though she is still very busy working for 3 companies, she's far more happy because SHE made the choice to leave her Marketing job to do what she's doing now. Great video!
People are tired of being treated like shyt by spoiled ungrateful greedy employers!  And $15 isn't really enough to catch up with exploding inflation!!  $25 is more like it!
The rich are getting richer regardless
People have tired of being abused for far too long
100% remote software engineer now and never going back to the office.
Criminals in the White House people turn to crime.
The government and employers have used people like toilet paper. People are exiting the matrix.
covid taught people they can live within their means with less and be happy, it'll be temporary
People don't quit jobs they quit there bosses !
Everyone is covering this which seems silly to me.  The reasons are pretty obvious.  People with small children have really been in a fix since Covid started and you have people who don’t want to risk their health for a minimum wage job.  Are there other reasons , sure but the two I mentioned are probably the majority.  Most people don’t have the luxury of quitting their jobs just because they don’t like it or want a change.
They’re quitting because of vaccine mandates
Let’s go Brandon
Worst journalist job ever… it’s all a lie. The biggest challenge was asked. It’s the government mandates.
The child tax credit is still going on so if you have kids you are getting a little more for your kids, so you can stay home, not pay day care and get some money coming in.
Wow, the contempt for seeking better wages and conditions during the intro when she said, signing bonuses, the framing of the narrative is as important as the actual movement. Most of the messaging from the media is why are they quitting when everyone knows why. For the past 42 years the workers have been exploited by the rich.
March 2020 I was laid off and put on unemployment for 6 months towards the beginning of 2021 I chose not to return to my job and seek a new one that pays more. I spent all 2021 jumping from job to job exploring till i eventually found one in early December that pays good, but yeah they are short staffed and expect me to work 12hrs + 🙄
ok boomer
What did the white workers say?
They are out their . They are been force to take vaccine.. How you don’t know what’s the problem.
PLEASE MEDIA, KEEP TALKING ABOUT THE HIGH "QUIT RATE" AND NOT THE $7.25 FEDERAL MINIMUM WAGE THAT IS A COMPLETE JOKE.   AND PLEASE, DON'T ACT LIKE $15/HOUR IS LIVABLE, IT ISNT. THAT'S 31K/YEAR BEFORE TAXES, WHICH IS HALF OF THE AVERAGE NATIONAL INCOME OF 63K/YEAR. YOU WANT PEOPLE TO GO TO WORK? OFFER THEM A LIVABLE WAGE OF $30/HOUR
It's sad it took the pandemic for people to see what's important in life.
The title should be: Why is the Biden Administration not doing their jobs? We're taking our lives back. Democrats keep going downhill while we, the people, realized we have to think about ourselves and work out our own lives. Not voting for Democrats this time around.
I can because people are tired of rich fuckers taken all the money we the people are tired of it ! We can see how the economy is gettin money pumped in it but aint going anywhere only the investors are makin bank !!! Greed greed greed!!!! Pay us more and u rich take less profit not all of it !!!!
So many restless Americans sitting around can't be good. Civil War?
Maybe they Don’t want the vaccine.. and they’re taking control of their own life and choices.  Good for them
This is BS. It’s because of mandates and blaming it on this reason?!😂😂😂
Let’s go Brandon!
sad that people hit hard are not interviewed the fast food workers the school janitors ugh these ppl have corporate jobs with corporate lives let's get real.
Because of vaccine mandates   Imagine causing a problem then being ignant about it
Serve yourselves boomers
Conveniently they did not talk about the dollar amount any of the employers offered. 60 minutes is just shilling for business as usual capitalism.   The two business owners said they increased benefits and offered sign on bonuses but didn't mention the pay. Sign on bonuses means the company is betting the labor issue will go away in the future and they don't want to hire someone for more money long term. The hotel mentioned flexibility, but not pay.   I used to be a business owner and when I raised the pay by $5 I saw a fourfold increase in quality applicants. It's not that hard. But everyone acts like they are confused and puzzled.
We also have over 800,000 thousands people that died, people dealing with illness,  people in the services area died because they were essential. No one cared for those people, now we do not care either.
Jobs are for losers! -Rich Dad Poor Dad
Sir Richard Branson said....Train people so well they can leave. Treat them so well they don't want to💗
More like lazy, taking handouts. Why do you think they’re protesting free rent
Same thing happened during the flu pandemic 1920s and after that the depression hit ...
It’s not a worker problem. It is a wage problem. Pay your people.
Workers are basically not dealing with the bs anymore.
Really great to see the chefs wearing masks.
Eventually the market will change and swing back towards the employer. Labor shortages spawn innovation and some of these jobs will disappear forever
It's more than stimulus money. Schools and day cares have shut down.
Why don't you guys tell the truth there have been more jobs than jobs lost the people that are quitting said jobs are getting other jobs it's been a ongoing thing since the beginning of time
My business collapsed during the pandemic. Bought land. Building an off grid homestead. Two to three days a week, I drive for Uber eats. My living expenses are 20% of prepandemic expenses. I live simply with joy and no stress. Starting over in my 50s was scary, but worth the struggle. I will never work in an office again. I have power to enjoy life instead of a life that is all about an employer's profits and demands.
so much for the right wing battle cry that immigrants are taking your  jobs.
Let’s take the billionaires power away from them! Let’s create our own products! Everybody start a company let’s support each other’s businesses! This will be the real freedom!
Bosses that don’t have employees ,suck at it.
Workers doesn’t want to work in retail, restaurants and healthcare because their the 1st one who gets affected aside from the poor wages.
We should be calling this time the "Great Reset".
Your not paying them enough. Then you say they aren’t out there, 20 million are out there,with the ones that use to work for you. Everybody quit,because they were ready already.
Available “Jobs” are so called jobs. For a job to be a real job it has to pay livable wages… but most of these jobs don’t pay 💰well enough to even afford you a 1 studio apartment.
People can go anywhere and get treated like crap. People are tired of it.
people realized they are exploited ...simple as that. combine that with vaccine mandates... The situation is so clear yet media is asking amazed ...why? the video report is elusive...👎🏼
The lies they tell
They don’t want to work for companies that negatively influence their futures. Greed that takes and never gives. That’s what this inflation is about. Them getting theirs first. So why work to hurt yourself ,when not changes their outlook. Money thinks it’s done something,try it without people.
This is really not hard to understand. Worker pay is not keeping up with profits , stock price or executive pay. They do the actual work but are not compensated for it. Some states and politicians are fighting an minimal increase to an absurdly low minimum wage that is not enough to keep food on the table or a roof overhead working 60 hours a week. I do not see the “executives” leaving in mass because the have financial incentive to stay - stock options, bonuses, salary increases. CEO pay in particular is out of control based on actual contribution to success of a company. The only way this stops is those who do the work get a fair share. If not, the jobs and in turn the strength and power will remain in countries like China, Vietnam and others as we ship our low paying jobs offshore while increasing CEO and executive pay for doing so. That is short term gain for long term US of A worker and economic pain. Greed is not good.
its funny.  even the "big" news Media dont feel the need to cite their sources.  i guess we can all just make stuff up now?. considering freedom of speech is no longer allowed through mainstream media and social media,  its more important than ever to prove what your "saying" is true. i see no links to where this information comes from. i dont know many people that have quit their jobs.
Gotta have money to live. You quit and the money stops. Where are the Gen Z getting the money? Living on love? Let me in on that secret and I'm in.
People are sick of the stupid mandates.
It’s a v. A. X against your will problem
It's pointless to work if it's not going to help your family progress if the pay is not enough to help a person pay they bills and save it is a waste of time
Ivy league education and works for Linkedin.  Low pay, covid... this is basically glorified clickbait.  I love the boomer-quality willfull ignorance.
Perhaps people are tired of the inequities of Capitalism. Why not take off the Suits and Ties and do the work yourselves. A little dirt under your fingernails is a humbling thing , huh? Perhaps the 10% of those who own everything need to be humbled. Not working is a good way to reduce your tax load. Keep your money, we’ll grow our own food. Good luck…….perhaps compensate our labor in Gold instead of worthless American Dollars. I could live with that………Vietnam Vet USN
If there is so many jobs openings, how come so many can’t still get a job.
Construction was a victim of "just in time" as much as anything.  The companies had precious few actual staff on salary.  They picked up people as needed.  The moment there were better jobs available...
Greenville has maintained a steady, high rate of covid cases, also. Not enough people vaccinated.
homeless is fine.
lol yeah forced retirement, stop the lies and the deceitful idea they're pushing down our mouths
Probably had nothing to do with enhanced unemployment benefits paying more than they were earning at their jobs.  When these benefits expire, they will then need to go back to work, unless the government continues to support them on the dole.
Fear is a great motivator. We are finding out that Love can be even stronger.
just increase pay/benefits
Pensions. That's it.
But republicans said NO to universal daycare :)
lies  no is offering better pay and employers are not acting grateful for your hard work they dont care that you and your family have lost so much from Covid-19
You are an essential worker but you don't get essential pay.
Trump shut down the economy and sent the checks. What a communist. 🙄
Everyone is still run down from having covid. Many still suffer from severe exhaustion.
Signing bonuses and benefits arent worth your mental health.  People are now living in reality. They are finally realizing that these jobs don't care about you: it's their dream not yours
I wish I could quit my job I hate it 90% of the people I deal with day to day  can go f*#% themselves!
Because nobody don’t wasn’t to get paid like it was 1996 smfh
I worked for a large bank during the pandemic. All I heard everyday was how valued I was and how ESSENTIAL I was. Yet I was never listened to. I was treated like any other replaceable employee. We would get yelled at if we didnt have our gloves and masks on at ALL times. If I took off my gloves to take a sip of water I could get yelled at. We would get yelled at by customers because of policies and management was instructed to basically take the customers side because of the stress they could be under. Americans are realizing how one sided the workforce/economy truly is and I think they are over it. I left because I'm a musician and music started taking off. I talk to my ex coworkers and the company is looking for any reason to fire people even bringing up mistakes that happened months ago. The workers are simply not valued
How many of the Health care openings are due to vax mandated firings?
Only the benefits could explain this, despite what some of these experts say. If they need money, they’ll work.
If you examine the statistics cited about which sectors are losing employees at the highest rates, you'll notice that they are mostly in sectors where one has to deal with customers directly. I think a lot of this trend is being driven by the increasing levels of nastiness that Americans are exhibiting which those on the receiving end are increasingly unwilling to put up with. American society is breaking down, and that breakdown is being hastened by political forces which hope to profit by that breakdown. This is corruption on a grand scale.   And as for those in the healthcare sector, it's clear that the stress that the pandemic has put on those courageous caregivers has clearly reached a breaking point for many. You don't see many parades and celebrations of healthcare workers now like you did last year. Now many of those same healthcare workers are being abused because they endorse commonsense measures to help people avoid death and disease. What a world we now live in.
Trust me I believe in fair wages I want a fair wage for the hours I put in. It's sad that with that our cost of living has gotten out of control. I hope it equals out soon.
Inflation up 15%, but we get a 3% raise, see the problem. We were essential and never stopped working during plandemic,  our company gave us 50 dollar appreciation bonus, what a joke!
What a load of propagandized bullspit this is!  Americans are quitting because they're tired to death of being robbed - of their money, their future and their dignity at every single turn! And they won't be tantalized by  a few shiny trinkets like sign-on bonuses and the like; they know all too well the depths of deception enriching the corporate level at their expense.  You want people to head back to work?  Get the Congress to reinstate worker protections and criminalize union busting, pension raiding and profiteering. Set caps on corporate pay and benefits. Stop legislating for the benefit of corporate donors and close tax loopholes that allow them to squirrel away the millions that they steal from their employees and federal coffers.  Make the concept of work more equitable and give employees buy-in. Americans aren't stupid, lazy and shiftless. This segment is downright insulting to those of us who've experienced corporate thievery and political negligence for so long.
Starting now is the best way of getting ahead to build wealth in 2022,investing remains a priority. The Crypto market has plenty of opportunities to earn a decent payouts, with the right skills and proper understanding of how the market works
Omg! The first 2 minutes of this segment describes me! I thought I was alone in this!
Vaccine mandates aren’t helping.
Probably has nothing to do with the downright unlawful coercion of "get injected or lose your job"
Working for Xerox for 30 years, I watched the decline of employee treatment by many corporations, while CEO's perks and profits increased. This was a long time coming.
They are the type to be joyous at other's misfortune. The types that lie so much that they can't believe what anyone says.
Another very real yet ignored issue is ageism. Many folks in their 40s and 50s cannot get employment of any kind from those "eager to hire" employers regardless of skills or depth of experience.
I think your perspective on this is lacking. People are leaving employers for a variety of reasons. To do an objective report on this you would have to look at it based on industry, occupation, age, women  men, the effect of shut down on the restaurant industry.  I think young people are tired of low pay, long hours, and verbal abuse by customer's.   I think working women had trouble balancing work and children learning at home. Not every employer is going to accommodate it's workers.
I hope this is true, applying for an apprenticeship
Her voice would be perfect on unsolved mysteries!
The cause is much simpler, Biden paid people not to work for a year, now they aren’t willing to work when they got a taste of something for nothing.
All of these job openings- is it because people are changing jobs or is it because they would rather stay home and deadbeat and live off of the taxpayers? Maybe we need to rethink how we dole out government funded benefits?
It ant no fun when the rabbit got the gun.  I wish I would go back into a corporates office. word of advice- "stack your cheese" (save & invest wisely).
Best time to join union
I haven't seen ANY of those benefits in ANY of the jobs I interviewed with....
They are not quitting, they are retiring. Also women are choosing to stay home with their children in greater numbers. Also due to the republican wars and republican economic crisis of 08, there were not many children born.
Ok.. I quit my job. Who pays me on a Friday?
I worked in hotels for years and the pandemic gave me a break from the abuse I received and internally normalized from guests. When I returned I couldn't accept the treatment again. I guess getting out gave me the opportunity to see what I was accepting. I won't ever go back and put myself through that disrespect, especially for the payment (which was very low).
Pay your workers a living wage.
At the end of the day people have to eat and keep a roof over their head. The story doesn't do very much at all to address how this is happening in the aggregate.  I agree employers haven't kept pace with workers needs, wants and the acknowledgement of what workers do for them. It's obvious and I agree overdue.   But, a story like this needs to address other ways income can be gained because the need for income hasn'tgone away. But government supplementing income has gone away.  Are they working under the table, in the gig economy, living strictly on savings or running up debt? All of the above?  It's important to have some insight in to these factors to make educated guesses about how sustainable this shift is.
How interesting that 60 Minutes has a black reporter interviewing ONLY other black people for this segment? 🤔
40hrs work week is a scam... everyone is under paid. It's all about profits and stock prices
07:30 Get that in writing.
This is what has been supposed to be 2 decades ago. Human being with all the inventions of technology etc was supposed to work less anyways. I am happy to hear these news and recommend everyone to read ‘Utopia for Realist’
No more rat race!
Because they REFUSE to be coerced into doing something that they have the Individual freedoms to REFUSE. America is still alive, and still a FREE NATION in the hearts of those who choose Hope and Liberty.
Companies have been exploiting workers for decades, they deserve to absolve
People need a living wage, when you work a 40 hour week and live on the sidewalk or in your car something is definitely wrong!
It’s like this whole piece is trying to make you feel bad for the employers and it should be covering how employees have been treated in the work place by being paid an unlivable wage especially when cost-of-living is increasing, no quality of life and an abusive work environment. Tell the truth on both sides.
A generation of entitled spoiled brats with no work ethic, and a government financing their laziness.  There I answered the question.   All promoted by an illegal and authoritarian shut down of the economy, quarantining healthy people in their houses, and ballooning the country’s debt at a rate not seen since WWII.
It's not a labor shortage.  If they paid a decent wage, people would return to work.
Millennials 🤦🤦🤦
H, Where are these employers that are hiring.  I live on the East coast, in a bit city.  I know of NO employers hiring for good pay
Haven't watched yet - curious if this story even touches on people's "limit being reached" on having to wear masks all week. It has to be a factor, and seems never to be mentioned at all. Let's see.
Call it The Big Wake Up Call!!
Follow your dreams, not someone else's!!!!!
Too many big companies catered too much to corporate level, and management greed in pay, by cheating the laborer out of their worth!
simple answer: why work when there's free money from the Biden govt?
*Right now Binance official exchanger have a bug* *it exchanges BTC to ETH almost x10 rate fully automatic* *I posted a video'*
The CEO s are taking too much of the profits.
Power to the people!
This video is to advertise works be
It’s too bad inflation is wiping out all the gains from wages.  Before the pandemic wages were outpacing inflation.
A mixture of reasons but the current mandates is one of them. People want personal choice, not one person controlling the masses. The second was remember in the early 2000s college and retirement promised so much for us? Yeah, how's that been going since then? Ummm pretty bad.
05:48 Not sure I agree with her.  Many of those leaving the workplace still live with their parents and they don't have others solely depending on them.
The Truth is coming up!!!! We all understand what's really important in life. Family, happiness, doing for each other. Etc. Not jobs!!!
Work for yourself
Immoral Vaxx Mandate. Don't comply!
I'm waiting for my competition to be deported or killed in a rival gang conflict
People don't usually leave their jobs if they're happy in their jobs.
Quit your jobs
Hmmmm, interesting, how are these people paying their bills.  I do not believe this
IT'S JOE BIDENS MANDATES. DUH
Your literally risking your life now for more times than not... Minimum wage. NOPE
Customer service jobs are among the worst.  Ive worked in Macy's, CVS and several car dealerships and the Karens you deal with is not worth the pay
Retail no one wants to get paid peanuts to deal with sloppy, rude customers and raises based only on your credits and email captures. I'm sure hospitality and restaurant is probably the rude and impatient customers for what you make. I'm sure mandates are a big part too!
How do you guys afford bills? I could never afford to quit my job because I felt like it. Also in the medical field. Grad school starts in june. I'll never work from home
A lot of it is pandemic induced.  Also, millennials are incentivized to stay at home on unemployment, as it’s easier and they are making more this way than while working.  Sad but true.  Hopefully now that this is finally going away, people will be going back to work again.  Lastly, boomers were ready to retire anyway and the scare of the pandemic simply made them want to retire early to escape to the states that are more free from mandates.  Ok, I’ll add one more thing: podcasters, YouTube portrays the sense that you can make money at home as an influencer instead of the 9-5 life. This is very enticing to the lazy generation we have now.  Easy money. But I think there are still a lot of young people that want yo work and trades are the key to a successful job with limited student loan debt.  Mike rowe makes great points about this.
So refreshing that they interviewed black women. My story is similar but we have been labeled so badly since the pandemic that we are on welfare, sleep all day & get free govt benefits 🙄. I have a masters and took a buyout during the pandemic so I traveled and enjoyed life a bit (safely). But i remember the mailman and some of my neighbors suggesting i was probably making more on unemployment and needed to get back to work 🙄 but i wasn’t on UI, it couldn’t come close $$ , I had resources. And i just lived my best life for a moment. I didn’t go back till November and i work from home now. I hope to never go back to crazy commutes , the worry from when the company isn’t doing well or petty office politics again!! 🖕🏽💃🏽👩🏽‍💻
No we arent really hiring please stop with this bs applied to 30jobs zero call backs.
It's like that old story i heard a long time ago: there's a young man working at a shop and the owner drives up in a brand new Lamborghini and the young man is staring at his new car the owner says you like it and the young man says yes the owner says well if you come in on time and work real hard I can buy another one next year
The way Americans are exploited is insane, and the sad part is because so many of them can't afford to travel and see the rest of the world, they don't realise how bad they have it over there
She is Not Lying ! Im About to Tell AMAZON GO F YOURSELF ! AMAZON IS NOT WORTH IT !
Why not get robots to do the work part time so people aren't over worked and can spend more time home with their families 🤷🏻‍♀️
So let me get this straight…. Hello the f****** mandates!!! I’m annoyed with the fact that they are ignoring the real reason why many quit. This is a form of manipulation.
It’s the MANDATES!!!
Listening to these employers it’s clear that this issue is that they don’t want to pay people what they’re worth.
Maybe bc you're printing fake fun coupons as money and turning your country into a ghettoized, eugenically altered empire? :)
Americans are refusing to get the vaccine against there will that’s the problem and i agree your dignity and health come first, im applying now for positions and im getting turn away, so there still out here being picky
Wake up people U R BlIND & NAIVE
“Generous government stimulus” lmao
Boomers once again putting on those blinders to ignore the obvious question and have the gall to actually call it a Worker Shortage.
Well... A lots of people saw that "communism" for jobs is not a bad idea AT ALL.
1 in 7 jobs are remote?  I need to come back home!
Lol, why are people leaving their jobs? To find out, let’s not ask a single person under Owner/C-Level
Nearly a million people have died of COVID-19 in the US as of 2022-01-10. 57 million have had COVID-19, about of quarter of which develop "long COVID", whose primary symptom is fatigue and headache.   Couple this with the fact that the stock prices of popular companies have risen  due to the wealthy buying up scarce resources resistant to inflation caused by years of low interest rates kept low by the Fed to ameliorate company revenue losses caused by supply chain disruptions caused by, you guessed it, the pandemic. Many experienced people who nearly could retire suddenly could; so they did.  The cool regional manager for the multinational business location you work at retired and has been replaced by someone who wasn't regional manager for a reason. Now, on top of risking catching COVID-19 from being in the office, you have to deal with inexperienced management failing to order supplies.  If you're close to retirement, then why not just retire and wait all this out? Maybe lower your aspirations of owning your own home and move in with some roommates so you can lower your cost of living so you can retire early and avoid catching long COVID.  That's my explanation for current US labor shortages.
Jobs are paying less , and jobs that are paying good are giving ppl less hours. & sign on bonuses are being highly taxed
Can you just imagine what would happen if the same thing occurred in the armed forces! Let the so called ruling class, ultra wealthy fend for themselves for once and let them fight their own wars!  How fast would we see some change in Washington D.C.? Maybe just maybe the ruling class would start working for the America people for once and change a lot of things that the American people having been wanting for several decade's now.
I taught exercise at a corporate gym for years. Begged Many times for a well deserved raise. I had a recent degree + state license got a new job, better pay and left the gym that chooses to mistreat their employees.
No One  quit tjey wont take a forced vaccine LIAR'S
The reason? To give businesses an opportunity to pull themselves up by their bootstraps because this world owes them nothing.
It hilarious to me that most people are all for people leaving jobs.  Companies have profited far too much off of their employees and given nothing in return.  Hard work won't get you anywhere these days, and if you are loyal at all to your job then you are being silly.  Your job( like the government) does not care about you outside of what you can do for them.   Lastly this issue is not a worker issue but an employer and government issue.  People aren't getting paid anywhere near what they need to live in place like l.a. new York, Chicago, etc.
I'm so happy that the people are taking this opportunity to stand up for themselves. It's been long past due. However, employers are going to be even more motivated to automate everything using robotics. These people want to get to the point of not needing any human labor at all.
Democracy is coming to an end. Why work? “Germany was the dress rehearsal for the United States.”
Maybe if companies hadn't laid off tens of millions of people, they wouldn't be facing a shortage of workers!
Don’t waste your time.
I would like to quit my job because I’m doing the work of six different people every single day and we send an email out to our customer saying I know the wait times are long don’t worry we understand and what they do for us and say well we’re gonna try another program basically they just give us more work and less time to do it I have to sell credit cards to customers I have to explain how our pin pads work so they can use the debit cards and I have to tell almost every single customer about our coupons. Not only that they dropped the mask mandate in the city where I live and I’m sorry myself and my wife are fully vaccinated but our son is not and to be honest it’s not worth the risk to his life anymore. I also get tired of hearing conservative people come in and complain about politics to me because I’m not allowed to say that I think they’re fascists. But we have people make fun of other people wearing facemasks I have to for eight hours a day every day because of the people who won’t take Covid seriously.  This is just a small little tidbit of why I’m going to quit my job there’s a lot more reasons than that. I just don’t feel like ranting for the next 20 minutes
Because we ain’t slaves
Talking from experience... during the pandemic a lot of people had to survive on less money (pay-cuts, layoffs), so now they don't see the need to work like they used to, when they can live on less.
We are also forgetting that almost a million people died...
For too long the mentality has been that you need your employer. People are finally realizing that no, your employer needs you. You shouldn’t be at their mercy. They are at yours.
They dropped hours to not pay insurance, they paid minimum wage for years....employer abuse
Thanks Brandon....
Everyone I know who used to work in restaurants don't want to put themselves in danger by working so closely with the public, especially for peanuts.
employers should learn to treat their staff better
How is it possible that there is not ONE mention here of vaccine mandates? Or of most of the moves they mention being from blue states to red states, where there are far fewer restrictions... Outright censorship on 60 minutes, or just an accidental but gigantic ommission?
Its about time!
It's because personally my wife and I can't work they say that we owe $20,000 a piece after getting unemployment because they laid us off we went for help for unemployment, and now if we were to go to work it take $20,000 from us each!? How would we live!?
Let's go Brandon
Your husband is awesome! @9:47 The best things in life are free. TIME is our greatest commodity. Enjoy time with the family. 🙌🏼✌🏼❤
I bet it’s a salary problem. Wtf
And if they are not working how are they paying their bills?  Oh that’s right, the FED pumped trillions into the economy and destroyed us. Thanks!!
Most employers expect loyalty…but offer none in return.
Now we just need all the republicans to go form their own union down in Florida and we might be golden again.
The people who are furious when their fast food is slow coming are even angrier because they are convinced lazy people are  home collecting benefits BUT incidentally, they are the same people who feel mothers SHOULD be home taking care of their small children…. Now that they are doing just that, people are just mad they have to pull up and wait for their fries.
40 years of the Neo liberal economic model has failed, pushing down wages and rights, whist the rich get richer of the back of our hard underpaid work. Scrap this model and return to us having decent rights and pay. It's that simple.
Minimum wage isn't enough To stand there patiently While some 7 foot goon Insists you refer to him as ma'am
People are waking up
Vaccine mandate possibly a reason?
Government money.
I wish I could leave my job.
Y'all are only interviewing the bosses, not the workers!
I automatically hate the restaurant owner from Greenville, SC because the fact he has opening for all positions in all his restaurants…that tells me exactly how he treats his employees and how he pays his employees. Definitely one of the employers who can “shove it”.
The school system aren't fair enough. hence why there are private school and homeschooling. some see how irrelevant is to learn some things that won't help once graduated. it feels like they prep someone to get a job and depend their whole lives on that check until they're 60-65 to retired and enjoy life, while the elite and others who have better opportunities reaped all the reward. nobody wants that lifestyle, the pandemic has shown the real injustice not just here in the USA, but around the whole world. How the wealthy gets to decide how we lived our lives, at their sakes. When in reality, nature has much to provide with freedom to live life justly. away from all desires which entrap us for a false norm of achieving useful goals. #lavishlife life begins when you start thinking for yourself and live life stress free, interacting and connecting with everyone spiritually. Some see humans as their source of income and a number now.
My friend is a CNA.. she was only paid $9.. she quit and looked for a job, then got a job back with the same people for $14 an hour... in the mean time she could work at In and Out (a far less stressful job) for $15... so she quit altogether..
Come on 60 Minutes... You keep speaking of the workers but didn't let the workers speak.
I'm EXPERT in Unreal Engine, I can make anything now.  I hope I find a good project, I'm self taught, I am used to working 16 hour days at crunch time..   I wish I knew where to even look anymore...
It's because dealing with the public, now, is toxic.  People are not nice, anymore, or at least they have no qualms about treating other people like sh*t in public. Even the medical staffs are being abused across the country.
People need 20 dollars an hour, just to pay bills and eat....
You missed the political policies implications that drive these issues.  Why are people leaving big LIBERAL run cities and going to conservation run states, Texas and Florida. Healthcare workers were fired by vaxx mandates and now you wonder why there is a need for healthcare workers.... idiotic. But being part of mainstream media 60 minutes when from reporting when I was a child and my parents watched to being part of the vast propaganda machine.  Shame 60 minutes.
People are waking up to the ridiculous gap in wealth in this country and the corruption that allows the wealthy to pay a smaller tax percentage thru insane laws made in their favor.  This is just the beginning, there is a lot of work to do on the parts of government and elites if they want us to continue doing the dirty work for their empire
This is why they are bringing illegals in.
Woman start to comeback to the workforce because in nature man is less negotiable and employer cannot manage to negotiate with it.That might be why
Since you asked every time they gave our employers incentive they had to take it from us to give to them we've been sold out
Maybe if the money actually trickled down then this wouldn't be happening!
Many, if not most, of these workers who resigned were fleeing a toxic workplace / toxic co-workers.
Dawg no one can pay rent with that wage! They rather scam lol
I quit and started working for myself. As a hairstylist working in a salon your boss feels like they own you and they take 50% of the paycheck. So leaving made sense. She wasn't giving me health care benefits dental nothing. So why can't I just do it all for myself. And I'm so happy I made the choice to leave. I work less hours and make more money.
Most people make friends with the people they work with. How will people make friends if they work from home?
People are tired of crappy jobs and no healthcare. The cost of everything is going up, but wages have been stagnant for YEARS. People continue to vote against their interest. Good job, 60 Minutes, on conveniently ignoring the systemic issues of this country.
Juxtaposition this with the story: A worker in Florida applied to 60 entry-level jobs in September and got one interview.  Joey Holz said, "58 applications says y'all aren't desperate for workers, you just miss your slaves."
The pandemic gave us time and perspective to look at our jobs and lives and really think about what we wanted out of life. Life is short, so why stay somewhere you’re not happy? I changed jobs last year, same sector, but different company. I’m so much happier.
If you have a problem finding and keeping workers the problem is probably YOU. I saw recent data that shows the vast majority of open jobs pay less than $15/hr, the remaining few percent of open jobs pay $15-$20 an hour and all jobs paying above $20 an hour have no openings. People want to work. They’re just done working for unlivable wages. We don’t have a people shortage we have a wage shortage. Time for employers to pay up instead of expecting people to dedicate their entire lives to not even making enough to pay rent.
Lack of pay. They are used to Obama Era of high profits and low wages.
Because you guys help put an idiot in the White House!
Americans could have taken the example from FRANCE (where they work to LIVE!), decades ago. But no, they had to wait for a LETHAL PANDEMIC, to learn a basic life lesson, rather than learning from another country with a MUCH better way of life.
Well companies kept pushing until they could find the breaking point. And now our hurt that people want to be treated like humans and not just another statistic.
What about "Help Wanted" at CNN Headquarters?
We Quit!
Cause they are sick and tired of been overworked, underpaid, unappreciated and abused by customers and employers. Who can explain the workers. No one else. It’s not “if not now, when”. It’s abuse.
This is inspiring!
Millennials need to be running the country now, these boomer politicians are not looking out for ordinary working class people.  That is going to change.
does anyone else feel awkaward? intervieww is black women, so cnbc selected black man as an interviewer.....  what the????
People are NOT putting up with toxic work environments, the woman in the video is spot on, people are like "peace" I'm out
Employers are refusing to pay the value employees deserve and the absolute asinine work weeks we havre had compared to Europe and most of the western world need to change
Yesterday at Walmart waiting in customer service line when I got up to the counter the girl told me that there were 73 employees out with covid I was shocked that they were still open. She told me that there were no plans to close and clean the store like in the beginning she said it was like no one cares anymore
Sounds like an employer problem not a worker problem
This piece just shows how detached from reality this network is. The great resignation is not a worker problem. It's a WAGE AND EMPLOYER PROBLEM. We're tired of making less than it takes to rent a 1 bedroom to make billionaire CEOs even richer during the worst pandemic we've seen in 100 years. Please CBS, get over yourself. The detachment from reality is astonishing.
Did you happen to notice the politics of the states that were losing people vs those gaining?
1.Education or  trades.  2.Self employed  3.work For your Family… Have kids. Kids grow. Dad is self employed.. Guess what kids….??? What dad …? I got a work list for you.. Heathen hoard of bandits.. Aw… dad,c’mon…?? Lmao…🤣😂🤣😂👉 🥰💕💖💝lovem..👍
??Would a food server at a chain restaurant feel the same pain as an executive if both got sick on a similar level?? Where can they go to isolate, who will take care of them and their kids, how about the bills, medical coverage, sick pay ++??  Compare executive/C-suite vs rank and file compensation and benefits.  The disproportionate treatment, unrealistic expectations, and lack of respect for the everyday staff is telling.
The "flexibility" thing drives me nuts. When I worked in the Restaurant industry they touted the "flexibility" of the schedule. I ended up working ten days straight without overtime because they "flexibly" scheduled 5 shifts in one week connected to 5 shifts in the next one, and then wouldn't change it when asked. Ever since, the word "flexible" is an immediate turn off for me when looking for a job.
Americans are not quitting great jobs, just the shytty ones that don't pay well, the ones that overwork, the ones that devalue there workers.....simple
I have a simple theory. If we didn't lock down this wouldn't have been a problem.
I quit my job on 12/17/2021. The company wanted me to work 40hrs a week as a part-time employee and paid a low wage...but expected maximum outcome with paperwork deadlines due that I wouldn't get paid for after my work hours. I had the job 2 months but I'm glad I left.
Those are the sectors that are mandating vaccine😒 but they don't know why people are leaving lol
Yeah well this is what happens when millions of people get tired of low wage jobs with little to no benefits, tell these employers who are getting rich by exploiting workers to go f*ck themselves
My husband runs a Taco Bell store at (kcmo Armour rd) and has too many employees, no other Taco Bell is like this, would you like to know the secret? the secret is everything that these people were saying in this video, my husband offers flexible hours and treats all his employees with extreme respect, he offers a fun safe environment for all employees. My husband can do this for any company so if you would like to employ him make an offer 😉
Let's go Brandon.
I've heard right wing pundits complain "It's an entry level position, they shouldn't have to pay you more than minimum" or "if you don't like your job, get a better one". People are doing just that...so what's the problem here?
Boomers leaving the sinking ship after breaching the hull first.
It's an agenda for them to come with humanoid robot and the metaverse
Their quitting because they are going for better jobs
We finally learned that the jobs don’t pay enough.
Our Political system failed us when they refused to raise the minimum wage after 13 years of stagnation. Instead of raising the minimum wage for 90 million these Politicians chose the Restaurant lobbyists to keep wages low. F these C.Sers.
They will never call for another lockdown again because it gave people a chance to stop and think.
COMPLETE CRAP "S"  "STORY" #60MINUTES....ALL #SOCIALIST #BIDEN #BLUEGOON AGENDA  #NOTRUTH #NOTRUST #NOSCIENCE #NOBRAINS #PROPOGANGA  60 MINUTES WAS THE BEST NEWS STATIONS 10 YEARS AGO .....NOW THEY ARE OWNED BY THE LEFTY #BLUEGOONPARTY.   COMMONSENSE EXPERT #CHARLESPAYNE is who #60MINUTES should have interviewed.  STOP LYING TO AMERICA!! YOU ARE A TERRORIST ORGANIZATION!!!
Seeing people die out here on simple jobs because customers are going crazy or criminals never mind the roads as well.  Its not safe or healthy or happy anymore.    For low pay its not worth it.
Is 60 Minutes a totally worthless show?
We are short over 60 million jobs for working age. That's the facts you skip over and tell half truth. They are awakening to the Monetary Slavery this Country has created. It's not a life. I've worked 3-5 jobs at a time. Now inflation is driving up costs to live and eat. The concrete prison you all and continue to perpetuate as healthy is in full rejection. We are the wealth of this country. We are all done being dog food. Humans were meant for so much more than just making your billionaires. What you need to understand is those of us work horses had to show up and be exposed. You say available jobs but this country is SHORT 60 MILLION JOBS. THE EMPLOYEES NEED, CLEAN WATER, FOOD NOT TAINTED WITH CHEMICALS, TIME TO RAISE OUR CHILDREN AWAY FROM INSTITUTIONS OF INDOCTRINATION, TIME TO CARE FOR OUR AGING RELATIVES YOU HAVE DRIBEN THE COSTS FOR AGING CARE OUT OF CONTROL, AFFORDABLE MEDICAL CARE ACCESS, HIGHER EDUCATION, THESE ARE BASIC HUMAN NEEDS WHILE ALL YOU NEED IS MILLIONS. YOU'VE BEEN GREEDY FAR TOO LONG. MONETARY SLAVERY CREATED IN WHITE SUPREMACY WILL DESTROY THE HUMAN RACE.
If a company claims that they can’t afford to pay well because they will go out of business…they should not be in business. It’s literally that simple. Society does not need incompetent companies dragging all of us down.
No Biden says people are just moving up. All hail Biden.
If the govt. pays up to 80% or more on welfare, guess what, people wont work.
We were cut off of Unemployment in September 2021
If this is all true then there should be ZERO welfare.
Maybe corporate America will finally pay and respect the people actually doing the work instead of paying the CEOs Billions and the workers crumbs!
Because we need more money. Even those of us who are single living alone should be able to afford to live on their own and not need to have a roommate to live somewhere. People are tired of having to work 2 or more jobs just to live.
If you watch this segment and read the statistics, you'll find that the majority of the "quits" are being made by early retirees and professionals who are leaving one job and hiring into a job at a salary or location that better suits them.
I had quit my job because there is nothing to buy and  stuff I didn't need was starting to become  unaffordable.
Yet, I haven't been able to find a job for 2 years. I'm not a hospitality worker. I'm an educated marketing professional. I spent more than 15 years in school, working full time and raising kids. Was laid off from my contractor position in January 2020.
@9mins, perfect
The focus is always  on the workers but not the employers. They should evaluate not only how much they pay, but how employers  treat their employees. Workers should  not be treated like 'cogs in a giant churning machine.'
Woman was deprived of their creativity in the workforce. It would be wise that they continue to stay out of the workforce. It is an enslavement system to the reproductive organs....
Why would a person need to do interviews about this subject? They are quitting because the conditions are much worse, they are being rewarded less and less for their work, and they see no future in it. It is an entirely rational decision.
Think of it as a kind of union lol… Ya know, the thing companies in America hate. Was it ever really a problem in the first place for big execs to give up their bonuses to compensate the workers better, with the mindset that the workers are the ones making those bonuses possible in the first place? I like that the great resignation is forcing actual change in the way livelihoods are managed. Just imagine if everybody resigned from being forced to pay unlawful taxes that fund all kinds of ungodly things. This shows that the power in this nation indeed resides among the people.
That’s how you guys ended off  the video lol
More pay less B.S
Definitely people are tired if the corporate control. Stupid staff meetings office politics spending money on wardrobe babysitting a reliable car lunches to make gasoline and being watched at all times by everyone. Rigid work schedule shall i go on?
I love working from home. Not interested in going back to the office, I used to hate the morning commute and that 2 or 3 toxic co-workers who hate their lives projecting pain on everyone else. I’m free now 🙏🏾😁🤷🏻‍♂️ I would never take an office based job again!
Bull
Yeah, ill never go back to an office and if I cant have the time off I need ill get a different job that will. But ill work incredibly hard for it.
Hahaha about time people woke up.
Damn I'm in the wrong work field lol
This story and the next were overwhelmingly black. It's obvious the media are trying to shove their wokeness down our throats -- now even 60 Minutes. Your bigotry against whites, and especially white males, is going to backfire.
theyre quitting  bc NFTs....
May💙 God❤ Be 🧡With💚 Everyone ❤Always🧡 Much 💜Love Blessings 💛Always ✌ 💯 🌈 🎇 🌐 💛💛💙💙💙❤❤❤❤
Peace💚 and 💛Blessings ❤Too🧡 My💜 Brothers💛 May ❤God🧡 Bless💜 Everyone❤ Always 💙May God 💜Bless💛 Everyone 🧡Richly with 💚everything💛 they🧡 need Always 💛Much ❤Love💙 Blessings💛 Always ✌ 💯 🌈 🎇 🌐 💚💚💚💚💜💜💛❤❤💛💜💜💛💛💛
For me it was a lack of affordable health care that prompted my early retirement in May 2020. I was employed by the public schools for many years and the health insurance provided to me by the public schools had a deductible that was nearly $5000 and $2000 out of pocket. I was drowning in medical bills and to me the only answer was to retire at the age of 62, my SS and TR together still put me below the poverty line which made me eligible for Medicaid in my state. It was instant relief. I could finally go see a doctor without worrying about bills. Now I can't afford to buy groceries. lol
Need a follow up story on how people are leaving toxic companies because they treat their employees like indentured servants.
I quit my job two years before the pandemic. I bought a motorcycle and started delivering food for Doordash.
Fake News low pay
Pay people a liveable wage  Give hours and schedules that make sense Don't fight against your employees, they are your team. Provide benefits Make sure the supervisors and managers are not awful to the employees. Nobody wants to come to work at unhappy place to work for someone else's benefit all day, all week, all month, all year long.  Show employees that you value them and their work
Wait just wait food shortages no money or not enough won't get you bye quite smilling your not going to make it just wait it will be here 6 months
All 3 colleges this woman political activist went to promote Marxism. The main reason people are not working is because the Biden Marxist Regime is paying them not to work.  60 Minutes is part of the Marxist Mockingbird Media. WAKE UP Sheep, we are under siege by a Marxist Regime.
It’s all fake. Every interview I went to, the people doing the interview always tell me they have hundreds of candidates and they will call me if I got the job. I never get that call. It’s been the same story the whole year! Labor shortage? More like a shortage of common sense and leadership
The owner of the company that I just quit, after over 12 years, described us as a safe haven for people who don't want to wear masks. That attitude was a big part of why I quit. Also, this pandemic has changed people. A lot of people are meaner and nastier than before. And lots of us learned other skills and can now support ourselves remotely without being corporate wage slaves.
As usual the media promotes the interests of billionaires. Way to go 60 minutes.
Why work when I can sell farts in a jar on onlyfans
The confusion stems from a lack of a critical analysis of the dynamics of neoliberal capitalism itself. To get ahead in this system almost requires ownership; wage labor is never enough for a secure, affordable life (e.g., guaranteed education, healthcare, housing). So while the quit rate is up, new business applications have soared. But eventually these new owners will cut costs for more profit, suppressing wages and raising prices.  We need to think carefully about how to end this cycle. But that requires using dirty words like "communism" or "socialism" and making good policy choices such as guaranteeing healthcare, housing, and education for every citizen. Americans aren't ready for that. We're too divided to entertain even the most straightforward of solutions.
answer to the last lady: You are wrong. There will be colleagues, where you can make friends, get fresh coffee, receive millions of non-verbal messages. On short: human interactions. You will miss them. My measures is that when you are in office you are most probably 3 times efficient than online. that is the speed you are going to miss.
Restaurant owners are the worst
Why are people quitting jobs in America? Simple- they are being over worked and underpaid for the hours that they do! No sick pay, no decent holiday pay.... lack of healthcare... bad managers! Finally the workers know their worth!
This what happens when you force mandates.  Why don’t you tell the truth and tell everyone the reason, like getting fired for not taking the shot.
all job categories having to deal with the public, go figure
A dollar paid to endure abuse is a dollar less paid to produce.
I'm an accountant in Johannesburg, South Africa. I need these online jobs. Can someone please help me with the name of the company she works? I only heard Work... I did not get the rest of the name, it sounded like Workspeed.
Because pay sucks.. employers lie. It's all about profit and not people. Ask Musk his thoughts. He has more money than god. We have crumbs
odious mgm  wage discrepancy and elite bonuses excess pay for the top 1%.
Everyone is trying to be something there not playing rolls for a paycheck lust and lies is the real boss truth is getting rush to emergency 💯...
These reporters and the people being interviewed are like kindergarten children. And they want us to be children.
Thanks to the pandemic Employment pay the employees think there worth more then they really are cut off all Government aid and watch the herd run to employers when there tummy rumbles!
Proving once again Gen X doesn't exist .....
You notice how they never talk about how Frontline workers were treated during the lockdowns I work through all the lockdowns why people sit at home unemployment twice as much money as I was working I was doing double work to serve them people during a lockdown with no with no raise making the same world wage during a deadly pandemic I couldn't quit my job I was forced to work cuz if I would have quit my job I wouldn't have got unemployment benefits
Karin hit the nail on the head! I will not live to work ever again!
To me it is the lack of respect and abuse of power by management and pay because people realize that why should take peoples crap if I make more money on unemployment. And workers realize that they have an opportunity to do better for themselves and there families
hire the hardworking north koreans. They r very strong and dedicated. Give them a chance.
3.9 percent unemployment???
Thinking about retirement myself.
During a pandemic on unemployment I was making double. Why would anybody go back to make less money. I was able to pay off some bills, put money into savings. Companies are in the business of making profit why not the regular person.
Dont forget the blatant nepotism that invades most employers. If you work your way up in many different industry/companies youll quickly realize that at some point in the hierarchy of the company you reach family watching out for family. Ive experienced this many different times in my career.
Buley  at its best
only interviewed employers not employees?? shameless.
Open the borders with other countries and all those positions will be filled for less than a week. If someone problem is the happiness I want to remind there are million of people starving to death
I certainly understand the dilemma we are presently in...as an employer for over 50 years, I have seen, first hand, the evolutionary development as to why we are in this present condition. Typically, as shown in this "documentary" is how employees are routinely underappreciated or "abused". What was NOT discussed, and rarely is...due to journalisms' ignorance, is the impact of "benefits" and "flexibility" on a company's bottom line. As a small business, I was routinely priced out of the employment market by employers such as government who could offer a cornucopia of  "benefits" that I could not afford. And when you consider that "benefits" are actually treated as entitlement; that is you owe me this or that, it became ever more difficult to remain competitive in the industries we attempted to serve and still make a profit. In particular, the younger the worker, the more entitled their attitudes were...I had my workforce almost demand unlimited PTO (personal time off)...when asked what that meant, I was answered with a shrug of the shoulders. Given that, due to Covid, so much work is now done remotely, how, as an employer, do you maintain a cohesive team spirit? How do you allow a "flexible" workplace where virtually nothing is accomplished? And how do you price your product or service at a level that allows the company to remain competitive and provide for growth and still offer an associate what they demand and probably deserve? I'd be happy to pay my associates six figures, with unlimited time off, 100% healthcare, child care, and paid time off whenever they desired it...tell me... how do I charge $50 for a cheeseburger and be open 3 hours a day, 2 days per week?
Good for them. Most workplaces are horrible.
Its because of the mandates and everything else under the sun before it i don't mind working but mask mandates and vaccine mandates are pushing me away from working not to mention if you get paid more or the same sitting at home why should anyone work 🤷
As someone who "dropped out" of the labor market and started a freelance career years before the Great Resignation, this new trend is an idea whose time has been coming for a long time now. When I worked for other companies, I used to hear my superiors say things like, "if you don't like it here then just leave. I can replace you in 10 minutes," or "You're a dime a dozen." Now, employers can't say that anymore. They are finding that they can't replace workers so easily any longer. I don't know how long this trend will last but I hope we don't go back to how things were 20-30 years ago when employers told applicants, "take it or leave it." People no longer want to be just cogs of the state; they want the state to work for them.
I’m still living off my stimulus from 2020. Y’all got nothing on me.
The company I work for has taken working from home to a new level. We now hire people that are in completely different countries, simply because if they are working from home...it doesnt matter what counrtry their home is in.   We have colleagues in Spain, Singapore, Canada, Kenya...and why not.  I think the next phase will be exporting jobs oversees from high wage countries to lower wage countries, the time difference is the only limit
And ya talk about better pay...lmao doesn't help with the cost of living going up to match. Doesn't help to pay more if we are having to spend more
Look who’s President.
B.S., all of the "for hire" hype is propaganda.
What a waste of 13 minutes. People are sick of giving away the majority of there lives, to only get paid enough to barely live, with no promising future in sight. We are the most well off country in the world, while 60% of people live check to check. That's why people are quiting, they are asking what is the point
She sound happy to tell the interviewer everyone quiting
Sure when they have no money to achieve those goals they will be back to work. But I will say this employees and employers need to change their attitudes. Employers need to be more fair and some employees need to learn that you can't be lazy and expect to get paid for it.
THE END OF MODERN DAY SLAVERY !
Biggest losses in retail and hospitality, the two top places where people suffer abuse from customers.
They also do understand that we have roughly a million less “workers” since they died from Covid in this country, right?? 1 million employees is A LOT of jobs, just sayin’.
Really all of these people quit their jobs? what are they doing for cash? I'm not buying it, maybe some may have found other work, but how many did Covid take out (died)? these service base and jobs where people come in contact with a high volume of other people are where they're short of workers, but this is a good narrative they're telling
Unfortunately I can't swing a hammer from home and get paid for it. 😫😩
Time to cross the border, Vaminos amigos!
Nothing wrong with quitting for better opportunities.  Isn't that what people want?
Balance of power, workers are truly in drivers seat.
It’s P A Y. 60 minutes is so out of touch with reality not mentioning this
The Robert kawasaki effect. If everyone wants to be boss...who is going to be the employee?
Better pay????? This "jobs" you are talking about do not pay enough for people to make a living...... rent for a 2 bedroom here in Richmond va is $1,300 a month. If you had to make 3 times that to qualify.... you would need to bring in $3,900 a month. Thats closer to 50k a year salary not $14 an hour. People have learned to make money for ourselves trying to keep a roof over our head..... and by the way I have been trying to change jobs for almost a year. I send put 15 resumes, and never hear anything back but indeed sends me notifications for jobs at fast food. Pack your own Fing  lunch I'm not a burger flipper. .....
We live in highly sensitive, lazy and entitled times. People are quitting their jobs because the unemployment benefit is enough to keep them afloat. When my parents worked the fields in this country and were exhausted and dissatisfied with their wage, they worked on their own skill set to climb their way up better job opportunities and were nothing but grateful for job opportunities. A break and a government handout wasn’t an option. Now two little active retired old people with assets.
1 word biden
Millions of ppl quit rather than sign up for the injection subscription.
Most ppl don't need two jobs anymore. The people that are working are still getting treatment by customers. Black customers don't tip, and if you don't serve them fast enough they accuse you of racism. The Trump machine by keeping the illegals from coming over taking away good amount of work force.
Interesting to see a lot of people leaving Chicago and SF where draconian lockdown measures are in place and where crime is not punished, to go to libertarian places like Miami and Texas, the land of the free with fantastic mayors, governers and opportunity!
The real reason that Americans are quitting their jobs? Because they are not going to bow down to the alter of jabbo.
That guy in construction was bragging that the company double it's revenue every year...why the journalist didn't ask him if the workforce had it's revenues doubled too?
Sounds like people are getting on the right track putting their families first and employers are getting owned. Employers have been abusing people since the big crash of 2008 and now they will get it back and hard in their face
They did not rush back to work. Yes they rushed back to unemployment with a different complication something like oh I can’t work around people that have this or people that have around that and unemployment gave them their benefits back. PS we work for unemployment. I see people coming every day with different problems why they can’t work and we give them Covid pay no matter what
I really liked how everyone in this episode were intelligent, educated black folks. I want to watch more of this
...also, this pandemic provided an opportunity to change professions or just as they say above in video, quit to think about what my life is and do something different. Without the pandemic, many of those millions would just carry on as they were just dreaming about changing or whatever, many grabbed this opportunity to actually do what they've always thought of doing now.
American society is rotten and corrupt. People are fed up with dictators. Provide health and welfare.
Funny how no one has mentioned covid as being a major reason. With schools shut down, what are parents and single parents supposed to do? And inflation and shortages due to lockdowns and stimulus payments just make ppl have to work more and more after already getting burnt out working thru the whole pandemic. The ppl that left aren't coming back. 😒 duh Edit: and there's gonna be alot more when these mandates pass.
Pay your workers their worth in labor
I worked for a company for 16 years they’ve recently taken away our pension we still have a 401(k) but 401(k) is mostly the employee contributing a pension was where the company gave money once a year they do not offer these benefits and they take them away and they expect to keep good employees people look at this job that I have now is just another job
It's easy to see, wild how people play dumb.. My parents paid 850/mo for a 2bd house with a back yard and everything in a good area (and not a small town, that was 650 but also a duplex), where I started at 8-9something/hr. Now those are what, 1300-1500 same area, jobs start you at 12.32? And no raises, so... rent more or less doubled while wages went up $3 or $4 per hour. And if you do anything customer-facing, yeah it really does seem like they got worse since the pandemic. I think it might be more like the only people going out to eat are the ones who treat others like crap and the good ones are ordering delivery and takeout and stuff. But also everywhere is busier and idk if it's because of reduced hours still + places did permanently close, or if there's more of the awful ones out just out of spite, or if the same ones are just coming every day. Whatever it is, retail or food or hotel or it doesn't matter. If you work with random customers it's gotten weird.  I'm fine with my pay as a server tbh I'm just sick of this new thing where they want us to be working 8-12hr shifts when it used to be a job where they were fine giving less hours. Sorry I don't need 40hrs per week? It's like they get mad and don't hire me out of spite because I won't also be a line cook for $12/hr lol. Don't turn down filler employees who only need a few short shifts per week and then whine about scheduling being hard/not being able to hire.
Lol that woman had no idea why people are leaving San Francisco and Chicago
And not one mention of people not wanting to be forced to take a vaccine as a reason for ppl leaving their job.....🤷‍♂️ great reporting 👏
Looks like we may need some of those immigrants that Republicans said we’re taking our jobs.
I have worked from home since 2001.  It's the best. Now I see my clients doing the same with their employees. They are finding their productivity is the same if not better.  Just imagine the amount of stress removed from your life, just by not spending that 1-2 hrs commuting.  People are finding out.
May God raise and bless us in this new frontier! 🙏💗🙏
Only fans is the real reason, these women ain't going back. If you can get it take it
Why doesn’t anyone mention the grossly understated number of the Jobs report. People that don’t find work in a give time frame fall off the report and are not counted at a point. The number should be way higher.   It’s time for it to be worth it to work for companies.
Notice how they only broadcast the perspectives of a certain class of people. In this story they interview: 1 Executive, 2 Business Owners, & 1 Assistant who herself admits her partner makes enough money that she didn’t have to work. Not one interview of someone who works in retail or hospitality despite those being the key industries with the most resignations. Do the working class perspectives not matter? Why exclude them? It’s almost as if the news made by the comfort class, for the comfort class.
In Europe, where there is national health care and other social safety nets, they are not having these issues. Why? Could it be that people are able to establish their own businesses and create an environment they enjoy working in instead of the grind of American job life?
I just watched a news segment that was on CNN last year.  An employer sent the final paycheck of an ex-employee who quit, all in greasy pennies, dumped on his driveway.  This is what is driving employees to quit.  If employers treat employees like crap that they feel they can replace anytime they want, what do employers expect?  I'm not going to mention a previous employer I had by name, but it was a major company.  After they hire you, it was all just trying to figure out how to fire you.  They did eventually terminate me, after a witch-hunt.  I did my own legal wrestling after that to get even with them. I did collect monetary damages, but I really think the employer didn't care.  It's just another cost of being in business, and they just continued the same crap with remaining employees.
Why? People don't want yo get the unnecessary jab!
That telling  the RICH to treat people  better  pay them enough  to have a DREAM  not just  pay check  to  pay check  ,without  the poor  you will ever be RICH  👿
But they still refuse to hire and train millions of young black men in America
Because they think they are rich with their over-priced home refinanced.
Can 60 Minutes do a story of how companies are not as interested hiring perm employees instead hire contractors on W9?  Many contractors are burned out over agencies getting away with no sick time, PTO, vacation time, either bare minimum or no health insurance. Why are contractors not considered agency employees who earn benefits?
I'm into the display of blackness in these interviews. I love this for us. And I love that the American people are starting to see they have all been duped. These rich people get richer while you struggle and work multiple jobs. Stand up and rebel! The revolution will be televised.
Wondering why tax slaves are quitting their jobs. Lmao !
Employers are eager to hire lol.
I hope never to go back to office work
Shut up 😂😂😂😂
"The workers will run back when they deplete their savings". That is savage!
Oh could it be they're trying to mandate jabs and masks and the government is offering them more to stay home and the IRS is calling burglary a form of income now? Hmm...
not working to make others rich pay me a wage that allows me to live
It is quite simple actually. All of us that suddenly got the label essential realized how valuable we are.  If we weren't treated as such then we said F it.  All those jobs that are stereotypically looked at as just for high school and college kids have become full-time jobs for many in low-income neighborhoods.  There are other options out there and those jobs are quickly going away and CEOs can't find people to fill those jobs at the rates they want to pay.  One of the most recent improvements on this entire debacle is in New York City.  Whenever employers advertise jobs they need to advertise the low end and high end of the salary to be paid.  No more try out interviews going in week after week or month after month to only find out the job pays crap.
Yeah CBS, America KNOWS we are burnt out.
I resigned from my job 2021. Great choice! Who wants to work for company’s who over stretch your contract to “do the job until the job is done” …. working overtime hours and weekends for no overtime pay; the “generous salaries” just don’t reflect on my health! I am now completely relaxed, focussed and enjoying a simple, structured productive day around the things I want to achieve!
🤣 She's like "Who can explain what's happening" LOL everyone except the trust fund oligarchs 😂
No mention of age demographics which is weird. The 2020 Census provides good, clear cut, insight here! The population as a whole is aging out of working years and there's less younger workers to replace them. Also couple this with decreased immigration (I can't imagine why people don't feel comfortable immigrating to USA - it's very odd). Plus, older workers who were working past retirement age finally retiring. Remember - 401K value is mostly tied to the stock market. Folks were hit hard by the 2008 crash and deferred retirement because their 401k took a big hit! When stock market recovered, these people probably cashed out.
I'm sure forcing employees to get "vacinnated" has nothing to do with it!  And LOL to the Biden voters who are now complaining about low wages and no job growth. Incredibly hilarious
Did you hear what he said?!"we improved our revenue ". Do they pay their workers a comparable wage? We workers make the balance sheet grow but we're not being paid what we give to our employer
How is a gen z burnt out? Just lazy!
yikes all of the office drones are leaving.
I still don't understand what all these people are doing for money?
Let’s quit paying taxes too!!!!
in the past the husband could support his family now husband and wife need to work to have a less quality life style, explain that ????
There are lots of jobs, no job security. Who wants to work 3 jobs and come out even? Retire into poverty?
The virus and these go nowhere jobs. Sure, that's enticing, ridiculous. It's the 80s again, lots of shifty jobs
We are the Modern day slavery and people are getting tired of it.
The people are waking up.
The main reason is a lack of respect. Employers know that employees fear unemployment after death. But work is not worth it when an employee is treated badly.
Corporate greed. Simple as that. Minimum wage hasn't been federally increased from $7.25 in how long now?? We just printed off an insane amount of money in 2020 which has further diluted the American dollar. Compounded with the rate of inflation and it's not that hard to figure out. The rich get richer and the poor stay poor. They don't want to pay? We don't have to work.
The best places to look for the answers is the hospitals across the country. The new variant is burning thru the population at large and working is second to protecting life.
Sounds like we need to focus on being kind to each other in all our interactions.
Over worked & underpaid, period.
Sense the Government / President is Demanding the we get vaccinated, how about removing protections for Big Pharma so  they can be sued for drugs that have not been time tested. How about stoping Bill gates and big tech from investing in vaccine drugs.
This is a sign of employers treating employees as disposable. Pay being stagnant for all but a few leaders. meanwhile leadership compensation soars and they increasingly treat their subordinates worse
It's time to pay up
I’m not working for less than I feel I’m worth. For anyone
Not happy?! Protest on dc?! U are terrirests!
It's the drag on mental and emotional health. As a server for over 8 years, I am scared of failing in my business and having to return to that toxic environment. Regardless making almost 6k a month,I still prefer barely braking 1k just to be free of that nightmare. The toxic environment at work spills out and affects all the other areas of my life.
Well speaking for myself only,  I've worked for 40 years and not once have I ever received anything for free.  Meanwhile I've watched others whom never worked receive government money for housing,  food, health care,  remodeling their homes, free higher education and free daycare.  Unfair to say the least. Feed up with our unfair system of taking from the employed and giving to the unemployed.
I see this as a peaceful peasant revolt. That’s pretty amazing. Have we ever seen that in history?
I qualified for many jobs yet cannot work anywhere due to over sanitizing and over disinfecting chemicals in public places. Am willing to work but cannot even go into a restaurant ,bus,school,doctor's office .... in short anywhere public . Was at a funeral church service and had to leave because I could feel my skin and respiratory system burning  . Stop overusing chemicals. People are unknowingly getting sick from it. All these chemicals  ( mixed with society's panic and paranoia) used incorrectly will be the subject of our own demise.   It affects / lessens our immune system.....therefore spread is quicker.  Stay safe and healthy.
Wow I think I can unsubscribe now from this channel av never had such a dishonest conversion.
Because of the vaccination mandate and the realization thay u r disposableby your employer! It's that simple.
40 hours a week became 70 hours a week with unpaid OT
they are not paying real money
When your government gave away billions to taliban, took all the illegles for free meals, why people work like hors to pay the tax
Wow. Way to smile and miss the point
I wish a journalist would ask one of these employers complaining that they can't find any workers because of unemployment, if they themselves received a PPP loan to subsidize their own wages during the pandemic.
And still you'll have that one family member that mooches off of everyone telling you that "no one's hiring right now".
I bout ready to quit mine all the risk with no reward. I work a dangerous job. I'd take a $5 less an hour job to do something I love. Just got to get a house first. My wife makes $20 as a 3rd shift gas station cook & I make $26 as a lead Industrial Refrigeration Mechanic. Companies aren't willing to raise their wages to keep up with inflation.
Pat them a living wage and they'll work.
I quit my serving job and am asking myself what would make me go back... And I can't say. Maybe triple  the income. Now I have started my own dog training, walking and boarding business Though I I'm not making as much I still prefer this because it is not a drag on my emotional and mental health like serving was. I assume all the other jobs that are being left have the same negative impact on the workers' emotional mental and spiritual health. Hope this was helpful or insightful.
It’s being treated like garbage by customers, managers, supervisors, no benefits, horrible hours, no PTO, holiday pay, the list goes on. The American workforce is over it.
the oligarchy wont understand until we start eating their children
Pay, work benefits, & conditions are so horrible and tyrannical, people would rather take a chance of missing a few bills to find new careers or start there own business...
The Spanish flu only lasted two years before It mutated into the regular flu, they put a name on it then they sell it.
The Spanish flu only lasted two years before It mutated into the regular flu they put a name on it then sell it.
the government is paying thier bills there is a lot of fraud going on in the inner city
Stop paying people that have kids and they will go back to work.
Johnny Paycheck….”Take this job and shove it”. There is a huge cheap labor force for construction industry migrating from Central and South America.
Labor shortage is a lie
money is one issue but it is not enough. 1) is the level of the pay adequate for the job? 2) how are the working relationships?  people are realising that their lives are more valuable than their jobs
Here's an example. Imagine being a loyal employee for years (who doesn't call off) and then someone who isn't on the approved list dies but was close to you (friend, extended family member, etc).   If you want a day to grieve you have to call off, and, most employers discipline you for that (some tie part of your wages to it, such as an attendance bonus you lose for the week because you missed a day). That's a huge demotivator to wanting to stay when you know that not only will your employer respond that way but most will punish you for being human.   It's not the only issue, just an example of the type of thing that quite a few of us seem to be valuing these days. We're human and shouldn't be punished for what we are.
I have worked in a coal mine for 35 years at the  same place .they pay fair wage. They hire ten young people on Monday nine quit before Friday. Young people are lazy want a partipation Check for no to little effort
Never be loyal to anything that isn't loyal to you. That includes a job.
Anyone notice he said we've doubled our revenue.  What I didn't notice or maybe forgot to mention was we've also increased our pay to our employees.
I had to leave my job of almost 5yrs due to Mr. Potato Head's 🤡 "mandates". My employer went full commando 🐑 implementing 💉's rules, mandatory CRT training, and adding extra tasks/workload to our job. I strongly believe this is another reason why we are seeing shortages across industries where 💉 are mandatory (no 💉, no work), but the current administration and the f@ke news media are suppressing that information.
Can't imagine what the numbers would be if the US had universal healthcare.  So many more that are working for medical coverage would quit or work for themselves.
Y’all also keep talking about savings what savings
There is NO situation in which I'd ever go back to restaurants. Didn't have health insurance for most of that time, worked 60 hour weeks to only get paid for 40, ruined my back and shoulders and hands... and for what? 13 years, down the drain. I'm happier doing part-time in a dispo right now than I ever was as a chef
not sure a person that spent so much time nowhere near the people quitting  Stanford   Oxford CEO a LIinkden  I think kinda out of touch but has good data and can speculate on why. BUT SO CAN I. I think I've been interacting with the people leaving. Not a good report
Because no one care for the people, Americans are the most hardworking people I’ve ever seen in my life as someone from Africa. People here work so hard but don’t see any positive impact in their life, I can’t complain because of where I’m from here is far better than back home, I’m a truck driver and I’m always see the maximum force truckers putting in this economy yet they get treated like useless people. This treatment comes their own employers, warehouse Associates and DOT.
They are wrong ive seen alot businesses go out of business do to covid restrictions its not that they quitting they losing businesses all together. Ive personally applied for jobs an no calls hardly
Childcare is a problem. Tbh no one seems to care about it. It doesn't pay enough and is short on staff. And mothers cannot leave the home since they must tend to their kids. This worsens labor shortage
Another issue they didn’t discuss are the algorithms that filter out good candidates. That has been a huge issue.
The Pandemic has forced people to re prioritize.Life is short no need to deal with difficult people and jobs that do not get you to where you want.
I think people are tired of being treated like crap. We've been told that these companies practically own you because they pay you a wage. In our culture, work is more important than friends, family, life interests, goals. I think people are having enough, especially those that work minimum wage and get treated subhuman.
Did not talk about toxic work places, did not mention rising cost of rent,... Waste of time.
That not true, I don't receive unemployment or benefits from the Government. I didn't go to college I did trade school. Build my money up early and started a side business online. I don't have my money in the same places where everybody else have there money. So, I could live out this pandemic for at least 2 decades maybe more
Lol he called a prospective hire EVERY DAY for 2 MONTHS  to lure him in 🤣
I left my last employment not just because my father needs help taking care of till his passing, but because of the way I was treated by my last superior up until the last day of my employment... all of a sudden, monetary sustainability is just not enough... and when was that? 15 years ago!!! now as the Big Quit made itself known in 2021 as a result of the pandemic, people are now seeing in their isolation, during the lockdown, their true self worth in the eyes of their employers... they have found courage in refusing and leaving their employment even at the cost of losing vital income... Toxic work place behavior & environments are to blame for this... no matter  what the employment package & signing bonus companies & employers offer, if there's no chances to offer life balances & flexibility along with their lucrative job packages, workers will just keep looking elsewhere...
More work less pay
You doubled your revenue year after year but did you also double the workers pay? I think I know the answer....
people wanna get paid more money and rent is way to expensive they cant afford it! people wanna live comfortably just like the wealthy people!
If you are getting paid $7.25 and quit a job, you will have another job offering $7.25 the same day. These companies need to pay better
NEVER SAY HUNTER BIDEN ON C-SPAN
PUPPET OF CHINA 🇨🇳
C-SPAN WASHINGTON JOURNAL DEMOCRAT OPERATIVES PROTECTING CHINA 🇨🇳 JOE AND HUNTER
I've said for years the US is over-worked. The reason why we as a nation are so unhealthy is because we are over-worked. Working more than 50 hours a week leads to burn-out and has been proven to be unproductive
LinkedIn is trash. It’s become another Facebook full of political and personal posts that have no business being on a career platform.
The fact that y’all keep asking the same questions is beyond me
His new hire started Monday most likely didn’t finish the week. So many new hires find new employment with better pay right after they start.
This is just an unbelievable example of lazy reporting.
I worked hard for one company 13 years, in return boss did not give me his respect to me, and i did not have time to take care my parents. At last, what value of life i received from hard work?.
No companies want to pay more with inflation. Cost of living is up but jobs are not paying more. Sign on bonuses are not paid immediately like many jobs promote.  My job told me I'd be given a $3,500 sign on bonus and here it is 3 months later and still no sign on bonus. Companies are lying to get workers and this is why no one wants to work
Wait, I thought we had a a problem of " them damn illegals" taking our jobs...... Figured that out real quick huh.
People know their worth and they are seeking something more substantive. I see more and more people downsizing their lifestyles and monetizing their talents. I applaud all folks who are choosing themselves.
Those signing bonuses are bs most jobs want you to work 2-3 month a before they even give it to you
Has anybody compared the statistics to mandatory vaccinations in the areas and the specific field of employment?
It's a greedy CEO problem.  When corporations are reporting record profits and not even giving annual raises that match inflation, of course people aren't going to have any loyalty!  It works both ways
How are thy getting the money to pay for rent, mortgage and student loan? Govt. funding can’t cover all expenses.
Americans have got lazy plain and simple
People are quitting there jobs because they are lazy and would rather big government take care of them then actually get out and work.
All this is do too Biden's policy,s, many educated don't want to be vaccinated
Employees are sick of being considered and treated like expenses on the balance sheet. Other than public service jobs, nobody expects to get hired and have a 30 years career anymore. Corporations broke that contract of trust long ago.
Here in the DFW area of Texas, there have been numerous cases where people are sleeping with management like heads of companies to survive because they get better pay or promotion opportunities for sleeping around. Especially in the airport business.
I JUST WALKED OUT RIGHT BEFORE MY BREAK LAST WEDNESDAY AND I WAS THE #1 SALES GUY IN MY REGION!
Vaccine requirement.
Never believe what you are hearing! Lies and more lies it's a trap ! They are making way to plug in all those afghans and illegal immigrants that they are bringing . And the reason will be that we do not want to work so they have no choice but ! Lies these people are getting money to start their lives houses at low cost ! When we have to pay high rent and food
When you are not payed a  aliveable wage the WTF attitude comes out.
Sure as heck cant be for unemployment. You can't survive on the crumbs from the state and if you are able to get it at all. So many people that were left hanging out to dry by their state due to overtaxed unemployment websites among other issues. You also can't survive on crumbs from employers. Workers will also not go back to employers that they feel tossed them out on the street. Some people lost homes, cars, etc.... People being picky?  As they should be. People should be selective on the place the will be spending the majority of thier lives in.  Employers are picky as well. They have an interview process to select the employees that will be a fit for their business.  People need income but people also need to ensure that the job they apply for is a job they will be a fit for AND will also take care of them/family when hard times come. If not, people may do the work for a short time and leave.
People are tired of going to work and having the stress of working with mentally unstable coworkers with no support from greedy owners.  Also, there are no solid benefits.  The carrot in front of the horse is so damn meniscule, people rather have less and just be happy again.
I love this piece... I feel so deeply stuck in a rat race with my job, I don't have time to study for school at least not right now because my job is so mentally demanding... I need help and motivation to leave...
So love this segment!! Showcasing smart and wonderful women (and men) living their dreams 💙💙💙 #Worxbee
Because they have found a way to get government benefits for a longer time. Everyone needs to pay bills, or they are still living with their parents.
Somebody has to stay home with their kids when schools decide to shut down. What other options do they have? The Left wants to pretend it's because they have better options which is laughable.
The choosiness is actually on both sides. I live in Miami and just graduated with my Bachelor's Degree in Healthcare Administration. I can't even get an interview because I do not have the experience. I have over 20 years of retail experience and 12 years of managerial experience. It apparently isn't enough. It's all about who you know here.
I didn’t hear anything about vaccine mandates and mask mandates. Seems to me that would be a thing.
During the height of the pandemic I helped several dozen people with maintaining and filing their unemployment every week. Many of them still have not returned to work and have placed the burden on their families for a place to live while they do Uber eats at night and pocket all the money and pay no bills. Don’t fall for the hype that these folks are all of a sudden becoming successful entrepreneurs overnight. Hard work and sacrifice is still the name of the game and 2022 is taking zero prisoners.
That's the Biden economy for you. People do not want to be forced to take a vaccination that was created during the Trump administration.
The same jobs that are vacant were vacant before the pandemic,It’s a curious thing,Saying the big quit,It’s more like jobs never filled
Someone when explaining the port congestion in US claimed that the jobs available pay US$10 per hour, whereas the Government is giving US$8 per hour if you don't work! So why work?
I have for years hoped for the downfall of America.  Not to a vast waste land by nukes everywhere...but economic destruction and obliteration of the most awful nation on the planet.  The corporations need to be destroyed.  The nation needs to be completely rebuilt. This nation went from slavery based on race .to slavery by poverty and exploitation.   "F" you America.
For me it's that mask requirement that deters me.
billionaires are hoarding all the cash and stealing from their employees. who wants to work for THEM! come on 60 minutes.
Speaking as someone who couldn't get hired Anywhere after graduating from school using my post 9-11 gi bill.  I love watching over privilege entitled management humbled in this  pandemic era. Shoes on the other foot it was why should we hire you now it's why should I work for you.
There is no social contract. And there never was. A real contract can only occur when the situation is voluntary, but the vast majority of people are coerced to work under the threat of starvation and exposure to the elements. This is an evil system that must be overturned immediately.
I had one corporate job.  I wanted to shoot myself every day.  I'd rather starve to death than work in an office.
Nah sorry babe, we're not trying to find "what makes our heart sing," We're quitting because inflation and we need more money!
And so what do most of these people do for money? Sponge from their parents?
I thought if you quit, you can’t claim unemployment to get a government check.   How are people quitting and still able to pay their bills?
Treat your people better they might stay.
2 years ago people were shaming me for saying I'd rather stay home and collect unemployment than work for a place that pays less. Now people have woken up and realized, oh, yeah, it IS better to be at home seeing your family instead of wasting gas money commuting each day to go to a job that you hate and that doesn't pay you well.
What I find crazy is that there are workplaces where you have to lower your head when you get insulted and keep saying "I am sorry". Like what?!?! That makes no sense! I, for one, work in a place like that and I can't stand it. I believe this can be a big reason why people quit their jobs too.
#TheGreatResignation #JobsAreForRobots #HumansAreForLiving
Oh wow, I wonder why.. Could it be the tyrannical covid vaccine mandates.  Only enquiring minds want to know.
Flexibility is KEY! I am mid 50’s and have less energy and health issues that I didn’t have 15-20 years ago. That doesn’t mean that I can’t do my job very well. I am very hopeful with the younger generations not putting up with crap from employers. Hopefully this changes the entire landscape!
Honestly I feel like 1 of the biggest things if definitely salary. Example I used to work at a dealership the pay rate has been the same since like early 2000 but yet labor rate has doubled and keeps going up yearly yet people don't get raises.
Pay people what they are worth and quiet taking from workers to fill your own pockets rich get rich poor keep getting poorer God Bless USA!!!
Yes! The big quit to being sheep!
Great piece as usual for 60 minutes but they don't ask some of the key economic wage data questions. Have employers increased wages enough to provide basic housing and living expenses? The high rates of open positions featured in the article are sectors like hospitality and construction are those that have low wages. They're still not offering enough pay to rent an apartment and pay food and own a car. Those are the kind of hard data questions the LinkedIn economist could have answered but were glossed over. Most employers still don't want to invest in training and the employers want the ideal highest skilled most experienced applicants. Job application robots screen out many applicants based on questionable matching algorithms. For older workers, the Boomer early retirees mentioned in the article, healthcare costs are so astronomically high that employers won't look at them. Instead of asking those hard questions, the article focuses on the young, easily hireable, semi-skilled who are utilizing remote work. But there, hard questions are avoided. Does the young remote worker actually get a good 401k or other retirement plan? Or are they trading the convenience of piecework in the gig economy for real benefits?
unemployment is not generosity.
Companies do not take care of their current employees, there is no empathy, there is no increase, only rules are added either because of the pandemic or because of your sick child, you cannot stop missing work because they add points or take away vacations.  There is a lot of pressure from those in high positions
Nobody has figured it out yet. Nobody likes the workplace ATMOSPHERE 😕
Capitalism proved poisonous with its consistent selective-ignorance.
People leaving because of very TOXIC COWORKERS AND ENVIRONMENTS,  60  Minutes doesn't want to give their own workers any ideas, lol.
Pay better and treat the employees with respect and maybe they will stay.
Jobs still don't pay enough to offset inflation. Also, we're tired of being treated like serfs.  And by the way, omicron is not a serious threat. Can we stop pushing the panic, please?
Ok… first 30 seconds and it’s obvious these people have no idea what reality is. The wages haven’t increased other than for a few businesses, sign on bonuses are a joke and most employers don’t follow through or put too many caveats, “now hiring” signs doesn’t mean they are actually hiring people who apply, and the work conditions are so terrible that it’s not possible to work those jobs.
Where?!?!? Where is this at??? Seriously...I live in an area that would never pay more than minimum wage and 0 benefits and no bonuses whatsoever...so...im calling bs
I was born in 1961 and this country has only gone backwards in every way.  Journalism failed US.
It's not the Great resignation. It's high caliber job requirements. The one-man-army type of job.
IDK  maybe it's because having a "job" now doesn't get u anything anymore!!!!!! In this Country we don't have workers.  We have slaves
I completely understand working at home. I have the best PC money can buy. If I'm forced to go to the office I'm usually bound to a laptop sitting at a desk all day. It's slow, runs hot, and it's slow. Did I mention it's slow?  Just let me work at home, I've spent all this money on my craft, so let me use it.
It's not hard to understand that employees are tired of being fed crumbs by CO'S who take the whole entire pie. When the board members are getting million dollars bonuses on top of 7 figure salaries meanwhile employees are making $8 to $15 an hour and we are tired of seeing this inequality as the cost of living sky 🚀.
Need to talk more about blue collar workers who are watching all this happen and are thinking F U!!!!
The reason I quit  my job (house painter) is because  my boss  was taking  unemployment while working as she complained about people living off the system, taking  very minimum work when there's  work  to be done. But I  plan  on going  back, just  enjoying  my time off. And when  I  do  go back  I'll  be paid  $2 more per hour.
Where is the conversation about the firing of the unvaccinated? Those workers no longer qualify to be in the workforce, correct?
I love that every single person including myself who has worked retail tells the story, that we left because of a toxic work environment, abusive customers, abusive staff and management. But they're always like "why is everybody leaving? Life is so good for them, I only yelled a little? get a skilled job, go to college, JUST BUY MORE MONEY!"  I quit my retail job two months ago, started my own business and I have been so F-ing happy.
That woman has one of those voices where it sounds like she's going to cry any second
It's called 100 years of lies starting with the stock market crash  it as been 1 sh!t show after another tired of this crap I took early retirement  and you never get 1 more penny from me
Funny how alot of the exodus was from blue states to red, yet there was still unemployment in the red states? Makes me wonder what these people are doing after they move
Set short term and upper age limits for Congress and Executives and Secretaries now! Stop electing Jurassic professional politician's for a lifetime!!! Give us representation! Get corporations out of our business!!!
Employers are acting like it’s endentured service owed to them.       Pay more and respect your employees
Governments fault, shouldn't have ever locked down
The article itself was somewhat good however it seemed to be directed to those of color when it   concerns us ALL. I don't like the "r" word but this seemed to lean that way.
Everyone is tired of the toxic environment at work, the poor pay, long hours, lack of respect, abuse of power, like my last job before covid happened was my last straw. I did more $ than the other shift with less people, no injuries, everything your supposed to do right i did,, they gave my promotion to be supervisor to a guy i trained instead. No Raise nothing i trained my whole shift also they just fired me instead. Since i haven't gone back to that type of work anymore
The Karen lady from LinkedIn seems like the only Karen lady I'd ever listen to. 📡👽🇺🇸 RUN!!! She's a smart Karen. 😁
My dream is to leave my dreary overnight job and find a new life overseas. I'm tired of America and it's toxic workplace culture. I want to live. Buy some land out in Indonesia work as a digital nomad earn American wages in the middle of Java or Bali or something and just not worry about money every single week for the rest of my life.
They are the unsafe jobs so why not find something that you dont work that closely with people for the so called Virus aka 5G VIRUS Don't forget the the MANDATE that will make the difference
Treat them better, pay them properly.
Another first World, rich man probelm. The fact is that they are and they will soon get back to work. On the other hand, there are billions in the poor countries who are still starving because of  jobs lost to pandemic.
Well she forgot to mention that the American work space has turned into moder day slavery. People being forced to work multiple jobs for 50 years missing everything life has to offer so they can barely get by so they can later get an useless retirement check from the government and die. While on their death bed thinking i spent all my life working to make a rich person richer who I had to pay back my hard earned wage with bill dues so he could live the life i shouldve lived too. SLAVERY. People dont like it. Learn from the past America. Work to live, NEVER LIVE TO WORK. But hey Capitalism rocks right? You wanted it so now get Underpayed and get overtaxed.
It's real simple the people at the lower end of the scale have way too much money that was provided to them by the federal government thank you Joe Biden.  At the other end of the spectrum people who have saved their money and have a lot of it invested in the stock market because it has done so well it has increased their worth and and they are looking at it and saying I have enough now to retire.
“There is no office that can offer me what I have in my house.” Amen to that. Remote work is here to stay. Employers better get used to it.
wow, you managed to invite exactly one actual worker 😅 the rest are the kind of pricks who keep farting into chairs, the kind of people workers are staying away from. great journalism! 😄
I found a job I could do from home and it's much much better
If you have to ask, nothing anyone says will change your mind. You already think you know and will never change your opinion.
When jobs are few employers get rid of bad employees. When jobs are plentiful employees get rid of bad employers.  This is the way of the market. We are free to choose.
Along with the issues raised, it may be time for unions to organize more workers. This country propered when we had a strong labor movement, and, working people have suffered as the unions have been abandoned in the last forty years.
Yes, employees are in driver seat.
Wow, really meaningful comments, learned more from all the comments than the video on what's motivating people to quit. It aligns with the income gaps that have been occurring since the 1970's.  Currently, the gaps between average workforce and executives has been the largest since pre-WW2. The owners, executives are over paid, and the average workers are under paid, making the same, year and after year, when you figure in cost of living increases.  Average workers increase performance, and most goes to the executives, owners. These owners are trying to build dynasties by hoarding the money, so their grandchildren will never have to work.......it's a way of thinking that is terrible
Prices are going up and the pay is staying the same, when Biden wanted to raise the minimum wage to $15.00 an hour, they should have let him do it,
Instead of highlighting the stagnant wages, exhausted wage slaves, the fatigue of the pandemic, greed-laden working conditions and the want for a balanced well-lived life, they tried to say the workers have the “power.” A lot of cognitive disconnect and out-of-touch business owners. Shoddy boomer-bootlicking reporting.
60 Minutes= leftist government propaganda
I'm 69 years old baby boomer. I started working P/T when I was 12. I have a college degree and grew as the internet formed and many public and private companies increasingly use internet portals to apply for work. Many of them either do not work (eg USPS) or ask for work histories and other question that discriminate against the elderly. So I live off Social Security, EBT, and every benefit I can find online because I have the time to find them.
People are moving out of cities to get away from covid restrictions...
Where's the data of people quitting/resigning between states or big companies with or without vaccine mandates. Js
I assure you this is a paid piece for Workbee
I love how no one mentions the elephant in the room especially for the healthcare sector why people are quitting is be cause they are being force to take bullsht vaccines..hence why the rates has been the worst at the last quarter of 2021 when mandates  started rolling out strong  plus the whole face mask bullsht people dont want to deal with total government control any longer its so obvious..most people see the scam right before them and no longer want to be part of it..the rulers should of just well enough alone but they always want more ..
People are tired of working to make others rich. People are waking up.
Why is this some big mystery to Harvard grad economists all of the sudden? It's not that people don't want to work. People don't want to work for companies that consume their soul for poverty wages.
Instead of asking why are so many quitting, why don't you ask why are so few employers paying a wage that attracts and retains workers?
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful . Please peeps help me to make this 👆🏾go viral pls. God bless
PEOPLE ARE DYING EVERYDAY EVERY SECOND OF THE DAY ITS SAD 😥WE ARE SCARED OF DEATH WITH COVID N SOMEONE PUTTING A GUN TO ARE HEAD N PULLING THE TRIGGER ALL FOR A LIL BIT OF MONEY I WILL BLAME TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP 4 EVERYTHING
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful . Please peeps help me to make this 👆🏾go viral pls. God bless
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful . Please peeps help me to make this 👆🏾go viral pls. God bless
They are quitting because a BILLION PEOPLE WORLD WIDE HAVE DIED DUE TO THAT VIRUS! Nobody just quits their job when you got taxes, rent, and mortgage to pay.
Housing prices are a rip off.
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful
Please America help me. I want work pls.. any female American citizens pls help me.. I will be ever grateful
Trump: Bring back manufacturing jobs to US.....
The truth is we are tired of being slaves to the system that screws us over originally our homes ,clothes,food,and medicine were not supposed to be taxed.now everything is taxed including our paychecks properties vehicles clothing food and more ...wanna know why we don't wanna work? We are tired of supporting a government that thinks it owns us and everything we own. And tired of supporting welfare recipients and drug addicts all over the nation that aren't our problem
And I Just quit my job today. Reason: Toxic workplace
How about paying a living wage? No one's going to wait tables or any other job if it doesn't pay the bills.
One point is missing.  I found out that my job could be automated so I quit.   Management doesn't realize how to automate the jobs.  Now management is looking for people to replace me. Why would a worker teach management how to automate when it puts the worker out of work.
The reason people leave their jobs is because the companies want you to run the whole show and get a pat on the back for doing everything that needs to be done. No thanks and no money but all the headaches. 📡👽🇺🇸 RUN!!!
The COVID Pandemic and the time off along with the Stimulus Money made a lot of Americans pause and able to Re-evaluate their lives and what is really important to them. We were so used to the Rat race that when it suddenly came to a halt many asked themselves "What am I doing and Why"?
They didn't quit. They were fired
I still didnt hear how all these quiters are paying their bills
Hopefully this we turn Ametica away from the workaholic culture. Till now our culture put work ahead of health and family and it should not be this way. Working over time should not be looked at as a good thing.
Which employers are you talking to? They have t changed one bit….workers have a right to a living wage and benefits…I noticed you didn’t interview Wall Street companies 😁
Did you get a pay increase from 8.25 to 9.00? Congratulations, better than nothing I guess. You can quit then get another job with a signing bonus. Rinse and repeat.
No one’s minimum wage job is worth them risking their life. Inflation is outrageous. Health care being affordable or offered. Child care is too expensive. Teachers are dying. Health care workers are dying. Pay people more.
Working your life away and getting nowhere in life is overrated. 📡👽🇺🇸 RUN!!!
You mean people would rather be free to do what they want with their time?  Shocker!  If I didn't need money, I would never work again.  I have way better things to do.
Interesting how no white people are on here that's racist
No one wants to go to a company that do not appreciate their employees. Working them to death and living paycheck to paycheck. And not caring that they have families to tend to.  I'm apart of the healthcare people that quit sooner then I was supposed. I was worked to death and not appreciated at all! And the pay for my experience was crap! Fast food workers made more money then i did!
Those employers that are complaining about "too many benefits" need to just pull themselves up by their bootstraps and figure out a way to attract workers or just let the free market phase their company out for being too unfit to survive
People are sick of this profit driven business model where upper management and CEO profit.s
Okay so somebody is lying here either 60 Minutes or President Joe Biden! Didn't he just stand in front of a Podium and tell the American people the economy is doing great and created 200,000 jobs and there's no inflation? Now 60 Minutes 6 hours ago runs a story that people are quitting jobs? So who is this even the American people? Let's go Brandon clearly
Shame on you 60 Minutes!  Go to the workers if you want the true story.
So the best workers are You Tubers, which pay absorbent dollars. $$$   People think it’s their idea to quit, when this is a designed plan.   People will always need money.  Affordable homes and rents are a joke in America.  Who is buying homes in America?   The better question...who CAN buy homes in America.   They have us looking at the workforce.  When we look up, we’ll all be living in $200,000 mobile homes and “Tiny Spaces”.    The bait and switch is REAL.
Because you get killed working!The govt.wont control the criminals so,we stay home.
Why didn't they interview any workers?
"We found the people who quit their jobs and are not working. This is how they're living." --- The story nobody's doing.
It's the mandates people!!! 60 minutes is a globalist program.Stand your ground, do not back down, do not comply! DISLIKE
Work days should be reduced to 4 to help with flexibility
Why they have all this "we're hiring" signs everywhere? To me the answer is simple: US has extremely low wages for many jobs, if they really want more workers, raise their pay!
People are tired of being treated like crap and told they are disposable on a daily basis.I had a boss who told me, I can do what ever I want to you and you'll take it because you need your job.These companies think they own you when you work for them and people have had enough.
Folks don't want vaccine mandates, or don't want to work in an office setting and potentially get sick. And then others are just cool with going after there dreams
Corporate America is greedy.
Employees eyes are now ooen and they realize their value. Employees are tired of their crappy jobs and employers. They want flexibility and just more time with family and better benefits.
How about y'all start teaching us how to program the robots that are going to take our jobs so then we're not actually destitute nor powerless???
The media sucks!  Tell the truth about how we the workers really feel and what's really going on.
Bidens America. It's what happens when you install communists to power
Maybe with events like this, we can all remember to be human and that we are not flesh and blood machines
The video still hasn't explained the great resignation/unfilled labour demands. It presented a subset of case studies of people who have shifted or changed employment. At the end it mentions casually that the reason Americans are not going out to work is because they are relying on savings. No mention of what Americans did with their stimulus....did they save, invest or consume it all. If they invested then the period of the great resignation won't end for now
Why keep paying a corrupt government
Some jobs use to be covered my immigrants and since we now hate other cultures...
lets not act like we do know where the females are going for money..
More affordable places? More like escaping coronatarian states for freedom
Excellent
Why don't you talk about how much some of those jobs suck!  People are sick of being paid crap wages and treated unfairly by corporations who make huge profits while they struggle to pay their bills.
If you have to wear a mask all day for a job that's not fun. The people who want people to wear masks all day are people who don't have to wear masks all day.
Know your value. .. they think they can control us money. When people have nothing to loose they know their value.... I'm glad people are quitting... I will be quitting in a few weeks and moving to the country, getting put of the city
Exactly 🧐 more pay we will stay
More pay we will stay 🧐👀
I once worked as a waitress at a specialty restaurant in Virginia.  Crap wages and they wouldn't even feed us. Hopefully those days are gone.
Let's go Brandon. "mandatory vaccines" ain't working. 🖕 That job.
Pay people a living wage. A living wage mirrors inflation. Hence, $22hr minimum wage. Can't afford to pay $22hr then don't operate a business. Problem solved.
Don't worry America.... quit your job...government will take care of u.... this lady is so full of crap.... the question nobody is answering but everyone knows the answer too is how allllll these people supporting themselves when they quit? They are going to the government.... they are not living off of massive savings that they managed to hold. Maybe the baby boom generation but definitely not Genx
https://youtu.be/acqwg404yBA?list=LL
A friend of mine worked for a hotel in madison Wi. and last year she got a can of soda and a roll of toilet paper for Christmas last year.She was shown her value to them and quit.
Workers are tired of owners making all the real money why workers are diposable and make change
Nature is healing, women are going home where they belong.
Problem is there is a whole generation of people who overvalue what they are worth especially when they have no experience and they come from a generation where they they feel they don't have to put their time in. They just expect ....expect... Or they use your company as a stepping stone to the next shiny place
Ummmmm pay like y’all be talking duh….
We Barley make it with them checks why not quit and look for better #pay more
Want to attract and retain employees? Make it worth their while! (I am speaking to you public education.)
What joe biden said people want to work.
I think big cities are not worth to stay, work and live because of highest cost of living. You are not working just to pay your bills , you need a life. So corporations, legislators, condo and apt owners should think to lower the cost of living so people will stay and enjoy life.
Lol crazy only older generations will judge
You know what? Analysts like this with their PHD’s from Oxford ect are the problem. Making so much money to tell 60 minutes what most people already know. Stop paying people like this outrageous money. And start putting it in the hands of people who do REAL work. 🙄
I want to immigrate to America.. Wonder if the need for work will make it easier to migrate. Hope so! God bless America, the greatest country in the world
It''s totally a work problem. It is NOT a worker problem. Treat these people with respect and empathy, both in the workplace AND in your future reports. 60 minutes is on the side of the oppressor.
Yup agreed, Lack of respect and pay is at the core. No matter the work, even if its hard and overwhelming, you can usually keep your employees anger at bay, by simply giving them respect and compensating those work issues with additional pay.  more money usually puts out fires.  Respect also goes along way.  respecting and acknowledging the value of those employees.  And its in these very two areas that american workers are sorely being challenged.  Employees illegally forced to do overtime, the work of several indiduals placed upon one, all with no additional pay compensation as the job is attempting to cut costs and consolidating the amount of work upon a mere few or even a single employee, hired for their expertise in one field, but later tasked to do several times more outside their field.  The work place has simply been taking egregious levels of advantage over its employees of who after the covid shutdown has come to the realization of the simple fact that theyve been sacrificing their lives for the sake of other people getting rich and reaping the rewards of their labor.   So now the people are tired angry and will make these jobs and their bosses ceo's and even stock holders pay for their errors.     These businesses have also shown no loyaty to their employees,  just as soon as a more cost effective solution is presented to a business, the top execs are quick to fire its employees in favor of those cheaper cost cutting hire revenue solutions.   So as an example,  US businesses downsizing in favor for foreign cheap labor and manufacturing solutions like those offered by China and India.  Shutting down american factories and placing thousands out of work.   So its a battle between the american worker and the american employer, the rich.  who also has viewed the american worker as a weak link to their desire for financial growth.        Americans selling Americans out for the sake of greed.   And the stresses of the american employeer also dealing with the greed of other industrees such as medical and insurance.    The demands of the unions who see the problems on both ends, but know the only real solution is for the employeers to take a much needed financial hit in order for thigns to be balanced with their employees needs,  but as mentioned those busineses knowing they can opt for cheap foreign labor that sees to them getting everything they want by side stepping the domestic labor force.  burning the american worker.    Now its the american worker fighting back by removing themselves from the equation all together, which takes a major hit on these businesses in this time of covid shutdowns often seeing the collapse of these businesses.       Many people now either will soon be looking for better work,  start companies of their own,  changing careers.  or simply taking a much needed break.   This mostely being the younger generation that have little tolerance for living their lives under pressure and working without gain.         The changing of the US economy and the foreign employment practices of US businesses are calling for american workers to work on the same deprived levels as their foreign counterparts.   If chinese workers are getting paid less than so should you.  and the american worker isnt having that!.  But the businesses are demanding it. And its not right.  Work without pay is not right.  its illegal and many companies are getting away with such because the city and state is also looking to get rich and coould care less just as long as its getting its taxes.      We are in a pickel of our own making,  because as a whole we put favor inthe hands of the wealthy,  and they claim their wealth will see a trickle down effect to the middle class and its not true.  as they have eliminated the middle class by using foriegn labor instead.
I’m more than happy to move from the island of Australia where it’s the extreme opposite of what you folk are experiencing. Our tech jobs are all “on-site” or not at all.
As usual supervisors are crying on international tv because no one wants to work for their low paying harsh jobs  GET OVER YOURSELVES  Crying on tv is not going to make people work for you
Now imagine that, millions of people found out they are important and should be respected, it took a while...
The Pandemic has taught people that they can live and thrive without working for others.
When she said employees and not employers are in the drivers seat I wanted to punch my screen. First off private institutions ( whether for better or worse) will always be in the drivers seat cause that is the nature of capitalism. Secondly many workers just cant find work because employers qualifications for getting hired have risen steadily over the years coupled with increasing workload and stagnant pay. Really lucrative top management positions even worse, your competing *globally* for those positions against other candidates. Technology has changed the game.   Work morale and satisfaction is part of the equation. Lastly and maybe mentioned in the video the JOBs that are available are in the lowest paying sectors. Those other sectors? Require pristine resumes and incur huge competition.
THE.  JOBS.  DONT. PAY.  ENOUGH  FOR THE BULL. SH**T😂😂
All black and one token white. Yeah… but then there is the black Steve Jobs… right? ……right? 😂 🤣
AM.  NOT.   WORKING.  WHY.  THIS.   SICKNESS  GOING A ROUND. 🤧
No offense but I really do feel that all the countries that has Superior technology we really do need to take a step back and make our economies based off of Forest instance a single mom part-time work should be able to survive without getting food stamps or assistance we need to take a step back for people that have married couples in a house should only survive off of one paycheck without any assistance or food stamps we need to take a step back and go back to those days (stop chasing money)
AM. NOT.  WORKING. WITH.  THE.  SICKNESS. 👍🏽
Judgement on America
. The government gave them 3 times the money a week on unemployment when covid hit. Employers want to get rich instead of paying people want there worth. The highest paid in the company should be the ones doing the wotk
Most people quieting their jobs are lazy good for nothing liberals.  I fact checked it myself
I want to know how many people actually have died from covid and their jobs have not been filled besides the fact that let's face it and United States we need to change how we do things for working people more benefits for the workers that work then the people that don't
Everyone at my job caught covid after the manager was mysteriously out for a week.  The owner tried to get me to work very sick, and even with my positive covid test, I still ended up fired for "poor attitude".  I've never worked with the owners. And I've never had an attitude.. I've never felt so thrown away. Trying to deal with the depression from this is tough...
Honestly, this is on both the company's side as well as employee side. Too much to get into, but I see this from an independent perspective. Not Republican/Conservative nor Democrat/Liberal. Simply an non-bias view from 20 years of management.
Americans are lazier compared to Chinese workers
Honestly this is what happens when people get tired of seeing the rich get richer and do nothing about it, we should rise up as one but instead people just don't wanna work hard anymore knowing how much we get taxed on literally everything we own. Also not too mention how kids are getting rich with social media and gaming. Crazy times.
They all work for Doordash, Uber, Grabhub, Lyft, etc. no boss, they work whenever they want and when whenever they dont wanna work and pays better than minimum wage.
Because the average american worker is treated and payed like garbage in more ways than one. Pretty simple actually
…..”many more Women than men”, so…. what happened to the strong, intelligent, independent Woman that is choosing a career instead of being a “kept housewife” or being a Mother “doing the hardest job in the world” (bahahahahahaha!!!)?! Hmm… “interesting”… 🙄
Boomers miss the point.... AGAIN.
People are tired of democrat-run cities with their High tax and High Cost of Living people are running to Republican states because of their low taxes low cost of living
I did everything right.  Education education go to work work hard don’t cause problems.  Fear to be fired a normal day for years. Well people are so tired of always being crushed by bosses snd corporate lies by HR. Zero protections and thrown to the wolves
Theres also this angle... I quit my job after 12years in 2014. Retired, but over the years, have blown life and finances etc. Over the last few years, and especially into 2022, ive  been working at regular p t  jobs and Temping. Got a call yesterday January 9th begging me to come back to a weekend dishwashing job, and i said ok. My next 3 weeks are booked with Temping. Bring it on! I expect to be debt free by end of 2022, released from my 12k$ debt, while still having $ to care for my cats, donate $ to help others in need, animals and humans, and i have plenty to eat. You say goodbye but i say hello. Wylie Nashville Tn
"Affordable housing?" Yeahhh the Southeast isn't affordable anymore. Decent 1 bedroom apartments in Greenville going for 1300-1500/mo, "little boxes" starting at 350k. Oh yeah, and South Carolina still uses the federal minimum wage as their base pay.
We can't afford to work for under $30 an hour non of these jobs come close to that
I’m a little confused. People are leaving jobs, not returning because they are “finding jobs that offer more flexibility” yet there are still 21 million jobs available?
When your Driver Salary is equal or higher than the salary of middle low manager in China, Indonesia, India, Vietnam, etc.... Keep dreaming of a producr made in US. Big LOL
The good old days of one salary sustaining the home. How much do you really need.
Nobody said that they are offering the same pay rate from 20 years ago,the construction jobs offer less than 20 years ago
Customers create the jobs not business
Anytime you have millionaires talking about this issue they will use plausible deniablity on real issues. Pay and respect...don't blame covid...blame corporate greed
You can thank gen z for all that
"You're lucky to have this job". I wander why they're quitting...
if you missed one day you were fired nowadays if you missed a week they're still waiting there for you. What is that The employer doesn't say what goes nowadays 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽🇺🇲🆓
Democrats are destroying America and Americans lives 💥💥💥💥💥
The face of this program is inaccurate. Not enough  "diversity" here. That's rayciss
WHEN TRUMP CAUGHT COVID-19 THERE WAS NO VACCINE YET'  TRUMP SURVIVED WITHOUT VACCINES OR BOOSTERS. Under Biden Presidency NOTHING about what helps against Covid-19 just pushing vaccines and boosters (Unconstitutional) Mandatory Job Loss for all the unvaccinated.
More affordable....right....it's politics...
Can you say MEXICANS?
I can explain it......  "Get that vaccine or youre fired"... 🤷‍♂️. They stay tryna twist the narrative 🤦‍♂️
Nobody wants to work for low wages, poor benefits or a racist employer while billionaires keep taking more of what you work for.
Pay more
Working all day long for 6days weeks I don't need it no more 😉 fix this. I want to enjoy life 🧬 doing what I want to do.....
Tired of paying taxes to  losing, stealing government ,that do nothing but lie to the American people. If you can get more on welfare by staying home, why not!?!? Let the government take a cut in pay!!!!  They campaign for 4 years of being elected,  and do nothing to resolve homeless, covid, proverty, peace,  One lie after another. Stop paying our government congress the house whom are incompetence to do anything successful but do nothing but hate each other. Antifa and blm did a good job at destorying business at the thanks of democrats who paid to get them out of jail so they could go back and destory even more, please tell the whole truth and quit the lies.
I'm going to give my self  a shot go back to school
Yall owe us
22millon jobs Donald  Trump said it came back liar
When you realize you can die tomorrow ( pandemic) ... putting up with with rude disgusting people ( the public) isn't worth it. People would rather find a new job or live on less!
Because we the people want the right to choose to take a vaccine or not!
It's the employer  fault
Use me as a dislike button
American retail and all who are UNDERPAID and UNINSURED. You can't find a waiter?  Pay them a REAL hourly wage and let them get tipped.  Employers won't give Americans HEALTH INSURANCE.  So we won't work.  We will invest the little we have in markets and crypto.  When you change your laws we will come back to work America.
lots of people have DIED. dead people explain why this is happening
Biden: Eliminate the filibuster and pass Uniform Voting Rights Legislation NOW or lose EVERYTHING in November !!! 11 MONTHS TO DICTATORSHIP !!! WAKE UP !!!
Because employers just simply dont pay enough. Better pay? Still not enough. Better benefits? Still not enough. Peoples time is worth much more. And Fplks are realizing this. I realized this about myself strangely just months before covid. July of 19 . And its been awesome 👌
Now I am retire. Company treats employee like they are labor worker with no respect. No happy work place no employees
As a teacher maybe our cities will stop pay freezing us and treat us like the professionals  (with undergrad/masters degree debt) that we are. Absolute joke.
So this guy who’s a “owner” of a business says people don’t want to work because of flexibility but if you ask me I think he knows the real reason and just wants to ignore it like every other business owner out there and that would be the amount of money employer’s want to pay. But if you say that the problem is flexibility enough times over and over people will start to believe it and then all those business will start to give less hours higher more people and not have to worry about things like our long time future. I could go on & on basically even when there is a real problem with a obvious solution right in front of almost every business owner these days they still choose to worry about filling up their profits rather than being honest to the people who show up every day and work hard for them. However I still think we live in the best country in the world the United States of America God bless
CORRUPTION in the Labor Inspectorate of Russia https://youtu.be/arbAwvV2ZAs in the words of Igor Talkov. the cattle await the madness of the END
Slash government benefits across the board. Tax food, gas, food retirement -everything.  Companies will be flooded with resumes.
People put out hundreds of resumes, and get nothing. People say they're hiring, but try getting those jobs. A certain amount of this is companies posting jobs to avoid having to pay back covid loans.
Nice report, except for glossing over the number of older workers who decided to retire early. It would be great to hear their perspective. Too often, this age group is marginalized and treated as invisible compared to millennials, moms and other segments of the work force. There's also a misconception they have plenty of equity, investments and savings to fall back on when that simply is not the case for most. But you'll never hear about that.
Well,let's see.  Ppl are killing workers at drive through. Dumping hot soup in thier faces. Coming over counters to attack workers because thier hamburger  was wrong. I deal w rude hateful ignorant ppl all day. 10 bucks an hour is not enough to get killed or injured for. I hope every fast food worker quits. That's what this despicable country needs. A reality check.
Because they can make more from unemployment benefit.
Free Julian Assange. Free the truth.
This kind of an old story....60 minutes just got to it !?
This won't last. The entire reason its so easy to borrow money in the U.S.is because the middle class has to be burdened with debt to ensure that they keep working. If workers realize they have the power, voters might realize the same thing and our pseudo democracy will collapse.
If you have time, research the US Constitution from the beginning to the end.  Look at the Ammendments.  Notice  how we unknowingly went to the US Corporation AND Biden is supposedly  president of a Bankrupt government. This should make you wonder...is he really in charge?
I'd be EXTREMELY scared to hire black employees, LGBQ employees, college students and women under 30. Frivolous Lawsuits waiting to happen. I only hire immigrants and straight peeps over 30.
Hope the producers are reading these comments !
The long Quarantine changed the culture of the world. In every way. We had time to put our lives in perspective. It is very simple. Our lives are dictated by the success and failure of others. And, we spend our day with people who are unhappy and unfulfilled too. We want something better.
I came to a lot of these realizations on my own by 2015, when I left my last full-time job.  Mid-life anxiety can get you thinking on what you really want out of life in the remaining time you have.
The robots and immigrants will take the jobs that Americans abandon. Keep working and invest.
Thousand of low paying jobs with no benefits.
Because joe expanded welfare
If you make 35k or more a year you are in the world's top 1%
😆 funny how 60 minutes is exploiting TF out of blacks. Claiming they're all lazy and jobless. They're ALL BLACK on this story. RACIST AF.
Dumb people think the covid free money will continue they will regret it once they realize how this will finally make advanced automation affordable and companies will never go back on the robotics and ai paperwork processing being done now
Stop extorting money from us...via IRS
Join a Union, bring the tightwad capitalist their knees
Americans are tired of the inequality. If this doesn’t apply to you.. we know. We know you don’t understand.
How are people paying their bills??
It would be so nice if people could hear from a socialist point of view why this is happening. Labor, particularly the lower end of the wage scale of labor, is fed up with working these jobs for horrible pay with little or no benefits. Capital is losing their grip on this section of labor and it shows how the sleeping giant of wage labor, aka the lower 80% of income earners in the US, have a great deal of power if we can organize and withhold our labor for a much better deal or a completely new arrangement in the work force. This could be a combination of worker and or publicly owned enterprises etc... as opposed to tiny number of elites that own and run our society now, strictly for their profit and benefit. Change is coming.
TL;DR: Pay and respect your employees more. There, saved ya 13 mins.
I’ve worked restaurant and retail in the course of 1 year and I can understand why they’re the highest quit rates
I QUIT
Amazing how not one person mentioned the lockdowns, school shutdowns / remote learning and forced government mandates being put on both employers and employee's as another major factor as to why people are choosing not to work.
Corporate America is so toxic. We are treated as a replaceable piece of meat so yeah I'm glad this is happening.
Several employers around the country during the last two years raised their employee wages to $15 an hour. They said they stopped counting new applications after they reached 1000. Pay your workers a living wage, not a minimal wage and maybe just maybe they’ll come back. Wages have been stagnant since the early 80s. Even though production and CEO wages have quadrupled since then. Some employers are making over 500 times the amount of their typical employees.
There are plenty of folks waiting to immigrate to the US that will gladly fill these positions
GOD has the last word. Not man. Leaders and the few rich men of this earth think they can always push us around they better think again. They look at the poorer class like nothing. We are the ones making them rich.
Bye bye
Becouce people has enough to work for tip money and Shitcoins...?
Office work from the home is the closest thing on earth to heaven because you are in the sanctuary of Christ Jesus and the true Christian believers love that freedom.
“We just cannot get the people” tell you what you should do: pay your staff better money, improve your working conditions, payed holiday time, offer promotion opportunities, etc…. Then you might get the workers
The government giving everyone all the freebies stamps and checks it's that simple
Typical 60 minutes lol …. A year later … they just now reporting on this lol
When you use your talents & abilities doing what you love to do that's a component of manifesting one's dreams into reality. Doing what you love to do, employing your talents & abilities as it should be done, and to earn/manifest a living doing this... is priceless. I did this years ago. Utilizing my talents & abilities to earn a living doing what I love to do demanded schedule flexibility, for myself. Being good at what I do labor & service offers came to me, I didn't go to them, I had a choice of what I did, or as you call it, work. If you're doing what you love doing, then it's not work, it's fun.  Earning an income to live doing what you love doing is icing on the cake or priceless
Ieveryone stop watching TV for 3 months .... just as an experiment   see what happens   see what the industry does in response... also   the whole state or whole countries  stop eating McDonald's for a month.. will the organizers of such a experiment be assassinated....
🤣 slow death of a nation because the ignorant sheep think a 18yo fresh out of school should be making $17 at McDonald's doing 35 hours a week. Don't believe me, look at the comments...crazy news flash ALOT of people working jobs that a monkey or screen could do shouldn't be able to buy a house in 5years, sorry.
It's about the schools being closed (free babysitting gone) and parents learning what their children were being taught or not taught. Moms are primarily the ones staying home.
BYE
Whats up with Americans and having 3 Jobs. There should be 1 max. Are they getting even paid enogh.
let’s see….people are leaving public facing jobs during an airborne virus pandemic , during which they are emotionally, verbally and physically abused by members of said public who don’t care to ensure the workers’ safety. Yup. Checks out. I’d have long quit if I worked in one of those industries.
Why is all the people on this program black?
"It's not a work problem, It's a WORKER problem"!! Let me tell you buddy It's neither....Its an EMPLOYER problem. People want to be treated fairly thats all! Checkout the bonuses and see where they're going relative to the average employee and their pay!
Low paying jobs aren’t worth it when facing off close to a vocal belligerent anti-VAXer. The guy at 5:35, F him! I remember growing up hungry. It was such a massive divide between the haves and the have Nots in this country. F that guy. Most of us are just freaking poor, we’re being picked to the bone clean, so that profits and rich fat cats can get a lot fatter.
When the unemployment hits 10% they'll be back
They said it the video and defines what's going on... U need to work to live not live to work. In USA ppl have 2 and even 3 jobs and that's crazy because even with that they cant pay their bills
Well I know whats the problem for me the lack of respect, plus being a blk woman these companies are so dangerous to work at like racism, discrimination and sexism.
Coz you no pay them good.
The real reason is bcuz of the jab!!
Please dont complain if those jobs americans left go somewhere overseas.
When I was a teen looking for a job I was a Baby Boomer and there were 15 applicants for every job.  Now the job market is reversed.  There are not enough applicants for the openings.  I actually experienced this later in life.  I was a computer programmer and Year 2000 was driving programmer hiring.  I doubled my salary in 3 years.  It feels good doesn't it.
If I’m working a job that you interact with other people, what protection is in place to assure I don’t get infected from someone…? How do we know who is vaccinated and who is not?? Then some people don’t even want to wear a mask when they all in other peoples faces and then wonder why the virus is still around…
I consider myself a left leaning Democrat. Moved out of Chicagoland area after 53 years to PNW to a city of over 20k in Washington state almost 4 years ago. I saw Chicago has had a big decrease in population. The reason I left was to get a better paying job & excellent marijuana at a great price. Succeeded on both counts although I basically stay in a studio shack, which is sufficient for myself & my 2 cats. I strive for a little more in my life which really is not too much to ask for. Like the Rolling Stones sang "You can't always get what you want,but if you try sometimes you get what you need." Basic staples for sustainable comfortable living should start being a priority of the US Government. Both sides of the political aisle that call the shots live a life of luxury with no repercussions for the BS they pull behind the scenes. They need to be reminded daily that THEY work for US...
Nurses have to deal with so much and have so much responsibility and are not paid appropriately.
everything is going automated, people are more productive than EVER, and despite all this technology pay never goes up and lifestyle never improves.
Wage slavery, poor hours, crappy bosses. This is America after all!
Thanks to “ LET”S GO BRANDON “ giving free $$$ to stay home..why work wen people are getting $300.00 per child and getting free rent every month
Employees want respect.
I’d like to be a paperboy, but I can’t find work.
A lot of the time, people don't leave jobs, they leave managers.
Didn't they start another free money program for people with kids.  My girlfriend's daughter had 3 kids accidentally in the past few years. Her and her boyfriend get $1800.00 per mo. - it's considered part of the earned income credit program.  So it makes sense for the commentator to say that mostly people with kids have opted out of returning to the workforce.  I find it suspicious that this isn't even mentioned by this supposed in depth story.  This is not the 60 Minutes our parents knew.
I quit my job of almost 15 years because of the supervisors’ behaviors and attitudes towards subordinates.  No integrity whatsoever.  The agency was also very politically and ego centered.  The stress was not worth the salary and benefits.  I literally hated my job and was sad every day at work.
im sick of capitalism i honestly thought Obama would move us post capitalist but hey i was wrong (which is not often)
You know who ain’t gonna quit and do these crap jobs? Immigrants the people the racists hate in this country.
Unemployment ended in September of last year!!!
The hospitality industry is toxic asf on top of poor wages
Would love to hear how many are getting employed against the quitting. Maybe they’re also quitting to immediately go to another job that’s paying better.
Lack of pay and respect for employees. They want us to work like slaves and pay low wages. The pandemic proved how much they don’t care to put their workers at risk and never raising their pay while the CEO’s stayed at home comfortably.
This "news" is  a propaganda laden price of garbage!
Flexibility becomes the life of workers nowadays. Work from home, onsite, educational program, sign on bonus, giving more can even lead to volunteering employees when they u need them.
If you doubled your revenue why aren’t workers getting pay increases ?💀
Why does everyone keep saying when the pandemic shut the economy down covid didn't shut anything down corrupt politicians shut everything down and destroyed all of our lives so why would people want to go work to rebuild what they spent the last 30 40 years creating when the state can just come in at any moments notice while willy-nilly and take a big crap on all of our dreams
Lies, lies and alibis...
I remember the boss saying I can get you anything you need but I can’t hire employees to staff your house. I guest today my old boss is on the street because he has no employees!
Covid mandates Jill covid mandates - doesn’t take a genius - you’re welcome - coulda saved 60 mins and used it to cover something else - like the fact that this program is either propaganda, compromised by intelligence or just filled with really unintelligent reporters…my 8 year old cousin could have told you guys everything you had to ask “experts” about here - wait did this become a…oh wait this is news for k-6th graders - I didn’t know the format changed my bad - carry on
Very interesting trend … I hope it serves as a wake up call to a lot of businesses to start looking at employees a lot differently than they traditionally did. Hopefully this new trend is here to stay and creates a more healthy environment towards better work life balance in the long run.
I'm quitting soon because of a Vax Mandate.
I've noticed that employees who have to interact with other people don't want those positions. Dealing with the public can be tough.
People got smart and now you’re getting the message from the people that we will not EKE by while the one percent live like kings and queens and like Trump pay no taxes so why should I work for you? Why not find my own way and live in moms garage.
CONTINUE WORK REMOTE IT IS GREAT
Thousands of low paying jobs are available! Yaaay!!
This is what you get when you treat your workers like crap. Start by paying a living wage $7.50 it's laughable. Include healthcare if you don't already and start treating them like human beings.
This doesn't make any sense. How can you quit your job just like that and not take another job? If people would take another job, then the need for new jobs would not be there. If people simply quit their jobs and don't find another job, how can they live without any income? I'm assuming they don't have a lot of savings. If they get "stimulus checks" and other helps from the government, then there's a huge problem.  Sure, if you got fired it's ok to get some help a month or two until you can find a new job. But getting paid for a long period of time is beyond stupid, that will just make more and more people quit. And then who will do the work? Don't get me wrong, being able to just enjoy life without doing any work is great, but somebody has to do the work (until we can replace *everything* with robots, but even then there will be need to maintain the robots, replace them, etc). And we're not there yet.  Anyway, back to the issue: if you quit and you don't find another job, how can you live? I'm really curious, I'm not from USA, is there a basic universal income already? Because where I live there's not. There's an unemployment help for a short period of time and it's very low, you can't really live, unless you have a very, very, very, VERY low standard of life.
Seems like a poorly researched piece. No information from an unbiased source. LinkedIn is both biased and known for telling lies. You get connection requests from people you know never requested it. Data given from only a small selection of sectors. LinkedIn is known for being a source of garbage data. Shame on you 60 Minutes for doing zero work and just giving a free ad to LinkedIn. Minorities are forced to put up photos of themselves on LinkedIn if we want jobs. Shame on you LinkedIn.
What a stupid question. It show 60 minutes is disconnected from the public, and call themselves news journalists. The people working know why they quit.
Love it! It’s time for those who work hard to live the life they deserve. These corporations have been exploiting the regular American for decades. Change is now!
'Does the data tell you why?'  This is non scientific thinking, in science we seek to falsify claims and use deduction ...' data tell us why' is medieval thinking, like alchemy ... we stopped using this logic in the enlightenment and it lead to science which improved our lives drastically,,, so why go back to pre science thinking?
All the sectors that are severely underpaid, overworked, and disrespected.
I doubt that this will be temporary! The pandemic has helped us re evaluate what we are willing to sacrifice/work for!! We know our value to the workforce and are no longer willing to take sh**y pay,no benefits,awful work conditions..et
If you double your revenue year over year then double your employees pay year by year.   F**king crooks all around this country
Americans: „i quit my job“ Any other Nation: „which one do you mean?“
Because 6hey are sick of being abused by the public And their employers who don't want to pay 40 hrs a week so they don't have to provide health care  . Only full time employees get any healthcare  so most jobs only let you have 30 hours .  Places like ROSS are the WORST AT THIS
GREAT JOB the workers are demanding basic human respect
Depression.
Because your paying them to sit home and make babies don't take a genius to see that black unemployment at a all new time high same with Latino unemployment while white employment only dropped by 4% or something like that tue democrats have un done everything good Trump did in 2 years and put gas and tue cost of living gas what it was when obama left 5.09 a gallon and cost of living what it was under Obama plus 15 % added on to that
Workers of the world unite.
💔 please, type in Greta Thunberg connects climate, ecological, and health crisis.
Open up the borders and let experienced people come in.
Hungers a tool
Fuch the Lamestream Fake News
It’s a designed system to keep the rats working while others play lol it’s the other way niw lol
Who wants to risk their lives for sh*t pay? Many of these jobs are just not worth it.
Why oriole are waking up they are not going to be shaved for ceo corporations lol it’s over
We realized while we sat at home that we have been enslaved in a work prison.  These corporation are headed by the Cabal.  We can work for ourselves.  We can work for a person that doesn't think they own us.  We will not take a bioweapon jab.  We will not wear a mask.    I researched the jab and discovered the truth.  You can say it is not true, but I can read and understand science and psychology.  The Cabal thinks we can be fooled.  They are arrogant.  We are in a spiritual war.  God has won. The fear ends now.
Because their treated like chit paid like d so but they are tired of everyone around them majecway more money
Elon, we need your robots. Working is out of fad. But government cheez is in fad. For the time. Grass is not green on the other side.
90% of people who 'quit" are not sitting at home watching TV with a paper plate of nachos on their lap. No, they are doing remote work, home businesses and all sorts of self-employment. They are studying and training in schools - often correspondence schools. They are helping their families and carefully and industriously arranging their government benefits. This not being lazy. This is distancing themselves from class warfare and the monstrous wealthy.
Let's Go Brandon!
Workers felt like they did not matter at all  just a number now employers are just another company that needs someone we were all treated like no 2  now we are treating them like no 2 and we made ourselves no 1 and we want to keep tht way
Me too me too
Why don’t they report on the real reason.  Inflation.  Even though wages have risen they haven’t risen enough to cover the cost of living.  So you can work and be poor or you can stay home and be poor.   Not to mention onlyfans twitch btc stock gambling etc etc etc.   until the fed cuts the money supply, ie raise interest rates it will only get worse.   Mark my words.  Until easy money leaves the market will we see more of the same.  The fed is responsible for this phenomenon as well as the wealth gap and everyone is sleeping.   Nancy Pelops Is making inside trades and no one cares everyone is asleep.  No one is paying attention at all.   Wake up!
Gee, perhaps it's TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION ONTOP OF INFLATION ONTOP OF MANDATES TO BE INJECTED WITH POISON? Just a thought 🙄🤦‍♂️🤷‍♂️
I guess 'job creators' are pretty much effed when they lose those who actually do the respective jobs. There might be a lesson in all of this...
This is why China released the Virus.
LMAO
hire high schoolers
It's about time. Businesses are nothing without employees and not the other way around.
Not everyone can hang on. Americans are awenking.
Over work and under paid for 💩 jobs
Moronic omicron hahs such a fear bs
Better pay. $7->$8 hour 😲 Naw. We’re going for actual careers when we have years of experience and degrees. We deserve more than single digits per hour. Of course restaurants can’t find any workers for $8-15/hour
One guy said that His company was doubling its revenue year over year, but did they increase the salaries??? No, they didn't and Now they are complaining people don't want to work for scraps...
If the polices and doctors stop killing people and the judges and prosecutors stop locking people up then maybe they'll have more workers.
Don't worry if the US citizens cannot fill these vast amount of jobs, am sure all the immigrants would take this chance... Yes even the illegals!  And that may be a good thing or a very bad thing for US.
So full of it waiter who won't work in teaching and waiter aka u can't even live where u work construction hard work toxic places unsteady work its never out oakage suqs its their bit here u can't even curry the teens in the area
vaccine mandates .....
As someone who visits US a lot, I have often wondered about the crazy hours and workweeks I see people put in. At all levels.  You guys are truly industrious, but there is a limit of how much you can do.  So good for you.
Is wage problem is not worker problem
High Divorce rates= single parents Single parents= flexible hours Flexible hours= hard to find jobs  Lazy new generation that wants socialism= no employees Democrat government giving free money= lazy people Half the country is Democrat, and half of those like and want socialism.   Also jobs are mandating vaxxines. Which is disgusting. And people are abandoning the cities that are also democrat ran.
Maybe it because company like Target are paying their employees salary that I was making at 22 I'm not 61
This is how feudalism collapsed.
People are quitting because of a lack of labor rights. It's a boss problem. The boss is unnecessary, the workers can run the enterprise without the boss or the bank. We need something new, Capitalism failed and decayed into neo feudalism. Corporate Capitalism is over.
Sounds more like an advertisement in the end.
Maybe offer more money?
Most of the women walked away to do ONLY FANS amongst other things the oldest profession for women
I don't have to watch this to know the answer, any sane person would if you're forced to vax
What disingenuous news shows like this one fail to report is that the dollar value of government benefits now exceeds the subsistence wages of exploitative employers. The cleverly skirt the obvious facts. Also, conventional news reporters mendaciously report hourly wages but not biweekly pay checks which as part of the Job Quality Index are in a state of collapse. Fifteen dollars an hour is no damn good if an employee works only 24 hours a week. That comes to a horrendously low $360 gross, $320 take-home. $320 take home a week is no damn good if the average job tenure is only 6 weeks.  Millions of Americans prefer to be lower class living off the government dole rather than continue to be the working poor.
I saw this coming… I noticed how people who worked hard and knew their job functions and were versatile were mistreated but people at the same company who always needed assistance and performed at low rates were promoted…. I saw the countdown start then… good luck to them because I’m for sure am out…they thought it was the stimulus and unemployment….NO…. It’s literally over…. All the preferential treatment, all the favoring certain employees is backfiring…. They said they could do it without us…. Ok… do it… now the favored, unprepared, promoted employees are walking out because they actually have to work….. smh
Work From Home is very appealing for people who live in the suburbs.. Cuts down travel time and improves quality of life...not surprised people are loving it!
They got rich trading cryptocurrency and the bull market when Trump and covid-19 came
Hmmm probably because people don’t want to be forced to have a Vaccination in order to keep their job! Its called coercion which is illegal and against international law… A person shouldn’t be mandated to have a medical procedure done… Also the wages don’t compare to the inflation happening in the world… The strict protocols don’t match the pay wage…. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure this out! And not once was it mentioned 🤣 because NO that truth is hidden and of course they skip around that subject….
Females doing. Only fans selling sex
🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲😘😘😘😘😘😘🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
10 years ago - "You're just lucky to be in a job" Today - "please, I need slaves T^T"
Lack of respect, work them all there life and when they are about to die , promise them enough money to die well but 1st they have to fight for it. ✌️
This is lies why does rush hour still happen why does my apartment still full why do people still have money. Such fake news
This is complete bogus. Baby boomers are retiring in droves, and are leaving a huge gap. There aren't enough people born after that generation to fill those positions left behind. It's purely demographics. Immigration is one solution but no one wants to hear that.
dare everyone to quit. self-leadership we don't need leadership. she did not want to save the government she wanted it to fall she instigated it to take over. fearmongering us with fake news channels We WANT PRESIDENT TRUMP BACK NOW. JUST LEAVE US joe blow. MEDIA, IS DESTROYING. JOE BIDEN. Hillary to! Joe Blow. democrats did it. they scammed we Americans.
Tired of seeing this narrative about millions of people quitting their jobs - the media needs to be more specific and realistic about exactly who's quitting their jobs..  It's people that have been working crappy low-paying jobs for too long that keep them in a perpetual cycle of paycheck to paycheck brokeness.. people aren't quitting well paying jobs that have good benefits, let the truth be told!
This is strange
Because of the scare tactics about being fined if employees were not made to get vaccinated, because employers did not understand that they would NOT be fined, companies kept demanding vaccines... So people left their positions in droves. Because the administration didn't make it clear that companies wouldn't be fined, employers were scared to not make the employees get vaccinated... This was a HUGE reason why many quit their jobs. Period. Now the Supreme Court is ruling mandates unconstitutional after the fines that scared companies to death were ruled unconstitutional. The mandates ARE totally unconstitutional. Completely. Totally. We are a FREE nation with many rights. One side of the politicians are really trying to take away from those freedoms our brave men and women and ancestors fought so hard to have and to hold on to. The reason why we can even bear arms is because the people (all of us) should have more power than the government and should fear us. We have arms to prevent tyranny and to uphold The Constitution of The United States of America. The fed should fear us, not the other way around... But it's a bit hard when they have nuclear weapons and other weapons that we the people are not allowed to have. The government should really fear all of us. We need to take a stand and stop cowering and believing all the lies.
God please be with us all!! What's happening to the world isn't normal , there's something different,  something abnormal.  Please be safe , praise God,  and watch for the signs.
Here is why I quit. Watched my employer work 4 people to injury by giving them an overload of a ridiculous amount of work. UPS makes you load 4 trucks with around 1200 packages daily for $13 dollars and hour. Oh and they expect this to be done in 4 hours. 300 dollar a week paycheck is what they aim for. They stopped overtime intentionally while increasing workload. Could this be because they know Amazon is about to become a monopoly and take it over? So let's overwork our lower employees and just keep the wealth at the top. They throw us crumbs.
"Employees are now choosy". Well let me tell you, I applied recently to a a sort of small tech company who had me do an online test, this timed test takes 4 hours. They didn't hire me, I guess I'm not fast enough. Then I found out they give this test to over 1000 people and only hire 1. Imagine that, 999 people wasted 4 hours of their lives each and really only had 0.1% chance of being hired. Don't tell me about "choosy", competing with 1000 people for a job is a full blown dystopia.  I'm glad if the power balance between employer and employee changes, companies have been treating employees like crap for a long time and getting away with it.
Pre pandemic, I was fired because as a project manager I was working some hours from home and the company said I was stealing time, now working from home is the new normal… their loss because I’m happier than ever…
Here in Germany and even worse in UK, truck/lorry drivers are wanted in huge quantities. And we talk 6 digit amounts in UK alone. It is a question of traditionally low wages, low interest rates, high prices for living space and general products. Houses have more than doubled in price, either by purchase or built, cars have become incredibly expensive; purchasing them but also keeping and driving them. There must be a light at the end of the tunnel for low income workers, otherwise there will be a problem coming up. And the last couple of years showed that.
A friend recently left a job because his employer wanted to force him to work with a guy who dresses like a woman. My friend quit stating that he does not work on a theatre stage. Very quickly after about a third of the team left. Quess which third left. Yes, the ones who were among the best. I can verify that, as that company is a supplier of ours. The service got much worse and we are looking to switch suppliers. This is what happens when employers go woke instead of listening their good workers.
Hmmm hmmph hmmph.
I was starting two businesses while working before the pandemic. The businesses now take care of me and I have not punched a clock since Nov 2019.
Im quitting my job in 3 months! I’m so happy
"How low can we go" the rich got rich the poor got ...
I seriously hate the argument that “no one wants to work anymore”. It’s untrue. I worked in the early education field and was treated like a servant. The disrespect of my time, the expectation that I should be willing to and be HAPPY to sacrifice time with my own child for the sake of the school, attitude because I couldn’t cover other people’s shifts or perform overtime. It was insane. And the disdain that was displayed when I would say no or say stand up for myself was ridiculous. I still can’t believe I lasted 2.5 years before leaving. The salary wasn’t livable either. This country is in transition because it’s unrealistic to think people will continue to sacrifice everything and see nothing in return. People aren’t expendable! We matter and everyone deserves to have a livable wage with meaningful time for family.
I THINK ITS THE JAB
Employees > employers They never valued the workers in the first place and the pandemic woke everybody up. Citizens want more free time, no putting in 50/60 hours a week at work. I myself worked 16 hours a day for a decade plus missed out on valuable time with my two daughters.
Notice LITTLE TO NO MENTION OF PAY AND LIFE WORK BALANCE
Benefits are nowhere the reason for people not going to work. Yes, a small percentage would go to work. Many of these people you would not want to employ anyway, so benefits are the better option.   Whereever I see "help needed", I am wondering if they need "help" or actually are searching an employee they want to pay fairly.
Hey so... you remember how we're in the middle of a pandemic? As of today, about 829,000 people have been confirmed to have died from covid. You don't think that number impacts the labor force?
Alot of people don't want the mandates either!
ppl are quitting due to petty wages, the inflation thks to biden  is huge in housing prices, food etc yet these companies want a college degree prospect  but offer $15 per hour
20 million jobs lost in the second half of 2021 but they added 200 thousand jobs and  Joe Brandon Biden Jr lies and said unemployment fell. If 25% of children have been shot with the covid-19, hepatitis A B C and D shot and now there is a 25% increase covid 19 cases and deaths in America and now the numbers are doubling and tripling but Joe is focused on nuclear war. Stop the madness. SBA stealing money, FEMA stealing money, The Feds and IRS always stealing money before you are born and you die owing a do nothing Congress, Senate, and Non President
Those who love their quitting days ought to pay their tribute to Dr Fauci.  What would be the employer & the govt solution (esp.in service industries); Raise employee wages?  New law or regulation to reduce employers & customers abuses on the employee? Take more immigrant?
maybe because due to the internet US workers have seen how the working condition are around the planet and realized how sometime inferior are US condition..
I’m in Florida. Covid is raging here and in person local wages suck. I quit hair dressing and took an at home remote position as a travel agent for an out of state company and now make the same money as an experienced nurse in my area staying in my pjs safe from covid all day. Remote work is impacting in person employment and no one is taking about that.
Sometimes it feels like covid fixed many things..
People need time to live
In the pieces on this topic, a huge question never gets asked nor answered:  if the vast majority of Americans have almost no savings, how do all these members of the great resignation have the financial staying power to seek that awesome position that meets all their hopes dreams etc??
"You don't pay me enough and I found a way to make more money sorry"
Notice she is saying the lying words of Joe Biden to withhold federal unemployment payments. You heard her say jobs are closing so is that quitting or laid off? It's laid off people! That means they owe you unemployment and GI Joe Robinhood in reverse Adolf Brandon Biden Jr needs more war bucks because he hates America
If a job doesn't pay for a roof over your head, then you lose your home which makes it hard to keep your job. Then you need to move wherever pay keeps a roof over your head. People don't want to die to go to work either. There's a raging virus and a lot of angry people to employees. Together that makes an unsafe and under paid job environment. Where is affordable housing for all those workers?
More like people have been "working to live" for a very long time not "living to work". I would rather be homeless now than to have to show up to toxic work environments with nausea and to be underpaid in the process.
Employers should also stop discriminating against people who have a past if they want to have employees.  They should stop asking if they have a criminal record in their job applications and they should stop making criminal background checks.  This is probably God's punishment to a nation that doesn't know how to forgive his neighbor.
My mother owns a trucking company, she always has people who want to work because everyone in town knows she pays a good bit more per mile for that exact reason. If not the trucks will sit idle and nobody makes bread
I mean a 19 year old in Harlem just got shot to death while working at burger king... So uh there's that.😔
Service worker here...we've been severely understaffed for basically all of last year and still today...the owners of our franchise refuse to increase wages so no one wants to work at our store. Competing stores are offering more per hour so it would seem obvious increasing wages above minimum would help but of course profits are more important than worker burnout.
People wants to work to live as a human :/ rather than being paid to be treated as a machine.
Lying media!
Higher Wages aren’t being offered everywhere, that’s a myth..
Working in the US means being hostage of a company/boss, etc...As soon as health care is decoupled from having a job just watch and see what happens. People will quit in even bigger numbers.
Not surprising that retail & hospitality job quitting is so high. Customers have become so entitled that rudeness & abuse of workers is all too common. Why would anyone want to work in such an environment?
If there is no living wage,it's a waste of time. Why work for foodstamps and Medicare? Never gonna own a home can't pay for a new car or kids collage. That's not the American way. People are working overtime outof necessity.
Free Biden money
People are not quitting they are being fired because they won't get the jab
Wow so many beautiful independant ladies getting that paper!!
I LOVE MY JOB!!!! Im a sub teacher for remote learning. The key is my house and car are paid for. My debt pay-off is 350 per month for the next 36 months then IM FREE🥂✌🏽🙏🏽🙌🏽
Been working at a grocery since the before the start of the pandemic. I've seen firsthand how the company I've worked for go down hill. I'm so burnt out of working here I'm honestly thinking about quitting but I don't have a college degree so my options for higher pay are limited...
LOL!  The government has never, and will never, "hand out" enough money to live on.  It could, a hundred times over, but they'd rather waste it on $Billion ships that can't leave their docks.
It’s cute and media is pushing this new narrative that people are quitting their jobs everyone knows they’re being pushed out or made to choose
I took my company virtual in 2009. It has been great and my employees love it and I am happy to see other employers forced into making this change!
People are quitting over the forced Big Mac sandwich it's not hard to see that.
Ma'am, smaller towns aren't "safer."  At all.  That's only a stereotype, and it backfires when a crime is committed.  No one is willing to admit that it happened in their "friendly" community, and the victim is silenced rather than listened to.
its because of you and the media people will not work
OK so you quit your job..how are you going to pay your bills moving into the future?
When the Pandemic hit and everything shut down. A lot of government aid was being handed out. Some were getting more in that aid than they were working a 9 to 5. That money spoiled many. So when everything opened back up. Some were forced to go back to these low paying jobs, struggling once again just to pay rent, bills, and buy food for their families. And like many are commenting. They are realizing their worth, and seeking better paying jobs. Employers started offering higher pay wages, from $17-$18 an hour just to get people in the door after the Pandemic. But as things got back to normal. I'm sure those promises, tricks & treats faded quickly. And they went back to paying minimum wage. So, now people are saying, "I'm outta here." They want better for themselves and their family. It shouldn't take a disaster that disperses government aid for people to feel financially secure. 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
As mentioned by Brian Talbert below, his comment is true.  However, I found surprising that the 60 Minutes segment has no mention of workers' refusal to be vaccinated is also contributing to the mass exodus departure.  I personally know a few people who have either been fired or quit voluntarily for those reasons as well...
Easy answer:: RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE TO $20.00🤷🏽‍♂️ __ Employers will say anything, except the minimum wage problem.
My fiance left the hospitality industry in December after 13 years, they treated him like crap, he is now a supervisor at an apartment community and is now very happy, with more pay.
MAYBE BECAUSE THEY REALIZED WE ARE PAYING CORRUPT POLITICIANS TO DESTROY OUR COUNTRY.
great interviews, beautiful people
Maybe it's a lack of hope. Same reason you have so many homeless people. There are jobs, and there are homes. By why bother. We're all doomed, we're all bad and the future is so bloody bleak and dark. Why would you bother.
This is a racist show against whites and Hispanics
Good for us, fk business 🥰
I'm waiting on the day when we all collectively stop paying our monthly bills at the same time too.😂😂
COVID SHOOK THE WORLD AND WOKE IT UP I FEEL BAD FOR PEOPLE IS THERE 50S AND 60S WHO JUST WOKE UP
Just look outside America because there is a huge and ready human resource in Asia and Africa. This is a huge chance for employers
I'm quitting my job too because I wasn't getting paid enough they they type of labor
Wow and just imagine all the Americans from 1940 thru 2015 slaving for nothing getting treated like garbage and woww ya your lucky to have a job joke is over WERE WORTH MORE
The virus has exposed alot. It wasn't in their plans lol. The people are waking up.
Wages haven't gone up in a lot of jobs, fact.
Quit being greedy and you will have more people wanting to work.
Also, let me add that criminal background checks are becoming more and more strict for independent contract jobs such as Uber, Lyft, Doordash, grub hub, etc. it’s almost to the point of it being discriminatory, because essentially anyone who’s been arrested is disqualified for an overwhelming majority of decent jobs. This would contribute to the employers seeking workers epidemic.
They're moving to Miami? Oh no, someone should tell them..
Covid was the best thing that happen people know there worth
This doesn't affect my wife whatsoever, she never had to work in her entire life :-)
This is the beginning of the fourth industrial revolution
People are quitting because of the vaccine mandates
For fun. Nobody ever tells the truth exactly on the news. We all know why. For fun. That’s why
This is some fake as media driven story right here..cracks me up seeing the coloured woman show this reporter her family group photo... just seems a bizarre photo lol...
The 'omicron variant' has nothing to do with it, lol
Do jobs that offer 25$/h and up also suffer from lack of workers?
You know the real reason people are quitting their jobs in record numbers? Because the expenses to wage ratio is so unfavorable to the lower middle class it’s laughable and there’s no incentive in working just to avoid being homeless
Workers are out there you just have to pay more and to keep them, you have to give more than average annual pay increase of 3%. Giving 3% pay increase and making employees pay 10% more for health benefit ain't going to cut it.
These jobs are $270 per week jobs  Hospitality sucks
guess this story was just about minorities?
Yes but is not good because that’s something scams do all that
I was forced onto a shift pattern after 35 years.the new shift pattern destroyed my mental health.I left after working for the company 36 years with nothing.
Great balance from employees and employers
I wonder how much homelessness is up
Americans are tired of being paid less but expected to work more and hard. You have a degree but getting paid $15 an hour as someone who didn't even go to  college. What's the purpose?
Yup covid woke the world up no more bs
What they forgot to mention is trying to a construction job is almost impossible if you do not speak Spanish. I have no criminal record and the first question I get asked is if I speak Spanish. How about stop catering to everyone else.
I just quit my job at 60. My employer (Gannet). Would not take the covid epidemic seriously. I became tired of fighting with them. Decided to just retire early.
Lazy
Seems like a supply and demand issue to me. There sometimes are silver linings to these pandemics,for example the black plague killed so many it spelled the beginning of the end of serfdom. This one reshuffled the labor market by government decree.
Pay people a living wage. Give employees company stock, health insurance (including vision and dental), PAID TIME OFF, and let them stay home if they have Covid symptoms with paid sick leave.   It's not that hard. You want workers? Give them a reason to come to work. Give them job security. If you can't afford to pay your staff more than poverty wages, you shouldn't be a business owner.
A lot of women aren’t working because of how expensive childcare is. My bff told me childcare in her area is $1200 monthly. That’s the reason she stays at home while her husband works even though she’s the professional! BTW: Actual remote jobs are not easy to find
America is failing and will collapse. There’s no more patriotism, masculinity etc. Laziness, woke, feminism, anti-American, anti-capitalism rule this country.
People realized working their trash job was a scam after watching freeloaders get paid more than them to sit at home for the last year or so.
some didn't want to get vaxxed
Here’s the shocker coming.  Some people thinking they’re getting money back when they file taxes aren’t going to get it this year.
Another interesting stat is that the number of small businesses/sole proprietors had increased sharply since the pandemic began.
It's not just that people are quiting it's also because those of us who are qualified and applying for jobs are being rejected based on bs hr requirements.
The fact that rich people keep asking this question goes to show how disconnected they are from working Americans.
Up the wages and see what happens.
Lazy and spoiled citizens, Government handouts, laziness, are the reason why people aren’t working. Another reason is Joe Biden! We didn’t have this problem with Trump.
Translation: "Companies that are seeking workers"  Reality: "Companies that NOBODY wants to work for"
Blame it on the Baby Boomers.  The Baby Boomers are the largest demographic in America and they decided they are ready to retire.    The next demographic group - the Gen Xer's- is half the size of the previous generation. And we are going to get burnt out really fast.   Who do you think is caring for their Baby Boomer parents and their Millenial/Gen Z childen?  We Nixon/Ford babies will be forced to have to care for our parents, while having to house our children because they cannot afford to live on their own.
Joe Biden is destroying this country. He hasn't a clue as to what he is doing. Biden will go down  as the first and the worst fraudulently elected President in U.S. history. Not even CRT will be able to hide this man's incompetence from the history books. That's what happens when Democrats are allowed to cheat in order to win an election. Now they are wanting to pass some phony voting rights act so that they can cheat again. They must be stopped. Let's go Brandon!
The hospitality Jobs have a problem  And it has to do with wages. $3 per hour at restaurants, $10 or $8 for housekeeping,  10 at fast food,  In the other hand not going to work results in bad customer service and long waits at public places  So it really comes back to hunt everyone  With high prices and all  I really root for better pay and flexibility  We need this  Also fix immigration problems  Because those are the ones who can fix the problem
Open boarders up
Why not interview real people on the streets?
The pay...pay...pay Sucks !!!
FIX THE IMMIGRATION SYSTEM BOZOS
I’m sure it’s people making less than $50,000.   It’s the extra money people are getting SNAP and child tax credits.
I still don't understand how he don't talk about the vaccine mandate in California that's why people are leaving the workforce to.
Simple: PAY PEOPLE MORE
Thus comes the mass automation replacement and when they come back they will have no work to come to........ 😒😒😒😒😕😑
Maybe the vaccine mandate
You can live off of less than you think. The stress of the work compared to the pay isn't worth it.
F U pay me!
Atlas is Shrugging. Case closed.
I also think it's because they're asking for vaccination cards and people don't want to take the vaccination
WE ARE QUITTING BECAUSE WE ARE GOING AGAINST YALL SYSTEM!! F. y’all system!! 🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽 MY PEOPLE ARE RISING!!!! 🤡🤡🤡🤡 And everybody are waking up to this so called “Reality”
I don’t want to grow up I want to be a Toys R Us Kid
Nevermind the 836,000 plus dead from Covid.
Be nice to ur employees don't bully them  and give them good salary and they will stay , very EZ .
It’s not burned out...it’s fujb we are not going to pay taxes you fools!!!
Here's what I think happened. In 2020, the world essentially had a near-death experience. If you've had one of those personally, you know how it can reorient your entire life. Suddenly things that were so important like a job no longer mattered. I felt that in 2021 and I'm sure everyone began to look for more meaning. When you start to look for "MEANING" the first thing to go is the thing you really don't want to do, but you feel you have to and for most people, that's their JOB.
Look to the hiring per industry and job quiting per industry.  Then The wages on those industry. The growth on those sectors.
Looks like SC is a nice state.
Join r/antiwork
People moving to RED states. I wonder why??? 🤔
Government bullying is causing this. No one wants to be forced to take a vacine that has been proven not to be that effective and may well cost you your life or physical abilities. Especially now that the truth us out about Ivermectin and the other treatments available.
"Our associates that didn't come back found other opportunities and careers that fit their lifestyle better." Exactly.
I work from home - no gossip, no rumors, no nasty looks, managers talk to you when it is only work related, no conflicts with co-workers, no fake smiles, no interruption because somebody wants something -- I wish they said this on 60 minutes instead of non-significant stuff.  Toxicity is the main issue. Toxicity drains your energy when working in office.
They are leaving these jobs to start their own business
I lost my job in a June of 2020. As a single parent of 6 minors, ages 8 to 16, with school shut downs and countless quarantines, I can't get a hob outside of the home. I also haven't found a legit work from home job either.  Now, with the eviction moratorium set to expire in just days, in the dead of winter, My babies and I are going to find ourselves homeless. It 8s The scariest situation, Ever. Also, a whopping 1 stimulus package came my way. $600. I get no coherent assistance. I'm "not in an emergency situation. Come back when you are.". And, I do not get unemployment. My savings are completely gone. What am I supposed to do? The need is desperate. What's available for someone like myself, in such a situation? God Help Us. Amen!
Supply chain failure, less products sold, less employees needed. Took 2 months just to get a basic screen door in stock to purchase
There's few jobs that will train people to do new jobs. Employers are looking for the unicorn employee. Employers are tolerating the abuse of their employees. Tipped/gig employers are another problem. Customers feel they can treat employees like garbage. This country has allowed companies/rich to take away wealth from the majority of the people.
One additional note: remote working makes it easier for employers to seek employees from foreign countries. They do already and now this is giving them the opportunity to do more. The great resignation may actually backfire due to this.
Anyone who needs to ask why this is happening is a complete buffoon. “It’s not a work problem it’s a worker problem” my a**. Maybe, just maybe, it’s because corporate goons great people like garbage and pay starvation wages while the rich get richer
I mentioned it at the time to anyone that would listen That we were starting to Deport our workforce And our cheap labor And not to mention our good food. Now we are suffering in the consequences of bigotry
People are tired of abuse and low pay.
Employees are in the driver seat until the next economic collapse. Enjoy the ride.
CEO gets payed x350 of an average employee. Means you could hire only one person to do 350 people’s jobs
I KNEW the pandemic would FINALLY break the spell. Most people bust their tails at work just to pay for the things that enable us to go to work. Everything from paying someone else to raise your kid for most of their waking life, to the vehicle you need to get to work and EVERYTHING in between. It's insane!
I keep reading in the comments about how people are fed up with low wages. It is not wages that are low, it is the value of the money through dollar devaluation by our dear federal reserve that is the problem. Over time, Americans have lost purchasing power due to wages to keeping up with real inflation and now it is hitting the fan... Point your guns at the Federal Reserve for destroying our currency and at the BLS for lying about inflation.
Not all jobs created equal. If somebody stays home working from home definitely needs someone els work outside their home to balance the market!
"Resilience" is the stupidest word. You either keep going or you die. There's no other option.  It's also sad to see one of the biggest issues not talked about; employer abuse and mistreatment.
They should mention the fact that people are tired of being drug test for cannabis as well. Its 2022 we need to stop drug testing for cannabis period. I dont care what the job is. We as people have the right to smoke after work and on person time.
Employees are rightly refusing to wear a mask and/or take an experimental non-FDA approved vaccine.
We want free puppy’s and long vacations
It's worsen due to mandate vaccines. Employees don't want to get vaccinated, and so they get terminated. Instead of being concern of the ones who show lack of production at work, they're more concern about who hasn't taken their vaccines.
That's what happens when you try to force people into a corner to get an experimental drug like a lab rat and may they never forget that they work for us
Because of false news infection Fear hype.
While companies are paying higher salaries, they are also hiring fewer workers and expecting new employees to work harder to make up for those lost jobs. They aren't willing to lose profits just because they pay a few people more money.
Not better benefit, benefits period! You need to have benefits first, before you can better benefits. From the different news organizations I read, not kooks floating around the internet. I have not read an article about the companies, that pay benefits and those that do not, besides those few that are state mandated. Separate the pay scales management & hourly. The companies want you to be part of the ‘team’ but you don’t get paid like your part of the ‘team’. No benefits, so why would you want to stick around or come around.
Genz a bunch of lazy people
Tired of wearing face diapers 40 hrs week, and for 2 years.
Ppl tired of the bs those jobs not worth it I love it because it shows these companies we don't need em
The big govt scam is the politicians promise to double min wage from 7-15 dollars per hour then they print tons of currency to create inflation so your 15 is now worth 7 again, lol
Forced inoculation
Rents are only five grand a month!
Propaganda hit piece on getting us to get back to work, obvious
Who would have guessed that when the average server wage in America is a little over $2 an hour that no one wants to do it.
The reason Ok. Ill research
Am from the Bahamas I need a job
"Work" has been idealized as the desired end target. Primary motivation : 'money'. Earning income, sufficient to live, to pay for one's family, to move ahead.  I am old enough to remember a time when mostly 'men' worked, and women stayed home. When most US homes were 'single salary'. Women, by the late 1960s, no longer liked this, and wanted to work, as well. The belief being that a 'two income' home would really give a family a lot of money, a better life, greater freedom, more security. Instead, almost as if 'the system' sabotaged the women's movement, as soon as women enlarge began to work at jobs along with their husbands, the cost of everything - of everything - went up. The price for purchasing everything went up so much that now, even with two incomes, plus possibly the children bringing in extra income once they reach a certain age, has caused families to live 'worse' today, poorer today, more in debt today, than when the US was a single income - men only - society.
Obviously because of the mandates.
America's business model has been to pay service positions like hotel and retail crap wages - not to mention the verbal and overtime abuse given towards these employees. I stand fully in support of the workers and I hope they've moved on to better things.
Maybe people are sick of being underpaid and taken for granted. And also afraid of covid when they have children. They closed all day care.
Time to get dreamers work permits
Quitting? Why?? Because we had already given up on The American Dream as the rich continually became richer. We also are losing hope in this Democratic experiment. Why? Easy enough to see. The crimes, injustice, lies (incl. the Big Lie), the deception, corruption, kickbacks and on and on, go unpunished. Even CONGRESS cannot get compliance with subpoenas for documents, testimony or phone records. And the clock is ticking down. Do we believe America's established institutions will survive. Nope, not really. And as a Russian woman and immigrant told me four years ago, "We think Americans are naive an stupid." OF COURSE Putin has kompromat. That's what he has always done. And "IF AMERICANS do not ERADICATE Trump and Trumpism from positions of government leadership, AMERICA WILL BE A FASCIST STATE." That has been the plan all along. SO there's your answer.
All these people crying about how little they get paid and how they want power to go to the employee is hilarious. Start your own business and give it away to the people you hire if that’s what you want so bad. As far as I’m concerned an entrepreneur that took a risk gets to reap the reward.
Well that's "ONE" good thing that came out of this awful pandemic! Power to the People!!!
Benefits? Show me companies that have pensions.  Not a 401[k] but a real pension. Used to work where there were company picnics, medical, dental, vision at low prices. Overtime. Respect.  All gone. Unions will need to return to power to negotiate these things.
Why are they asking upper management, and these idiots who own businesses man?  Just ask the regular men and women quitting jobs if you really want to hear answers.  What I want to hear from upper management is, why are you lobbying government to hurt employees instead of finding ways to make workers want to stay?
I never stopped working at any point during the pandemic and I have a commute.  If I could find one of these "work from home" job that wasn't stupid like cold calling and had the same pay and benefits I'd so quit...  As for just quiting I don't have that luxury... (no I'm not in debt, thankfully).
Corporations used to be proud of the benefits they offered to employees. Now they are cutting benefits, i.e. vacation, sick time, funeral time, etc. Yet the company executives keep getting more and more bonuses and compensations.
Simple... the cost of living is going up so wages need to & work life balance... To many book smart people don't have the common sense to see that... THATS THE PROBLEM!!! If the CEOs won't change eventually people will leave America...
@ 1:43 The way he's looking at her, is like."  Damn can I get that number after this interview " 🙄🤣🤣🤣
This is called, The Great Awakening !!!
Lol it’s cause of entitled people raging on them
How are these people paying their bills?
This is an excellent report showing how the US is moving from the mentality of "live to work" to "work to live." One concern not mentioned is that many workers are expected to be available to communicate about work matters while they are not on the clock or even while they are on vacation. Assuming access to workers' private time is such an appalling overreach. Related to this, some industries expect people to come in on their time off if work is unexpectedly short staffed. Workers should be able to to enjoy their free time without intrusion.
So where are people working!?
This is a good thing. America doesn't have unions, so when businesses laid off or shut out employees with dependancies, or didn't pay them, they couldn't unionise and protect themselves.   Now with the shortage, employees are literally picking and choosing and that's great.
I thought 60 Minutes was now hiring, I clicked so fast 😅😅😅.
Happy for these gals !! Good for them.
I’m sure a vaccine mandate has nothing to do with it. Beware: Meet the Press said today that the reason our employment is down is because we haven’t had enough migrants. The MSM could be leading us to a push for more illegal aliens on behalf of the Govt. I hope I’m wrong.
Give people better opportunities
No one wants to be slaves for 200$ a week 😂
Oh dear.   I guess no one quit their job because of the NO JAB NO JOB!!!!!  Are you blind or just lying?
Personally, I'd like to see more jobs that work to address the social, economic, political, environmental (etc, etc) problems we have now. Why keep producing more "sh#t jobs" that only bring us back to the same problem years down the line? Create jobs and industries that fixes our problems and give people a sense of purpose and pride and a feeling that their work will add up to making the world a better place.
VACCINE 💉 MANDATES  VACCINE 💉 MANDATES VACCINE 💉 MANDATES
The american ppl want universal medical coverage people tired working and working paying taxes and seeing Gov  spending our money some where else i am a male and tired
But they said robots were going to replace us 🤣🤣
Supply and Demand. If supply is down, you pay more.  How do these finance geniuses not understand this? ...or maybe they don't want to.
people finally waking up to shtty environments they have been working in for years hopefully this is just the beginning of more change to come.
Not sure where this happening.  Not in my area. If you're lucky enough to even find decent work, anywhere in Pennsylvania,  you KEEP WORKING! This ain't 1979.
A cold is taking a toll on the workforce? Just a thought.. maybe vaccine mandates are also a factor?
Capitalism kills
This is not some odd phenomenon ppl realize including myself know you cant function with out workers just read the comments and tighten up if not places are getting wise
Great story.
The pandemic has increased the divide between rich and poor and the poor have had enough. Not only are they having to deal with the ever increasing attitudes of entitlement but they are waking up to just how underpaid they are. Mark May 1 on your calendars for the biggest worker strike America has ever seen. We are strong when we stand together.
“Maybe that is a question you should ask Chy-na.” DJT
After 11 years in the same company I am burnt out, Customer service is just getting harder and harder, people don't even try to understand we are trying to get to each individual after the pandemic..
The big quit is impacting low pay jobs most of all - where inflation hits people the hardest
Several reasons why, but the top one is we will not take your drugs.
My wife and I became self employed during the pandemic and started working from home. I used to work 12 hr shifts, exhausted and never home before Covid. Now we make more money than when we had regular jobs, I never imagined I’d be working from home but here we are self employed and on my own schedule God is good!
So stupid I watch the first 3 minutes of this and can’t watch it any longer! The real reason people are quitting is because the government was handing out money to everybody plain and simple.
I quit when my employer went full woke and now only hires and promotes every flavor of minority and discriminates against straight white males. Somehow they claim that it's not reverse discrimination by calling it equity.
Imo. Life is all about work life balance. Work to live. Don't live to work.
It was Covid
I quit in Oct. because I injured myself on the job and I was scared of Covid.
i guess chocolate ppl only help other chocolate ppl thanks for the infommercial
Yeah maybe it was Covid
YEAHH..THE BIDEN ADM...IS HANDING OUT$$$$..2  WAT 2 MANY LOOSERS+  FLAT OUT LAZY WORKERZZ!!!..SHAME ON THESE LAZY SLOTHFUL PEOPLE!!!..IM SURE NOT GOIN 2 FOOT THE BILL 4 THEM...DONT WORK U DONT EAT!!!
It is not entirely a worker exodus. Recently, Fox News covered a story about a guy who applied to 60 entry level jobs, but heard back from just 1. Oftentimes, the employers want overqualified workers at absurdly low wages. People are just fed up with this.
I'm sorry but some of this is laziness. My mother always taught me if you are unhappy with your job and want to leave then look for a new job and keep working till they find it.
I don't know. My friend went to an interview and she was told she is the 150th person to apply
We know what has happened ...You guys are the jackasses
enough is enough with employers, theres no you with out us
does the vax mandate plays any part in this?
No more immigrants? Was it the wall?
Your revenue doubled. I wonder if any revenue trickled down to the workers...
it is CCP pests not China that is deceitful. More Action Needed . ! Do not be DECEIVED. . DELAYS, just give CCP a winning streak . ! Show NO MERCY to its Pests . . ! Make deceitful CCPs pay . . !  NO TO DEMOCRATS' & CCP's DECEIT . . ! DECEIT killed more people of humanity than GENOCIDE of millions CCP pests . . ! The only remedy x Engaged DECEIT , .  PLA/N, destroy Xi's ignorant & inhumane legacy for the sake of Chinese people . . .  These thugs can not distinguish sovereignty from territory. . and do not even understand the value of people in their roles on such.  In our opinion, the PLA/N instructed to win wars, must be nuked early. Sniped of its heads . !  STOP  CCP's DECEIT & GREED . . ! PARTITION CHINA . . .  Be BRAVE, Bravemen ! Enucleate pests out of Beijing . . Otherwise, break CPC's CORE . . !  Execute all possible calibrated strategy, ASAP ! Let their ways be applied to them, 4fold.  We can isolate & barricade Scarborough Shoal by water and air . . !   Bravemen, Include ARREST of illegal occupants & PLA Military facility Development at  LAC (LADAKH), Mekong, Yellow Sea, Senkaku, Taiwan Strait, SCS /West Philippines Sea on FONOPS . . !  DENY Debt traps . . !  Do not allow leaders and arm forces of nations take advantage of their constituents . . . BRAVEMEN . !  BE ACTIVELY READY  . . Reinforce & ensure interoperability, spontaneous  /simultaneous responses &  capacity. Do not let us be outpaced by pests . . ! Finish Kinetics in 7200H . . .  UNSEAT CHINA's permanency out from UNSC . . . Nuclear capacity is not the lone determinant of security . ! in considering, opposed to which mean, the 5 is fooling humanity . O China, onverge repeat of history, embrace value of human life more than a pinch of soil, otherwise belt & road shall be sidelined . . !  East Turkistan, Tibetans, South Mongolians, Gansuams, Qinghais, Tajikistans, Russians, Papuans, Yunans, Sichuans, Manchurians, Hong Kongers/ Taiwan's, Uighurs , Indians, Paks, Thais, Sri Lankans, MyanMars, Aussies, Indonesians, Malays, Bhutans , Viets, Koreans, Japanese, Nepalese, Palauis, Aussies, Canadians, Argentines, Brazilians, Peruvians, Europeans, Good Russians & CCPs, EQUIP/ ARM yourselves, We can outnumber CCP pests . .  Let's Help Strengthen the US Military- Industrial-Educational complex to gain confidence in Arrests.  Are there anyone out there who can afford to decapitate these deceivers/ erring professionals . . ?  DECEIVER BY CENTURIES . , !  cut all our trade umbilical cords with these deceivers . . . , now ! This is No matter how containment applied if these people allowed to trade worldwide . . Otherwise, our economic opportunities, edge & capacity shall  be grabbed out from our hands in  exponential rate . .  mga p.i. nyo, manlilinlang . !  Gawin nyong rutina ang ginawa sa jfr sa scarborough . .   arestuhin mo kung ayaw paKuyog paLabas ng wps . . .  Hindi lng monitoring at diplomatic protests mga Sir, kailangan ang mga siko at kamao ntin mga Sir . . Pati testosterone ntin mga Sirs . .  Anong karapatan ng Pilipino ang aalagaan nyo . . ?  Bka mga manok nyo lang ang inaalagaan nyo . . .  Ano maitutulong nyo mga taga SolGen sa property concern sa wps ? Bka nman pwede ring iEject o singilin mga Cheqwa ng space rental. . . Ano say nyo mga magigiting na SolGenerals . . ?  Blame it to the CCPs & erring Democrats . . . Occupy Beijing mindset, people . . !  Control perimeters, Gaza including Ayatollah's destructive future, Israel . . ! Start with the mother & child, Israel . . !  Truth in Election cannot be traded with delays . . . Delays provide sustenance of the CCP pests .   The US Gov't now, is likened to a patient in ICU bed, in manual ventilation and in awakening state being self infused w/ fentanyl.  Lock up/gag on the professional who manifests any bit of falsity so as not to negatively influence positive operations. Include justices, judges & officers of the court. So long as the legal professional, judge/ justice dictates time to settle election issue results, nowhere will we can go. Let's make up time . . Swiftly, pls . .  Why dont you measure person's IgG x Covid b4 jabbing so as to check first immunity & proper allocation of vaccine to areas or people not immuned w/ Pls share Pittsburg's (PittCoVacc) patch type Covid vaccine .  Publicity generals may have overdone their work . .
I'm an Amazon worker in California and one of our biggest rules the company goes by is "Safety, we want you to leave the same way you came in" and that right there is a lie. People would come in sick, pained from an injury or had just lost someone near and dear to them and amazon sometimes will help but most times tell the individual to use their own time and figure things out themselves. They are also Ill equipped with the knowledge of how to deal with things because of new managers coming in from school and not knowing the ins and outs of Amazon's Protocol, their Rules and Regulations, and their basic ethics. Sometimes it's not worth working for them.
I GOT AN IDEA... FREE PS5 HIRE ON BONUS. . GET ALL THOSE GAMERS OFF THEIR ARSES AND BE PRUDUCTIVE GUINEA PIGS
Can I get a living wage
Notice how the employment gap is in the service and retail sectors. What about tech jobs where the educational barrier to entry is much higher? What are we seeing there?
What I don’t understand is what are these people doing for income.
I’ve worked for a company for 17 years. Total hourly wage increase is $2.00 more an hour. I want to quit so bad I might take less money just to find an employer that gives cost of living wages.
These companies are happy they have all these openings.  Their payroll costs have gone way down.  Lousy customer service?  Who cares, stick it to the consumer - it will be just as bad for them elsewhere. Yeah, they're not desperate to  hire, they're laughing all the way to the bank.
The government should rent out prisoners  I'm pretty sure they're  tired of working at home
I worked for Fortune 100 industrial that begins with the letter H. As people quit, they just piled the work on to those who remained. They also instituted furloughs and hiring freezes so they can pay out Dividends to keep the stock price up, so the Executives who gave up Bonuses, maintained their perks in Stock Options.  This destroyed the Morale and accelerated the “burn-out” of the staff, which, of course, pushed those folks to quit next.   Low and behold, after 16 months, the Biz Unit was rendered so ineffective, that they were forced to move tasks to Mexico and India.  So, now those jobs ain’t coming back to N.America.    My advice is to avoid Publicly traded corps at all costs, bc when push comes to shove, they will put the Wall Streets interests before the Employees... and even the USA.
Crappy workplace And pay while inflation is over 6%. Stagnant salaries are not worth it
Donny deported all the Mexicans with expiring green cards...or killed off the 830k ...
Did you interview more than one person who resigned, maybe you should have a larger sample. Healthcare workers have been used and abused for two years. We are sick of fighting the same battle every day. I finally burned out permanently. I was offered a 20 cent retention to stay. Forget it. The CEO of the healthcare system I work for was paid an 9 million dollar bonus for 2021
Well well well It's OBVIOUSLY about the VIRUS! Fckn idiots trying to spin another story.
Karin Kimbrough looks llike Natalie Cole.
I quit my job and I'm not looking back. If I knew then what I knew now, I would've never wasted my time with college. I'm not thinking about buying an overpriced home, I enjoy renting. I finally understand less is more!
Some jobs have hundreds of resumes submitted, but they don't actually hire anyone. The same job postings, from same businesses, are reposted. Indeed showed hundreds applied for certain hotel and food manager jobs....no one got hired.
I used to break my back for patients working as a nursing assistant. Worker problem? More like business owners not paying enough for equipment costs and adequate pay. F  * for thinking it's a worker problem. You wonder why your grandma is dying at the nursing home? Look at the owner not the lack of workers.
This will change dramatically in less than two yrs when the remote jobs start getting eliminated and people realize they are actually working more when they are working from home.
Four jobs from home!! 4x the income!
You don't quit a good job, you leave because you know that anywhere else you might go is gonna be the same or better. "Finding the individuals" is an easy fix, hire foreigners.
Service Industry,  hospitality industry, retail industry all sectors of the economy that rely heavily on individuals but industries that treat those individuals like something that needs to be scraped off the bottom of one's shoes. These are people that work extremely long hours for the most minimal of pay, no health benefits, toxic environments, hostile management and who finally said enough is enough take this job and shove it.
Gotta just love the diversity here
Paying for education is huge! Maybe also pay for student loan debt.
Because they think asset prices will go up forever and that the dollar won’t collapse. Many are in for a rude awakening
Lazy people mooching off the government. They definitely shouldn't receive any government aid at all. You should work for EVERYTHING you get in life!! Some people are quitting because they don't want to be forced to take a vaccine. But they shouldn't get any government aid either. It's fine to quit your job as long as you have the money to take care of yourself without any help from the government.
Not wanting to work then getting upset when places are closing, products are unavailable, you can't have it both ways.
LOVE THIS!!!  GIVE THE POWER BACK TO THE PEOPLE!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏🙏
No more drug testing please. It's humiliating
Nobody's gonna pay my damn bills!
Open the border and boom.... cheap labor.
All together now… jabberdoo!!
Everyone should start trading the market.
Remote jobs will be given to people overseas with “Virtual Assistants”
And Fox News said it was because of the stimulus/benefits checks. WRONG! Fox News is beyond stupid.
2008: You better go to college or else you'll be flipping burgers for the rest of your life! 2012: What do you mean, you can't find a job!? Are you too good to flip burgers!? 2016: You want $15 an hour to flip burgers!? Ugh, millennials are so entitled! 2020: Nobody wants to flip burgers anymore! Why doesn't anyone want to flip burgers anymore!?
The Colombians & Venezuelans gonna start working this jobs they don’t speak English, they wanna work to send money back to their countries
On one hand I'm happy for people wanting to change for their careers, the other hand, people not wanting to work & just get unemployment it's a contributing factor to our country collapsing.
Treat people with respect and pay them more,. That’ll be a good place to start.
This is the DUMBEST REPORT I HAVE SEEN! We ALL know THIS! Media we are going to report on why society is quiting to society. LORD HELP US!
The pandemic. I’ve been working since I was 16 and I’ve always said the most dangerous thing that you can do is give a person time to think and I’m telling you every decision or change that ever happened in my life is because I stopped for a moment and thought about what I wanted for my life to make it better.  I was working for a doctor I decided to go to school for nursing. I’m working at a hospital now  I’m in school to get my masters and become a public health nurse. If  you give people time to think about the fact that they’re basically rats in a cage or hamsters on a wheel they’re going to change their lives. That is what I feel like  people are realizing that they are woefully under-appreciated and  underpaid.
THIER TIRED OF WORKING.
I worked a factory 🏭 job for 6 six years straight...I think it did some permanent damage to my body as they worked us 6 to 7 days a week & at the least 3 to 4 of the days were 12 hr shifts. I had to take my life back because I literally spent more time at work than I did at home.
Workers have become soft and are insulated by employers rules for being employed that makes sense in any business, I had to pay more for the same late, texting, smoke break employee up to the point that it was no longer worth it and finally downsized to where I can run my business by myself, it's actually better and has improved my quality of life.
Everyone should rejoice that people now know their value.
More people are making money in stocks and crypto, if they are SMART, so they don't have to work in labor and retail as much. If an employer can't pay its lowest-paid FT starting worker a minimum of $52,000 a year ($25 an hour), then that business should not be in business at all.
This is what "Atlas Shrugged" looks like in real life...
One amazing fact is that most of the large corporations are ALWAYS looking for workers, even when they have no vacancies.  HR departments are continuously seeking resume's "just in case" they need someone to replace a worker who may be fired, or who dies, or who leaves.  That is why the "Job Vacancy" statistics are crap.
I Think A lot Of People Are Tired Of The BS  Me Being a African American Male Being Mistreated In The Work Place And Also Under Payed. Now You Add In The Pandemic Naw. I'm Now Self Employed And Love It.
it's not worth the pay. or the headache of putting up with hr. or seeing nearly $200 from every paycheck taken for payroll taxes. the laws favor the employer not employees, yeah you got the anti-harassment laws but employers don't follow thru. the only insurance my employer is interested in enrolling me is this worthless life insurance policy they benefit from &  i have been fighting my employer for 5 mos. over. hr delays sending me my checks over this. my employer stressed me out to the point of making me sick.
mucho jobs  and mucho homeless  🙄
Option 1: Work a miserable job and still be unable to pay rent Option 2: Do what I want all day and be unable to pay rent  2 sounds better
California Expensive
You reap what you sow. You still need to work to earn a living, so either way people would still have to go work to pay their bills. So if one person is being employed every 15 seconds why is there high unemployment world wide? This video is full of BS.
It's the pandemic! Everyone is very tense and depressed.
Probably so they don't have to wear your stupid mask all day long
America doesn't care about the workers, they got the bulk of the stimulus money, poor mouthing, acting entitled and greedy has backfired and it ain't hardly over
WFH= replaced by a Hindu.
The big handout leads to the big quit.
Rich people the only hope for humanity. They are the light of the world. Enjoy there light while it's still lasts. The day will come when there is weeping and nashing of teeth.
Stay at current job: you're fortunate if you get a 5% raise each year.   Switch jobs: you have the leverage to negotiate a 20-30% raise, maybe even more if you've got good negotiating skills and an in-demand skills.   Company loyalty died when employee pensions died.
It's not a lack of employee problem, it's a lack of respect and pay problem.
Theres no reason to work 80 hours a week and only get paid pennies.
Vaccine mandates
The "Land of Opportunity" can no longer be the land where you die in someone else's workspace surrounded by strangers/co-workers from a job that asked too much of you while the executive spends their workday and working time with their family and friends.   The executives don't work harder, they don't even work smarter. Their pay was and still is based on how many people they can layoff in 3 months while still maintaining output.  That compression of work on fewer and fewer workers was never a long term solution - but it has become the corporate operating model for far too many companies.  The stock market is about to show the effects of it soon enough.
Why? Lots of reasons: not getting paid well or properly for the work we do, being asked to "pick up slack" and not getting compensated for it, not getting benefits beyond a simple paycheck, toxic work environments, not being able to take time off or getting severely punished or berated for doing it. That's more than enough reasons, but there are more I'm not aware of I'm sure
Telling people "Get this or lose your job" didn't help.
People are moving away from the cities and states with the mandate
HIRE ME!!!!!!!
So this nonsense! Those are poor paying low skill jobs! The jobs offering a livable wage are far and few between. This is a mess
Yes!
You can't afford to move out without a $17-20 bucks an hour job. Anything below that is a hobby companies have been getting away with this for too long and now the chickens have come home to roost.
I didn't quit my boss had a temper tamptron because her man and her fuss I NEVER called in sick . I worked over to help a single server and the next shift was late 12 hr shift and I got fired for needing rest . And the Costomer wasn't even my guest tipped 100$ to me but did I get my tip? No.
🥰🙏❤️
I've applied for 10 jobs, they take the application, and they all have the sign in their windows, but guess what, when asked if they are hiring the answer is NOT AT THIS TIME. This is just a cover for Universal basic income, which was tested with the unemployment checks back in 2020.
People quitting their jobs, but housing prices are on the rise…?
Retail/ restaurant jobs go overboard using their employees, running them down. I’m a hard worker. I worked at Walmart for 17 years & they fired me & a ton of other workers that were long term. At places like Walmart once they realize you need your job they put unrealistic amounts of work/stress on the workers. A lot of people make jokes about Walmart workers never working but that couldn’t be further from the truth
The  traditional 8 hour work day/5 day work week 40 hour work week is antiquated. 4 days a week 7 hours a day for 30 hours max. Let’s start there. If I were an employee I’d demand a 6 hour work day and 4 day work week. Get your life back workers
No Latinos or Asians interviewed…
I don't know, because a lot of employers treat their employees like s***? Could that be it.  🤔. Or how about people treating service industry people like crap. Service industry people are not your dogs.
Poor reporting!  No mention of those fired or quit because they refused the jab.  Impeach the president of the USA.
I’ve worked in the same restaurant for 10 years. The amount of people who have said to me “no one wants to work” during the pandemic when we were short staffed, is unreal. When the reality was our kitchen staff was not being paid enough, working terrible hours, and forced to try and achieve unrealistic expectations. They all worked the entire shutdown. None of them received unemployment. They simply had an awakening. Realized this job was not for them. So they quit. Found new jobs. Better jobs. And to that I say, good for you.
After reading a lot of these messages, I see people are jumping right on board and lieing to themselves, sad....
Life is too short…but it’s even shorter when you quit your job to enjoy life and die of starvation.      “Winners never quit and quitters never win.”    America is in trouble largely due to our school system not touting traditional values.
Everybody wants to be a youtuber.🤣🤣
This is the start of a new democrat lie. 20 million people quit.... No people laid off and paid more to stay home. Until more people wake up, not woke up, we are going to sink fuether to poverty as a whole
I think this is really out of touch. Of course professionals are going to have a lot more choices they always have to a degree. Do an interview with the grunt making minimum wage and see how this goes.
I have to wonder if a lot of this started AFTER the 2008 financial meltdown? A LOT of people started learning to downsize, live more within their means, and be more frugal. In that metamorphosis, perhaps a lot of couples working 2 and three jobs between themselves, could quit one, or even two now? Also, with the advent of ecommerce, and many many other work at home "E Jobs", people can quit conventional jobs, and start a new career at home. ALSO platforms like YouTube, are actually providing decent incomes for people with creative abilities. In short, things have BEEN changing, and COVID might just be the final straw, or influence, as to peoples wondering about WHAT they want to do now. Drastic but not hasty, decisions. Oh yeah, and let's not forget Uber, Lyft, etc, even more independent jobs to try out, and break away from the corporate rat race! LOL
It's almost like humans are not puppets 🤔
I'm sure employer vaccine mandates have nothing to do with it
Its simple people have realized they only have one life and they're not going to waste it on something that makes them miserable
The jobs I've had in the past didn't respect my time or my responsibilities  outside of the workplace..I couldn't take off to handle business and if I needed to leave early for whatever I couldn't...and they were too demanding for no pay...and I was full time but now I'm PRN and make my own schedule I'm happier and I still work as if Im full time so it wasn't about me being lazy...and those jobs were very toxic
Lol benefits that’s cute
Dealing with today’s irate public is causing people to quit in droves...
I love this so much. You want people to work for you? Pay far better, offer benefits and stock options. Participate in your business if you want to retain loyal employees, otherwise we don’t need you.  I can already see a lot of people saying what about small businesses I feel like if you can afford to pay someone what would be a living wage you still are going to have to participate and maybe can’t expand just yet.
If u quit being a waiter/waitress and found something else, there is no going back. For what? For not knowing how much money you'll make that work day? Serving rude customers? Working night shifts?
I haven’t worked in nearly a year. I suffered a traumatic brain injury in March making it difficult to walk and talk for months. I still struggle severely. I rarely missed work over the course of 15 years at my company as an architectural project manager. Many years I wouldn’t call in once. I received short term disability but the Hartford is making it as difficult as possible to receive long term even with multiple diagnosis from doctors, records of physical and occupational therapy, neurological modulation treatment, vision therapy treatment records etc. I haven’t received any form of income for nearly 6 months and have pulled out my 401k. I would give my right arm to work again but Im certain I will be homeless one day soon.
If I had childcare I would be snatching a good job right now!!
People are realizing that there slaves and there money is worthless
Because a lot of Americans are tired of working meaningless jobs with bosses that just use them as a warm body to fill places don't pay them a living wage expect them to work crazy hours and tax the crap out of people so after it's all said and done you bring home nothing and are expected to survive. People are tired of living paycheck to paycheck and want better wages so they can actually afford to live a middle class life at the least. We are the richest country in the world yet we have many poor people overworked and underpaid staff that are treated like garbage by their bosses and people are tired of it. People are saying to these companies we don't need you you need us so therefore pay us what we're worth pay us a living wage or you will have no workers and therefore you will have no company and therefore you will not have no money to line your fat pockets.
I work at a gas station. I hate my job, people, nasty demanding customers, and other employees who “don’t care”. But I have bills I have to pay. I can’t afford to quit. Plus I can’t find anything that pays more in my area.
Because of the devils juice being forced on us Pure Bloods
I applaud those who have chosen this path. I did in 2017 and never looked back. I do earn less but I spend more time with family which is good for our health and society in general because we are all far happier. Just think about the benefits of happier people in society! Less violence, better health, more capacity to help others. If you have kids to raise it really is a no brainer. The biggest tip I can give you is get out of the cities!
Good report. You hit on several valid reasons for this phenomenon. But one often overlooked is abuse toward employees. People are not only burned out but fed up. With the coronavirus many have been understandably doing some soul searching. I read one story about a big jump in people starting their own businesses. Lots of work but you are your own boss and you don't have to put up with anyone elses garbage. I've been short changed, deprived of hours, dumped on far more than my fair share of hours, not paid what I earned, given the most boring or difficult of assignments from doing drawings that any 1st grader could do in mechanical drafting to taking care of patients with horrific cascades of health problems. Many are forced into chaotic and unhealthy schedules- shift work where every two weeks or so the timing of your shift changes from day to swing to graveyard. This kind of schedule can seriously impact your health. I could write a novel about this, and/or not being able to find a job. Just being allowed to starve... Thank God, a family member passed and left me enough to get by on. Retired. With what I went through in those days, I dare say I earned it. No wonder people are quitting.
The vaccine mandates are a big cause as well, let’s not forget that either.
Ladies, get off your caboose and get back to work!
If you stopped the "vax or test" self destructive demand, you would have applicants.
LinkedIn needs to rethink there strategy with algorithms platforms for hrs . hrs are so out of date.
They have it up but they really not hiring
Because is a job is nothing but a bunch of work
Lazy, free money, and they get to be a couch potatoes... Lazy,Lazy,Lazy
This lady doctor is Full of it.  Sounds nice, but no that's not why people leave.  They're being given ultimatums, and that's no way to work.
Its great that americans are finally starting to realize that the workers own the economy and themselves rather than ceo's and the 1%. Workers need to take back the country as they are the gears the keep the country going. Know your worth and fight for your rights to live the life you want to live
i like how they dance around the big elephant in the room people are leaving CITIES. why? theres no benefit to a city anymore, the cities got locked down the most and that made americans realize "hey I could jus amazon the mall to my house if i move to a rural area"
when you work, you got paid... when you dont work, you also got paid... guess which people prefer?
If retail stores paid good money you'd see me stocking shelves.
They're NOT.   They're being made to leave because of the STUPID MANDATES.
Try living in Seattle, San Francisco, NYC, or DC $2,700 a month to live comfortably.  No govt benefits should be paid out to ppl who don’t want to work either. In the Bible it says, “A person don’t work, a person don’t eat.”
Employers still look at your graduation dates high school and college degrees and pass .
Americans are done with this out of control administration - they are controlling what they can control - and who they work for and under which conditions is under their control.
Why is this surprising? Politicians force people to stop working by shutting things down, the government sends 3 waves of stimulus checks, low wage workers quitting jobs where they never liked before anyway, etc. However, it appears where I live in NYC things are picking back up and there is a high demand for renting here (I know, my lease ends on the 31st and the landlord jacked my rent up 1K because of this [I got a deal during the height of the pandemic and now things are in demand again]).
I came on here under another screen name, “thee truth” and made an innocuous, satirical comment about how people didn’t want to work because they could make more money selling their bottled farts online.  60 minutes censored me and took down my post.  Stop watching 60 minutes, they don’t believe in free speech!
Better give them a better reason to work
Yea my ex had to quit her job of 16 years  cause her boss refused to give month off for family reasons. Her father is dying and they wouldn't give her a transfer or vacation. Unpaid vacation too. She couldn't wait. Her mother died a year and a half ago.
Many people turning to tiny home living as well. I've been seeing some creativity out there to keep life simple ❤️
American workers were abused and miss treated. They rightly walked out.
You used to be able to live off the land, in harmony with nature.  The idea of working 30-40 years with little time off just to retire and die is not a life.  This idea was created by the rich so they don’t have to work at all.  We don’t need new Nikes and cars or whatever to be happy. You just need a fulfilling life……
U can’t rake in $💰💰Billions and Millions in profit and then only pay $12 per hour to your employees
companies r not hiring everyone discrimination against those who have medical cards or those with disabilities or those who dont fit the comapnies image r not getting hired dispite citizens having licenses for the job
Would have been good reporting if you'd interviewed more workers.
Increase minimum wage to $15 nationwide and see this problem go away in weeks
The increase in pay is what all Americans should have been making 10 years ago. Government, Corporate, Wall Street greed have exploited and driven this country into the ground.
There was a TIME when many could live on 1 income... Now partners (a 2 income family) are working 60 or more hrs a week, 1 check away from living on the streets.... People would rather move to a lower cost of living, working less for other's, but making family the PRIORITY again. No my husband hasn't left his job!!! Not having time for family has definitely driven our decision on sacrificing $$$ for FAMILY!!! One week of vacation with your family is no longer enough!!!
Every employer wants to be a billionaire but not a one wants to learn how to treat a human like they would wanna be treated..
Give them paid leave (annual leave and sick leave)
One of the major reasons why employees are quiting is the new management trend of third world abusive behavior towards the employee, management are creating beyond toxic work environment. American workers are not tolerating this unacceptable management behavior and quiting.
Lesley the fake reporter communist propaganda, I quit because I'm not willing to give this tyrannical government any more taxes, & I'm promoting it all over the internet, lay flat like the Chinese kids are doing , they are done with communism.
People are making $$ with smart phones now.  It’s to easy these days.  People are realizing on real ways to make real $ and working for themselves.
The vaccine mandates!
I made a industrial plant a lot of money for years.  Didn’t make me any money or bring any value to my life over time why waste your life for a greedy corporation that just uses American workers and exploits American workers
Because the pay is horrible, workers are exploited, yet the billionaires get richer while the average worker doesn't have money for a health emergency.  Invest in unions, invest in communities, invest in the AMERICAN people! NOT for the billionaires!
I’d prefer to sell ice-cream on a Florida beach than being in a s..h.i. T  supermarket like Walmart or an Amazon warehouse .
myself & others I know want no part of financing a gov't that puts is rail ees ahead of Americans. THAT is problem # 1, DC is run from tel aviv
Bad customers in the service industry.
I'm not a Marxist but we need a UBI..
This is what employer's get for treating their employees like crap for decade's. Toxic, abusive, and manipulating management too. How does it feel to have the shoe on the other foot??
What the heck are people eatng? Where are they sleeping?
Because corporations don't care about people!
I hate how pre-pandemic, a lot of employers still stuck in the past were adamant that workers had to come to the office, but now have no choice but to allow flexible work arrangements and working from home, otherwise perish. It’s been proven with today’s virtual environments and tools, that most “office jobs” you don’t really need an “office” to be successful.
i went from making 15 an hour to 23 an hour doing the same job. so yea.... employees have the power!
You learn to live without and get creative.
They say there aren't enough workers? Right.  F you 60 Minutes. People are sick of being effed over by people like you peddling this b.s. neoliberal worldview. People need to get paid more. The media is corrupt. The system only works for people like you and all the people you interviewed for this fluff piece.  Capitalism requires an expendable workforce.
The dollar turns to trash fast with all these inflation games. I have new respect for those living paycheck to paycheck. Saving is a losing problem. Investing is a gambling problem.
The workplace is as toxic as it gets. I am sorry if you feel otherwise. Companies lie cheat and steal and treat their workers like garbage. People and co-workers are truly insane.
In Bidens America, what's the point in working when the government will pay you to do nothing for society.  Why work when taxes are outrageous. We fight for better pay, finally get it, and then the government has to stick it's dirty fingers in our pockets when they raise taxes.. Groceries are more expensive, gas is ridiculous, and we have corrupt Politicians (on both sides) pushing their agendas that serve the American people NO GOOD whatsoever. It's terrible.
No company that pays a working wage has a problem hiring people.
Funny how many Americans say that employees know their worth by not "settling" anymore on their jobs.....just be honest guys....YOU DONT WORK BECAUSE THE GOVERNMENT INCENTIVIZED YOU BEING LAZY.... Any work has dignity....if you acquire skills and knowledge you get up the ladder....that is the meritocracy...that is how America became "the dream" for people like us overseas....but now....you have become a nation of victims...and crimes...and "racism"
I explained it three words new world order!!!!🖕😷💉💊🤫👀
WHY WORK FOR 30,000 A YEAR WHEN THE GOV TAKES 40%
Props to the restaurant owner, he knows why people aren’t returning
Why should I waste my time building someone else's business. They can fire me anytime. Workers want equity and protection. Take your job and health insurance and shove it
Finally Americans may be changing from “live to work” to “work to live!” Its about time
The wages has to go up when gas rent food people are sinking fast there drowning and. we have to save them it's getting out of hand
"There are just 1000s upon 1000s of available jobs in america right now and co are eager to hire but workers are being very choosey" - Thats a funny way of saying companies aren't willing to pay or being flexible!lol
These people keep talking about “jobs” that are unfilled. But they’ve failed to mention that these are jobs where people aren’t making any money. If you’re poor working 40 hours week, walking away from a job means nothing.
I just quit my job and I work for myself.  Mexico here I come
BECAUSE, how are people supposed to work, when at any given moment, you will cancel children’s school? This isn’t really difficult.
Aren't you tired of living at your moms at age 50 yet? Working 40 hours a week at your job...that didn't pay enough to make your own home possible? Yup
100 year is not short but most just dont know how to put it to good use
March 2020 was an eye opening event on a historic level.
Bring Filipinos in America we will apply any job out there
The Fed is the real government. The want to create a society of depended slaves of the state.
These same companies want already experienced workers. The experienced workers these companies already have are often underpaid and they aren't looking to train up new people. I don't believe it's a lack of worker problem.
Restaurant prices are going through the roof. Won't need many employees to feed me.
"workers are being very choosy"  Whats actually happened: Workers have been given (often for the first time in their working lives) a breath of "financial air" and are finally demanding living wages and benefits. This makes the predatory "nO oNe WaNts To WoRk" businesses easy to spot and avoid.   The workers that are demanding fairer wages and benefits are usually getting it as long as they're unionized. This shouldn't be the case, but it is - because our country is about one thing: unbridled, profit at any cost, capitalism.   As a (post?) capitalistic society, we have to make the choice as a country to be pro-union. The silver lining of this pandemic is that it has leveled the playing field *to an extent* - some people have been fortunate enough to be able to afford to take a breath and look around...but unions are still needed.   Now, more than ever.
The problem is that Americans don’t have enough vacation time. That’s why I really think they’re burned out
Employers spent years after the 2008 crash just stripping everything from employees: benefits, reasonable hours, pay increases (even for inflation) -- it's been disgusting. And when the pandemic hit, employers didn't even care if people died. And now they have the nerve to call people lazy. 😠
People don't want to die nor to put their family at risk from getting COVID while serving tables and taking care of others.
People who can are working from home.
A huge increases in business licenses.
The solution is communism. Force them to work or face the firing squad. Make America great again!
60 min did not mention LOW WEDGES!!
Why Floriduh?  Austin and NC ok.
You noticed how the rich are suffering from all of this!!! They decided to do a 60 minutes 😂😂😂
Goodbye America I am Moving to Ireland . In America the Minimum Wage should be between $80 to $100 an hour if not Quit its Time Workers get the Power back
I love seeing this. I hope something good comes from this
Ezekiel 33:28  “For I will lay the land most desolate, and the pomp of her strength shall cease; and the mountains of Israel shall be desolate, that none shall pass through.
@3:47, That guy has mad ladder carrying skills!!
I don't live in a first world country so this is hard for me to grasp.  How can you just quit your job, if you have nothing else lined up.  How do you put food on the table. Value or self worth is meaningless if you cannot provide the most basic things fur your family.  Where i live there is zero support from the state,  here you pay for everything.  So no money,  no life.  If I have no job my family and I end up in the street
People are also getting offered obscene amounts of money for their houses.
People are moving away from crime, taxes, and government over-reach in democrat run cities. I used to trust 60 minutes, but it’s so far left now. Of people who quit left for other jobs, then why is the unemployment rate so high?
Because of the toxic workplaces/ customers and the rent prices in big cities are too high
The way I see it, if the court doesn't stop the mandates, businesses will close down. Some employers deserve it.
Some employers are not paying the sign on  bonuses they've promised.   Report them to the department of labor in your local city.
Let's go Brandon. Trump 2024
The jobs are literally worthless with the cost of living drastically outpacing wage growth. Retail? Restaurants? Please... Zero chance of survival there.
Employers have treated their workers like they are easily replaceable.  Okay, so now replace your staff and treat the new guys like crap just like you did the old guys.  Then, see what happens.
Q When employers don't pay a LIVING WAGE.  HOUSING FOOD TRANSPORTATION  HEALTH INSURANCE  The truth...giving $1 an hour raise AND RAISING PRICES ON EVERYONE ON EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE....is an illusion people on the street are FED UP WITH.  THE ILLUSION IS THAT NOW YOU CAN AFFORD TO LIVE. IN SHORT. NO. NO YOU CAN'T.  PEOPLE SEE THROUGH THE BULSHIT.  Q
Burn out and time away sounds compelling. But low paying jobs aren’t worth it when the government gives people money. It’s so obvious. Dependence on the government is the oak of this administration with a socialist agenda. Control. Power.
Time to get rich yall. Work 2 jobs 😎
Answer: Stop paying them free (stimulus) money!
Minimum wage jobs are not meant to be a career and not meant to sustain a family.  This is why parenting is important.  Good parents will teach their kids the value of education and help them choose majors in STEM fields.  If you have kids and don’t save for their college education then you are setting them up to fail.
PEOPLE ARE FED UP THATS WHY
LOL. No mention while discussing the exodus from Chicago, SF, NYC, Chicago about how Americans are fleeing  big Blue cities and moving to Red states because of the massive spikes in violent crime and draconian, tyrannical, non-scientific, ineffective,  unconstitutional Covid responses. Both made reality courtesy of failed Liberal Democratic policies and leadership. How...convenient.
Until 2019 most Americans who worked only basic hours truly believed that it was part of the american dream to work long hours in multiple jobs... After the virus people who had firm employment with minimal hours...now have to work in jobs they are over qualified for p, for next to no money...requiring additional jobs just to access healthcare.  This is the beginning of the end of the empire.
Id like to know how these people are paying for the things that cost everybody something everyday?You cant survive on Unemployment every week. And if you quit your job you dont qualify for unemployment.And see these woman are living off of thier own family and thats pathetic.
Our Democrats should join the GOP in those insane tax breaks, in exchange for salary increases & share options.  Make Americans feel invested.  Like home ownership.
They don’t pay enough that’s why . It’s funny when I go to target and customers act like target employees are suppose to know where everything is at . Just look yourself
I was going to watch this video to the end but, f it I quit.
We're quitting because we're sick and tired of being time clock slaves to the greedy corporations that do nothing but rape this country for profit! We're tired of the 40 hour a week dictatorship, and BS NEWS channels like this one!
This could be the period where more and more become entrepreneurs.  Work is just like school, so why not take the life learnings and create a world to experience. Sooner or later it's time to graduate.
White people don't like to work, hence capitalism, doi.
When a fast food company makes over $20 billion in revenue and pay it's workers $10 dollar an hour, then that's not "Minimum Wage". This is "Modern Slavery."
They are quitting because of the vaccine mandate
WHAT'S NEXT: Workers from other countries come to take these vacancies.
THE PEOPLE ARE LOOTED FOR A FASCIST STANDING ARMY THAT PLUNDERS THE WORLD FOR THE RICH OFF THE PEOPLES TAX DOLLAR WELL HOW TO STARVE A FASCIST REPUBLIC YOU DONT WORK THE EMPIRE CANT TAX WHAT YOU DONT HAVE
Blame the white liberal racist party
I went to dominos and there was only one worker. He said everyone called out. The store support and the delivery drivers. I felt bad, so I didn’t even order a pizza but left a tip.
Great Resignation? More like The Great Strike! Employers need to shape up and realize it’s a two way street!
YOLO
I worked in the hospitality industry for over a decade. There is no way I’d go back now. Not because I know my worth or because of wages or “bad” employers but the customers. The ones that come out to eat and drink. People these days are so entitled and are just plain mean and rude!
Vax mandates 💯 are the problem
I quit my $52k job and got a job offer $90k + 10% bonus!! My best move up ever!
Sounds like we might  need   immigrants.
These people sound like morons......
I've been totally trying to become a freelancer for almost a year now. As soon as I start making money from it, I will quit, too.
When you pay people to stay home with unemployment benefits, they will.
Our greedy capitalist society has done itself in. Work for what? A pension? No. Security? No. Good Health Benefits, No? Most work week to week and are one paycheck from insolvency. So why not downsize and live in a small house or RV and enjoy life more. Stress kills.
I am looking for work and I can't get a job.  If people are leaving their jobs, the employers shouldn't lay that over-qualified rap on me.  what is going on???
Oh man, I miss my remote job, it was gig work, but it paid very well. But you had to work very hard and I think in some ways the stress of it got to me. But, I would love an opportunity to try it again and just manage it better.
There are job openings, just not “good job” openings… I applied for 5 middle class jobs that I’m well qualified for in the last year and got nothing. My application is just on file…
As  per Biden they are quiting  jobs to get better paying jobs.  GO BRANDON
Pay or perish. I've learned that if you loath the job just quit. Don't waste your time unhappy at a job, I fell into a deep depression because of my last job and I'm still healing from it. All I had to do was leave, but building the courage to close that chapter of my life was the hard part.
"There are essentially only two drugs that Western civilization tolerates: Caffeine from Monday to Friday to energize you enough to make you a productive member of society, and alcohol from Friday to Monday to keep you too stupid to figure out the prison that you are living in."  —Bill Hicks
wages haven't changed in decades I wonder why people are fed up?
People learned to live within their means...good for them, bad for a facade economy that has been built
These are soul testing times... I'd quit too! It's your body, your choice!
"What makes my heart sing?"  Really?  How about...how do I get food on the table and pay into a retirement plan?  Unless you hit it really big (most people don't) you might want to think long-term.  I am a retired work with two retirements and you will get old.  Your body will give out.
People’s revolution.
Take an immigrant and problem is fixed
You can’t offshore hospitality and healthcare. Otherwise they would
People are no longer impressed by material things, big houses, nice cars, and fancy stuff so they can survive on less. Working part time or fully remote is more ideal
How about some more truth? I have dozens of classmates and friends that resigned rather than wear a mask for 10 hours and get an unapproved injection! TELL THE TRUTH. From minimum wage retail workers all the way up to MD's are resigning for that very reason. I WILL NOT COMPLY.
Restaurant owner in GSP - your new flock of potential employees are indeed sitting at home soaking SC or the US for entitlements. Yes , your former Ee’s have moved on to greener better paying pastures - but your new replacements haven’t gotten off the sofa yet.
There is only a labor shortage for jobs that pay less than $20/hour.
They are not quitting employers are disputing their termination due to covids reduction in available work.
I decided to retire early as a Bridge Engineer. However, my former co-worker and friend of the last 32 years doesn't leave me alone. He wants us to work together for a South Korean company (he is Korean) doing engineering work importing products. I really don't want to work since I want to travel the world and enjoy my life, but he just wants to work and make money! Right now, I am enjoying swimming, reading, traveling.
people are tired of being treated like trash in the world's "greatest" and "wealthiest" country
I like the "comprehensive pay and benefits package" a lot of these  out the employees pay for those benefits. complete garbage!
Pay them better
if the government stop giving hand out, i'm sure people will go back to work
I don’t believe the ‘350,000 shortage nation wide of construction worker’ statistic. Business is a booming for us and you couldn’t hire more people even if you wanted to. Every trade is short handed right now. Good for us, bad for the nation.
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer looks to be changing. The cost of living is hurting MOST Americans, but corporate American didn't care. It's a new day in America.
It's almost like there's a law of supply and demand for labor and it's cost too.
Working from home is the best because you can avoid all the bull s"%$t that comes along with office politics.
"Employees are being choosey"...No, employees do not want minimum wage...How bout a Living Wage.
Not too long ago, such a movement would have been considered communism. Workers demanding rights and not being treated as ungrateful slaves to their employer-masters has always been an anathema to capitalists.
Better Pay? That's hilarious. I'm not getting better pay and I'm in the Healthcare industry.
What she hasn't spoken about is how companies are combining three and four jobs into ONE, yet they are paying you LESS! I can not count on how many times I've interviewed and have been quoted a salary I earned many years ago, if not my favorite "oh its based on experience and other factors". Right.
Greedy employers, business is good..  pay does not reflect the ernings of the company people work for..  so it's unfairly.   So people notice and quit..  good for them.
Low unemployment rates are worth nothing if people can't afford to pay rent with their salary.
Post the football kicker segment.
All I know is that across the board,  service is bad and everything is more expensive. But I’m not going to give my money to companies where the employees treat me badly because they hate their jobs.
Even Antonio Brown quit his job as Tom Brady's receiver. It's rough out here.
Low wages and no place to live welcome to the American dream
The worker should always be the one, "holding the pen"   Employers have been in charge for far too long.  Their employees are keeping them going.  They need more respect from the employers. Money runs the world.   Pay more if you can't find someone to work.   Simple
Why can we fix the system ?
I didn’t quit. I graduated college and currently in the interview process.
@8:54.  This story is BS. She is either the most irresponsible wife/mother or her husband makes so much money they don’t need her salary to survive.
Another point is daycare costs almost as much as your weekly paycheck. So why wouldn’t you just stay home and be with your kid instead of working and blowing all the money anyway?
Those are crappy jobs….
I’m thankful that Millennials and  Gen Z are taking the power back. I simply couldn’t FATHOM working at the same job for 20 years just to get a laughable “raise” each year like our parents and grandparents did. I also believe this will inspire a more creative approach to traditional jobs through social media, more product development etc.
I did, now am making 50% more. it is a great time to hunt for a job and get a pay raise.
Usd 🤮
Lol. The stimulus was what like $2000 total? That’s gone in an instant. Try not to be so out of touch with how expensive things are.
They missed one of the biggest pieces of this entire issue. Toxic work place behaviour/environments. People are being fed up with being treated like garbage by their employers so they leave. Those that leave are among the most courageous people. They are taking the power away from their abusers and saying "No More!"
I jumped ship too. It was like a hemorrhoid surgery or a painful divorce. Phew! What a relief.
I’m working for a crappy company right now. No training on their time, get paid for 4 hours and work 6-7 no pay. Meetings held on your time including other expectations and no benefits. It’s a joke and they have been doing for years. Go through Supervisors like candy. I’m ready to quit as soon as I find another job. I wanted to go back to work because I actually enjoy it. But won’t work for free with no benefits. Glad to hear people are doing this. Good for them. I’m in my fifties and we use to negotiate are pay and benefits. Now it’s you take what we offer you.
Benefits (bidrag Swedish) from the government is providing a social safety and security net for all citizens.
Let's Go Brandon!
working from home has made a big difference in my life .  😊
people don't want to get vaccinated?! duh 🙄 especially over an over and over
Whoever is reading this, God bless you in Jesus Christ name! Stand firm in the gospel, keeping the testimony of Christ and keeping the commandments of God; to believe and trust in His Son and love one another. Love you all🙏.
I quit this bs rat race almost 20 years ago....we give our one and only lives and get pennies for it while being treated like crap
The excessive commutes is also not being mentioned. If you save an hr or hr and a half each way that's a massive gain in time and money 💰.  The wear and tear on your vehicle and not needing to deal with traffic daily is a bonus in itself.
Keep quitting 😈😈😈😈😈
About time Americans are joining in what the rest of the world already has: better pay, better holidays, "sick leave" not being a joke, and I could keep going.
Crony Capitalism, Debt Enslavement, Deep State Consolidation is losing control of the educated masses. The Federal Reserve Banksters have destroyed the constitution of the United States.   Mis-Information propaganda, smoke and mirrors. Confuse the younger and immigrant population with too much BS. This clip is part of the misdirection and propaganda by the MSM.   Distorting the truth about what's really happening. The largest wealth transfer  From the honest working middle class people To the corrupt Banksters, Lawyers, Judges, Politicians, Corporations, Liars and Thieves. The people are slowly waking up to all of this BS.
Education, retail, health care and restaurants/hotels...all of them were hit hard during covid...I can't say that I blame them
Because most jobs suck and everybody knows it. Save your soul, if you can quit, do it today. If not, figure out how to do it as soon as possible and then quit.
either workers are quitting for better pay or employers are being picky
Pay enough and you'll get all the workers you need.
It’s called burn out ……the first time in 20 plus years of nursing that I have ask myself do I want to be a nurse anymore❓
Baby boomers retiring. At least most of the problem
MANDATES are what is prohibiting QUALIFIED, PROFESSIONAL, EXPERIENCED workers!!!  Those workers NOT employed now were FORCED to leave their jobs due to not complying to UN-Constitutional  MANDATES.  This report on 60 Minutes is DECEIVING VIEWERS!!!
the US will need foreigners lol
Dem to rep state! Why didnt they say that in this 60 mins
I Think One Reason Is Bc Of The Vaccine Mandate!!! And The Wages Don't Balance The High Inflation...So Let's Go Brandon!
When you enforce the unconstitutional No jab, No job" mandates then of course you are going to have staff shortages. Especially forcing people to get a vaccine that does NOT work on omicron, where vaccinated people are contracting and transmitting, is completely illogical.
As HR professional I would like to see more follow up in 3 /6 months
Michelin has always been in Greenville, South Carolina. In the mid 90's I went to the Michelin training center.
They’re still not offering ENOUGH money and benefits. And my generation (36) is tired of working so much and killing ourselves for no loyalty.
Other countries figure this out year ago.  US is late to the game but its not too late to put workers benefit and work life balance first.  Can't keep treating people like cattle...
I am thankful for 60 min taking the middle of the road look at this.
I know I’m tired of being under-appreciated and overworked. The American way of life has become a zero sum game and everyone is starting to see that. We need an influx of socialist economic support systems to buttress up a vacuous capitalist system that can’t possibly meet the challenge of attracting people. Hospitality, food service, retail, construction, etc are among the most notorious industries that have treated workers as dispensable and disposable. Employers need to learn who is in charge now, and it’s not them…nor should they ever have been.
Things go in waves.
Money 💰 for money 💴
My question is what are they doing once they quit to pay bills
Unionize.
The Greenville manager needs to hire here in Greenville and surrounding areas. Is more poor people who need that work.
So interesting and obvious how the ppl in the video don't even mention one of the main reason is the jab . Smh
Teachers are under paid, not appreciated, aweful germy kids, problematic parents and under every scrutinany imaginable. retail-Low pay no real advancement and deal with the general public that is out of control. Restaurants-Dealing with a stressful job, under appreciated and reliance on tips from the general public and the general public is a nasty NASTY Beast! Health Care under appreciated, under paid in basic operations, high stress. Non- of these are worth it or takes a special kind of person and then u got to compensate them and they are not. Companies are paying alot better but where were they 5 years ago? 10 years ago? and after keeping all this profit and paying so little i'm ok if they fail.
Because everyone wants to be on youtube content creater and play video games
What makes my heart sing? Retirement…
Finally the American worker knows their value and realizing their health, families, and their purpose is not to serve capitalism of the ultra wealthy but to be in the pursuit of happiness. Good stuff
How about a bonus to the few of us that stayed at our jobs the whole pandemic thus far?🤷🏻‍♀️
I am sick of YouTube blocking what I have to say. So much for freedom of speech. With all the disgusting videos on YouTube, they should let us speak our minds. I didn’t say anything vulgar or to incite violence (like Trump)…
We aren't "missing" women in the workforce, they decided that work isn't their life. And they're right.
People are sick of being taken advantage of. Their labor produces more value than they're being paid. They don't want to deal with a controlling boss.
Oh, you've doubled your revenue have you, James Jordan, fast-growing construction company owner?  Have you also doubled what you pay your workers?  Because if you haven't, then it's no wonder people don't want to work those jobs.  Nobody wants to work to get the boss rich.  It's not a "Worker problem" it's a "salary problem."
As far as I can tell, no one has any energy anymore. Too many are getting sick, the healthy people are scared of getting sick, and bosses refuse to adapt to these new times. No one can figure out how to see all this through and no one can figure out how to provide security and stability. Even if everyone were to go back to work, the pressure is still there to make sales and perform and it is stressing people out.
Let’s go Brandon
I guess the real question I have is where did the workers go? What jobs are they working.. how are they paying bills?
Employers need to meet employee demands with better compensation and working conditions.
The "American Dream" is dead. So why bother?  Between the exorbitant high cost of living nationwide, obscenely low wages, the normalized culture of employer abuse & labor exploitation, slim to nil PTO, and "Right to Work" laws, people can no longer reasonably tolerate or afford to participate in a system that is rigged so definitively against their quality of life.
There is NO job that can't be solved with the proper pay.
Don't be afraid to say it: People hate to be vaccinated and they leave. Period.
Still can't understand how people can survive this long with this high inflation without going back to work. What kind of secret stashes do they have? Stimulus checks are just pennies. In 2019 it was said that 69% of Americans had less than $1,000 in savings. Did they move back to Hotel Mommy where food and shelter is for free? I've hoped to have this investigated in this video.
The lady talking about the jobs market has a voice that makes me want to ask for a hug and tell me everything is going to be okay. Sweet.
Everybody wanna be a YouTuber or have an only fans
The only people who are making a killing with Stimulus checks are people with kids. I haven't gotten a Stimulus check since friggin March 2021. I'm Single, and work like a dog & can't even get $50 worth of food stamps to help me. Yet these people popping out kids have been racking up Child Tax Credit checks and buying iPhones and BS...my neighbor whose boyfriend doesn't even work and she works as a hotel maid just bought a car! Yet Singles, Seniors, Disabled, Vets, and College Students have to go food banks to feed ourselves. The American government is a f*ing joke... across ALL party lines!
I could never work for anyone other than me. It’s a waste of time and your life, unless you have a high salary job and already saved a million in cash at least.
Low wages and overall lower salaries is one of the driving forces that lead people in quitting their jobs. I wish I can do the same but I still have to pay my bills like most people do.
People are tired of being treated as expendable. Also, what good is it to save cash when there is so much inflation. Everything has skyrocketed in price, yet wages are just a few dollars more. Companies are so fast to change prices on products, but not so fast to change employees wages.. Do these construction jobs include health benefits?
Owners always say their if enough work but not enough workers and the revenue has doubled year after year. The wages for the work have not gone up so you are working hard just me make end meat as the owners make even more just to treat like shi t
People that don't want endless jabs have either got fired or quit.
They were paid more to not work for quite a while. It was by design. The start of socialism.
The only people that are quitting their jobs have to be Gen z and millennials. It’s no secret those demographics are the biggest slackers and whiners ever born. It’s really admirable to keep living with mommy and mommy, or daddy and daddy, or just mommy, or just daddy, and let them feed, shelter, and make your car payments.
Looting is our trade fool.  we is experts.    support your Local Looters Union
Wait until they realize how quickly inflation erodes the nest eggs they thought they had.
Another problem is a lot people believe that the “Mark of the Beast” is/will be a vaccine or something like it. It’s especially spread in the evangelical community. The problem is that SUNday worship is actually the Mark of the Beast. They have chosen to ignore the 4th commandment entirely and go with what the wolves in sheeps clothing aka: their evangelical pastors are telling them, not actually reading the word of God, and follow the commandments of men and be led astray.   Jesus said the truth would set you free!
Because people are now realizing that life is too short, I'm one of them. Restaurants are now finally starting to pay cooks more but it's too late.
Time to get a new immigrant visa program going again for Mexicans and others who want to work here
Well, when they can’t pay their bills, mortgage or car payment, we’ll see how long this lasts.
Because we are being worked to death and blamed for everything that fails. We are tired, forgotten, and had enough.  This is just the beginning.
Me at 10 years old: this show is really boring. Me at 32 years old: this is really interesting.  Turn it up.
Duh, maybe it’s because they don’t want to get the jab. I would make the same choice.
Paying ppl low wages and lower salaries is why ppl are quitting can I blame them Heck No
Because they are preparing for Revelation 13 where no man will be able to buy or sale except he that hath the mark.
It’s because of mandates as well
Perfect, my TV isn't working, thanks Leslie Stahl.
America is Terrorist country
First
