Hey everyone, Once again, I'm not dead. That was a hoax.   I'm not dead until you get an official announcement FROM THIS CHANNEL.
Awe man this really bummed me out today. I had came across one of his videos and said to myself I haven’t seen videos from Paul in a long while got me choked up RIP Mr. Harrell thank you guys for such great education
Roy you are blessed to have a legacy worth continuing in memory of your brother.
Miss your content Paul, rest in peace.
Youre doing a great job Roy!
Thank you Roy
They sound the same tbh
I just found out about Paul 😢 This hit me hard, I love Paul. Life is so unfair
Stan, your father and I have gotten divorced. But let me introduce you to your new father Roy!
And so the downfall begun. The Roy Arc was/is AWFUL
Nice to meet ya Roy.
Roy 👍🏻
Two brothers, one a Peace Officer one a Soldier, both amazing
ROY, is there a way I can contact you regarding your brother?
#RIPpaulharrell2024  He went soul young.  Saw his goodbye video.  Subscribed to listen to Paul’s voice.   #CancerLovesSugar
So I'm guessing this was the same recording session as the latest video on the channel? Recorded in december 2023?
I made a video dedicated to Paul Harrell! He inspired me to be a gun tuber cause I too am a veteran and not very good with talking! Thank you Paul for your inspiration with entertainment and educational content!! Miss you already Paul!
rest in peace paul, thank you for everything 💔
RIP 😢
Покойся с миром брат.
Welcome Roy! Please keep the videos going, we will watch and learn more. RIP Paul.
Dang Roy. What a loss. To you, your extended family and many, many friends I wish you all the very best and total respect, LOVE! I will support the new channel and look forward to  what will be 'newbie' glitches, we'll all laugh at some day.  Roy, jump on it, kick start it, twist that throttle - make this happen. I have all the faith. My very best to you and your channel's staff.
This Video now has allot of meaning. I hope your brother carries your legacy. Sad day, but Paul brought so much Joy.
You got this Roy.
After seeing the title of the most recent video, it still hits hard knowing that Paul has passed away, he was truly a man of no nonsense and pure information, but we thank Roy for keeping his memory alive
Heart broken, may God bless you and make you,Harrell. Thank you for your knowledge you have given all of us. 💔😥✝️
Paul. You are my favorite Firearm Channel, by far. You put a sense of civility and class into every episode. Love your shows, the information you share is priceless.    God Bless You, Sir.     Roy. It is good to meet you, and you will recieve my full support for you and your Brother.     Once again, God Bless You, Sir.    A truly great man in an era of encroaching mediocrity.
Thank you
Hi Roy I have a question for you. I have 9mm semi-autos,  and a Ruger PC 9mm Magpul Takedown Carbine good with Glock mags, instead of taking Paul's advice to have a 22Lr takedown. We know (200 rounds of 22LR are 1.48 lbs vs 200 rounds of 9mm at  5.2 Lbs.  Considering buying a 22LR semi-auto handgun with ample lightweight ammo,. What do you think? Miss Paul already he is very special, as you know.
Cheers
Paul's video on evaluating experts is one of the most informative videos I've ever seen. I find that the takeaways from his presentation are not only applicable to firearms experts but experts in general.
God bless, Paul.  I hope you have some idea how much we appreciate you.
Yo Roy. I watch This Channel Because I Relate To Paul & Find Him Most Amusing.  Also I must admit I didn't know who you were until Today However A couple of Days Ago in A Vid I was Watching You Made Some Statements regarding Comments On This Channel And To Be Real Honest You came Off As An Grade-A Asshole With Serious Control Issues.  I Have To Say If This Is Going To be The ROY  Channel I'm Outta Here. SEE'YA  Mr. 35 yrs. In Local Law Enforcement   ~ Not One Likes Order Barking Cops ~
🥲💙👍🙏
Been a while since I watched your videos. Saddening to see this announcement
Its very cool of your brother to step up.
You're in our daily prayers....so glad I ran across you yrs ago.
Keeping it generational is genius and Paul did a fantastic job
Paul gives us more than any demolition ranch.
Paul, great idea on passing the torch. Prayers out to you.
this channel ive visited many times over the years for learning about firearms. and eventualy getting into them myself. ive always appreciated the sounds advice and straighforward attitude. i look forward to more of that from Roy. i wish the best for the channel and the hope that it will continue long after all of us have moved on.
This was the shortest takeover I have ever seen.  I wish Paul would be healthy enough to make a longer video  Paul we love you. I will learn how to use a firearm from your videos!
Thank you, Paul. Hello Roy.
Legend!
Hi Roy 👍
I will be forever thankful for all the content and  knowledge you have shared Paul. My heart and prayers go to you and your family. 🙏
Paul, love you man. Thank you for blessing us with your knowledge. Every time I watch a video of yours I leave being that much more smarter than when I first started. Love you man! You are a teacher of people.
Love ya, Paul. Thanks for your very valuable advice!
Imagine unironically taking Covid vax lol
Thank you, Paul. I learned a lot from you before buying my first gun. You helped me make an informed decision that matched my needs.  Roy has the Shatneresque pause too. It must run in the family.
Thank you Roy and we all love you Paul, thank you.
Thank you for being such a great teacher.
Breaks my heart knowing this was Paul's sign off, does anyone know if there's anyway we can send our love and support to him/ his family? He is an incredible teacher and I'd give the world to listen for a few decades more
Godspeed Paul
I will continue to support the channel but damn...Paul, after many years, this is really a bummer.  From my family to yours...many prayers being sent Brother.
When this exemplary man leaves us, as we all will do sooner or later, at least the legacy of his many lessons will remain.  It is upon all of us to make sure it persists not only in video, but through our actions.
A personal defence firearm? He’s an expert with pdfs.
Man, end of an era but the start of a new one. Godspeed.
And welcome home
I want to say thank you for spending time with me that day catching up teaching me some new things that I did not know thank you for the cup of coffee and the 15 minutes of time that I had to answer my questions I have canine experience I have lonely shooting experience I have medical experience I have law enforcement experience I have military experience and I speak 19 different languages I have traveled in the states outside of the states I've been all over the US and outside of the US and if there's anything I can be at help with please let me know I do have some experience with emergency first responder for pilots and for helicopter Pilots I have also had the opportunity to work on trauma team I've had a lot of experience with a lot of great people over the years so there's anything I can bring to the table that can help benefit you please let me know and thank you for your service to educating us more
Hello Roy and Paul.  Much love from Malta, Europe.  Hope to keep seeing you both for many years to come.
Hey Paul- you're wonderful. Thank you for everything you've done. Truly. One of the best mentors anyone could ask for, hands down. I watch and rewatch your videos because they give me a great sense of familiarity and insight that I can't quite find anywhere else. They might come close, but nobody else will ever fill your shoes. Who's better than you? Much love, adoration, and respect- Zack from Idaho
He should have been watching his diet and not worrying about shooting a home intruder. Paul Harrell was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer last July.
I,m Australian, God bless you Paul
Hey Paul, Get well soon, brother. I loved the interview you had with GrandThumb. Know this, You are always in our hearts!
I've been watching your videos for years now, don't even own guns yet or anything but always loved the videos and the education, delivery, skits and such.  I know you've gotten a lot of advice thrown your way regarding treatment meds and whatever and perhaps unfortunately I also have my two measly cents too. But first, regardless of how much or little use it is; congrats on 1 million subs. You bring an awesome attitude to everything you do and I really appreciate it.  Just wanted to say I hope it can be treated with Combination Therapy. I've heard recently that stage 4 cancer, for example, is not a death sentence despite what hospitals generally tell people. There is a rather effective treatment for a lot (not all, and I don't know enough about pancreatic cancer to say for sure) of those cancers involving inducing a fever-like-state on multiple occasions rather than relying on straight chemo or straight radiation which doesn't do as well. Your immune response to the fever-like state does the job of spotting and ousting the cancer cells. The USA has been too slow at getting up to date with this, but Europe and Mexico are better places for it so I've heard.
Honestly I don't think people care how much Paul's brother knows it's not going to be the same. No disrespect but it's the person Paul is + his knowledge that made this so successful. I wish you all the luck though
I look forward to hearing from Roy. Pual, thanks for all the instruction and humor over the years. You have been one of the best representatives of the 2A community and I strive to emulate your example.
I have learned  much from you
Hi Paul  I have been watching since the beginning.   So I will still keep watching.    Thank You for keeping me informed              Hank
Your brother and you together have a century of experience pretty amazing. Wishing you the best!
my dad got me my first bb gun when i was 5. made me watch the included safety video . lost him when i was 11 . the spark never flamed out. paul embodies what my dad envisioned in me as far as firearm safety and proper use goes. paul , thank you. my father would be watching as muchas i do. Thank you.
Dear Mr. Harrell, Please look up "Joe Tippin" to see his personal interview where he was sent home to get his affairs in order as they could do nothing for him. He had stage 4 cancer throughout his whole body, brain and organs. Don't take the word of an old Marine who loves his Brother! Please look this up for yourself. Just search his name and you will inundated with his testimony where he took advice from a veterinarian who recommended FENBEDOZOL! Fenbendozole is a dewormer that kills parasites and cancer is parasitic. Dr. Brian Ardis explains this very thoroughly and very clear. I would have provided all the links to support my statements however, I don't think you tube allows posting links here. I looked for a way to connect with the gentleman who owns this channel but was uncertain how to find him directly. If anyone can get this info to the owner here or Mr. Harrell.....I would be grateful......as Mr. Harrell or anyone else does not need to suffer like this or have their life needlessly shortened. Please do not pass this off as crazy as it has been proven. I thank any and all in advance who can and is willing to help their fellow man! Semper-Fi 👍😎🇺🇸😇
Paul is America's firearms dad.
It saddens me you're not going to be with us for as long as you had hoped.
Welcome and thank y'all!
God Bless you Paul. Thank you Roy for coming to share your knowledge and experience.
Get to it Roy. Best Wishes under trying circumstances. Thanks Paul your vid,s were very much appreciated
It took Roy less than a minute to say anecdote, I’m in.
Shocked, Im a Brit, ex Military who has been subscribed for a long time, thank you for Service Sir.
Hello Roy!
Paul. Love you.
Thank you,..Good Bless You Paul.." Garry Owen"  Brother!..🇺🇲
Paul 3 hacks to strengthen your cells  quickly easily and efficiently. Juice organic celery juice 2x a day make sure it’s organic the power in that is so great it’s not even fully understood make sure  not to use non organic celery because it has a ton of pesticides. Get yourself some wheat germ and sprinkle that on everything you eat a quick way to replenish vitamin and mineral lost due to medication.. Next get your hands on turmeric or preferably turmeric powder and take 1/2 or 1/4 tablespoon 2 times a day too much can give you a tiny stomach cramp so back off to your liking. The healing power of turmeric is numerous and will knock you off the bed. Next have a serious talk with God and ask Christ to help you. Good luck God bless you we love you!!  Accept Christ and  get baptized and be a genuine follower of Christ. He’s the only one who has the keys to heaven and hell . Reach out to me if you have any questions Paul
God bless you, Paul. Thanks for all the helpful knowledge, you taught me alot about firearms over the years. I especially appreciated your honesty and transparency - unfortunately two rare qualities in the modern world.
Paul despite what you may think, you are one cool badass dude and I hope I will be half as capable and traveled as you when I reach your age. We thank you for your many teachings, stories, and laughs you gave us the past few years. Much love from Music City
We love you already Rob, just as we love Paul.
I loved the video you did when you brought the bed out to the range and it was raining. It looked so uncomfortable, I still feel like I was there with you. God bless
Paul I hate it that you are sick. Said a prayer for you. Thanks for all the wisdom you've shared with all of us. You're one of if not THE  best gun guy on youtube. Respect, Doc. Roy I wish all the best on youtube. I'll definitely be watching.
Thank you for being the "So Called Expert" we all have come to know, respect, appreciate and love! Your sense of humor combined with sarcasm had made me audibly laugh all the time. Thank you for sharing everything with the 2A community  and know we all are here to support and encourage both you and your brother ! Thank you for your service!
Hello Paul, family and friends, I hope are well. How's the hip injury healing Paul? Take care and stay safe everyone. Tim W. England.
We all welcome you Roy. Im not going anywhere
Thank you, Paul, for everything you've done in providing superb videos.  You are a legend!!
Did he take the V@x? I gotta know!?
link to Royès channel
I aint goin nowhere.
I love Paul Harrel. God bless you.
We welcome Roy and give a beautiful farewell to Paul. Godspeed to you and your family.
Thank you Paul, for your videos!
Glad to have you carry on this channel and step in for Paul im sure you have im sure you have alot of valuable info to share with us just as Paul has through his yeats of making videos and im looking forward to it and Paul trusting you to keep up with the channel is all the convincing i need that this is worth sticking around for
I've watched many of pauls videos through the years but have been away from most gun related content for a while. I learned through the comments what paul was going through and it saddened me. Keep up the good fight paul and know many people are pulling for you and more importantly praying for you. And welcome Roy its nice to meet you and will definitely tune in when i can. Best of luck to you both.
What happened with Paul??
Thank you very much for all the videos, Mr. Harrell. I sincerely appreciate all the knowledge you have passed on to us over the years. I learned a lot from you. Your presentations were concise and on point, which make them enjoyable to watch. You DO NOT have any impediments!   I know all too well the seriousness of what you are dealing with. You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.
Love your content over the yrs God Bless you and your family . Paul your long version of the story is the best and thanks for your help and teaching millions of people.
You're always appreciated. Learned a boatload. Good luck to Roy and remembering you and family in prayers Paul
Your videos have been entertaining and informative . I liked that you provoked viewers to challenge conventional wisdom for example on the 9mm vs .40 testing and the expensive  vs the more reasonably priced ammo. I hope you have peace with the Lord.
All these videos have really helped me over years. I enjoyed the meat target. Now it's a family afair. So amazing. Keep up good work.
ROY !!  souunds like you need practice the dry sarcasm and you'll be great . youtube has jammed this channel down . i have had to SEARCH to find you . and i have selected "ALL" years ago .  PAUL , just a thot ; got your resevation in yet ??? yeah , my old Baptist kicks in at these times . any questions , i am available . otherwise old Franky Graham has great ideas too .  Prayers from depths , my lead slinger youtube bud ....
Thanks for everything, Paul. I'm sorry to see you go.
Ouch, hook line and sinker on me🤔
Paul, thank you so much for all the knowlege, wisdom, advice and entertainment that you’ve shared with us. The work you put in to sharing all this with us is so appreciated, and i’m sharing your videos with my children so that the knowlege will continue to help future generations for years to come. Thank you again - and we will be praying for you for the rest of your Journey. God Speed
Mr. Paul Harrell thank you for all your great informative videos on Youtube . Truly, one of a kind.
I just started watching a year ago. I like Pauls very specific long drawn out explanations…. with the pauses haha😉. Roy, it’s nice to meet u and I’m sure you will bring us good information and stories as well. 👍🏻
This guy is full of shit.
Sorry I’m late Paul I just want to say thank you I have really enjoyed and appreciated all your great content over years I learned a lot and had more than a few laughs from your dry sense of humour so thank you Paul from Cornwall UK.🇬🇧
What's happening? I'm kinda out of the loop but I'd like to be filled in ❤️🤍💙
I’ve been crying for an hour.   Thank you for helping me defend my family.  Turn to Jesus so we can spend eternity together, Brother.
Thank you for you’re last thanksgiving special Paul. I Didn’t spend the daywith any one, so I tuned in and enjoyed the video a lot. Thank you for that. I will revisit the special every thanks giving. Stay strong brother
News flash…Paul Harrell may stop breathing some day as does everyone. But, dead……never‼Paul Harrell will never “die.” He will continue to live each day in every one of us firearms (and Pop Tart) enthusiasts ‼As long as one Paul Harrell subscriber remains alive, then so does Paul.
Great news‼I received my Paul Harrell shirt today from Tristar which I will wear with pride. I would love to see Paul Harrell’s YouTube subscribers order so many shirts that Tristar has to work people 24 hours a day to meet demand. Paul Harrell has done something with his life that all of us should hope to do…Paul Harrell made a difference. I hope one day someone thinks I made a difference. Send a message to everyone that we (Paul Harrell’s subscribers) think that Mr. Harrell made a difference…order this shooting jacket shirt.
first off, welcome roy!! second off, dude seriously fuckkkkkkkkk cancer so bad.
Dam man I knew watching this would make me tear up and I still clicked it to give you the view
Fenbendazole, lactobacillis salivarius, zero sugar consumption sugar fasting.
God bless you & your family paul
I have watched MOST of the videos here, Paul is a legend!!! And cancer is a really shitty ting. My own father is rigth now trying to figth cancer in both lungs and the pancreas. So I kind of know how hard it can be. I wish Mr Harrell ALL the best!! And good luck to Roy, you have big shoes to fill after your brother. But I think you'll do just fine. :)
Man this hurts. Have learned so much from you and I’m grateful for sharing your knowledge and wisdom. Thank you so much!
I love you and will miss you paul. I hope for the best possible outcome. I know you will fight a good fight.  Roy..... You have all my grace as you continue on what your brother started.
Dang it's pretty close to being a Paul clone, good hands
Appreciate the time you've dedicated to make this content  may you live your last days in peace
God bless you Paul, I pray that you know Christ.
Do Not Paul, you have no idea how many respect and love you. Power in prayer.
whats wrong with paul?
Welcome, Roy! Paul thanks for all the knowledge you’ve shared with the community over the years. Godspeed
G'Day, Welcome Roy and thanks, Paul, for everything. Cheers, Steve
Hey... It doesn't take much to do research, so look into the... Carnivore diet...carnivore diet...carnivore diet...look into it. I know you say you know what you are doing but just maybe you might not have all the information you need right now.. I have had great results going carnivore. GREAT...GREAT...GREAT.
Thanks Paul I bought my first shotgun because of you. Thank you for the knowledge 🙏
Its amazing to see the community here
Looking forward to your future content.
Welcome Roy!
Thanks for all Paul!
Paul you mean a lot to many of us.  I have two young children and will teach them what I’ve learned from you.
Thank you, Paul, you will be missed dearly
Going to miss you Paul, I learned a lot from you and always appreciated your style. Hope you have some peaceful days left.
Paul ❤
Ain't no way Paul got Mr. white himself to continue this channel 💀
Sorry Roy but we loved Paul it’s gonna take some time to adjust and feel you out this all very sudden
We love ya Paul 🙏 !!! Keep fighting!!
As a fellow Soldier. (25 years in the British Army, retired Company Sergeant Major) you have my utmost respect at the way you set this video.  We know and some people just don't.  Best wishes.
Paul, I find in my “old age” (I turn 51 in two days) I have become more emotional, more often.  I think it’s wisdom, that as you gain it, you begin to see things and understand like never before. That’s why being moved to tears watching some of your videos and reading the comments doesn’t bother me.  I’ve been watching a lot of your videos and know the community will soon suffer a huge loss.  Thank you for creating so much content that is invaluable to the gun/survival/self defense community.
We love you, Paul. Thank you for all you have done and taught us over the years. We are unfathomably blessed to have been able to share in your life, knowledge, and humor.
GOD bless you Pual i have totaly enjoyed watching your shows, you are a true American
Good on you Roy and good luck I for one will still hang in. Best regards to Paul.  Cheers from Australia
God bless the Harrell family and God bless Paul.
Prayers for Paul. A great American
I dont care if you were a cop, it doesn't mean you know anything about firearms. We love Paul
We are hanging in there with you we love Paul Harrell.
Thank you Paul, you have helped so many people- and exemplified what it is to be a true man of honor.
Greetings from France, I don't have the correct words but thank you for all this content and praying for you 😢
Hi Paul,  Thank you so much for all the educational videos you provided. I will continue watching and rewatching them. Godspeed!
Thank you for everything Paul. You helped me make informed decisions about my first firearm choice. Every time i look at that gun I'll think of the man who gave me the courage to go out and buy it.
Paul Dr Rodrigo Rodriguez at bio Care hospital in Mexico has a almost 100% cure rate for everything. Easy to get in and out . Bus picks you up at the airport and brings you back . All natural . Someone I know went twice . Takes 4 shots of insulin daily . Not one shot while there . Contact them bro . ✝️🙏💛
Paul Harrell brought many intellectual values such as critical thinking and empiricism to the mostly dumb world of gun people. His channel will keep on influencing people by conveying all that qualities forever. Paul will always be among the topnotch just like Ian Mccollum and others.
This is an urgent message for Paul! Try the Joe Tippens fenbenzadol protocol. It's cured many many people's cancer. What do you have to lose? Nevermind the fact that you can get it in dog dewormer. You'll see results quickly. And for God's sake don't tell your doctor that you're doing it. Their job is not to cure you, just keep you alive long enough to make money from you.
God bless you Paul
No human can decide
Thanks for everything you have showed us, will be praying for you
Your strong U got this
We love you Paul. You are a GOAT and we're all pain by for you.    You'll always be remembered  for your wisdom and humor.
Dear Mr. Harrell, my boyfriend, my son and I are enjoying your videos very much, as they are as informative as they are fascinating and we love your dry sense of humour and your anecdotes. We're very sorry to hear that you're not well, and we wish that you may be able to fill the time you still have left with all the things you love and with people who love you. I'm aware that there are no words that can really express appropriately how grateful we are for all your work that informed and entertained us, and how much we appreciate that you spend your very precious time and energy into your channel and the content of your videos that educate in an entertaining way,  wich is the best way to educate because people will listen to you and remember it. Thank you,  Sir!  We are also looking forward to your brothers way of educating us about handling firearms,  safety and telling us his anecdotes.  We will miss you dearly, but we're sure your brother will do a great job. You're in our hearts. 🍀🇮🇪👍💖🤗😊
Roy we will be here for you but dang this is hard. Cant imagine how it is for you guys.
Thank you marine.  You’ve made me a gun nut. You’ve been one of the best people to come to in any form of advice no fathers in my life to teach me this specific stuff. You’re a warrior and a legend. You also made me a Ruger Mini-14 guy. Which I can’t thank you enough for as now I’ve begun seeking out the ability to become a gunsmith and make it my life’s work. You’re an inspiration to me Paul. Thank you and Semper Fi🙏
The good ones always go first.
I was a die heard anti gunner it was watching your channel that got me into guns I know own many guns and am going hunting for the first time this fall for elk thank you for everything you’ve done and as a nurse I wish you the best care
God damn it.  I still can't believe this is happening.   F J B   Enjoy yourself Paul!
Paul, I just want to say thank you so much for the goodness you've brought into this world.  I first found your videos on the night before my wedding, some seven years ago. I've changed many a diaper while having your presentations on in the background.  Life has hit us hard, so finding about your health issues recently is extremely jarring to me, as I'm sure it was to your friends and family.  We will keep you in our prayers. I don't know how much this will matter, but I am firmly of the opinion that an evil is allowed only if a greater good can come from it.  Thanks for everything you've done, man.
All the best to you, Paul. You're clearly a good man.  And, welcome Roy. Take good care of your brother.
Nothing to add to what everyone has already said. Just adding my voice.  I thing I was subscriber like 200k. So glad it’s 1,000k  2A people need more Paul Harrels  The world needs more Paul Harrels
This being announced from the same log Paul sat on in so many other videos is something I didn't think about at first, but watching this again now, that makes it feel a lot more.. surreal? Strange? I dont know what a good word for it would be
🙏 bless you sir thank you for educating me
Of all youtube has to offer on this subject, you truly are the best and a class act. Thank you. God bless.
Oh no not a police officer
Not to late to win paul, fight for us.
Budwig Protocol ... diet-based fight against cancer ... but not a cure.  Dad did some research after being diagnosed w/ an "incurable cancer". He had 2 take-aways from his research.     1)  Cancer loves sugar !!!  The base solution for cancer screenings is sugar based. Why do you think that they do that (I'm pretty sure that the cancer isn't attracted to the radioactive dye)? So STOP consumption of ALL sugar & use a substitute. Dad used Stevia.     2)  Cancer hates oxygen !!!  Cancer replication is an anaerobic process. Go heavy on foods that oxygenate your cells. The protocol suggests regular consumption of a "smoothie" made w/ flax seed oil, cottage cheese, & fruit for flavor. Dad's version was consistent w/ a flavored yogurt. The flax seed oil provide the cells w/ oxygen-rich nutrition & make it difficult for the cancer to continue growing.  Yes, Dad was supposed to be dead 8-10 yrs ago. However, he's still very much alive & the Dr's don't know why. But they tell him to keep doing whatever "it" is.  In doing my own research, I have found many people aware of the Budwig Protocol ... there are other variations of the name. But 1 Mom actually put together a rather informative video about the protocol & her use w/ her son.  https://www.facebook.com/reel/768271527633481
Prayers and love your way sir.
Nice to meet you Roy
Godspeed Paul
Delivered like a legend, go proudly Paul
so is he a chemistry teacher?
Brothers are not always the same but not so different they can't be recognized as such. Being an officer says Roy is not so different, I will miss Paul but look forward to watching Roy.
having two brothers that i would give my life for i know this is hard . i hope god puts his hand over yalls family and watches over yall in this tough time
I am a UK resident who has never even touched a real gun, but I am interested in firearms. I think Paul is one of the best commentators: intelligent, dry, modest, witty and of course really knows his stuff. I am so sorry for your health troubles sir, and wish you only the very best. Whatever happens, I am sure you will face your fate with calmness and dignity.
Hi Roy! Thanks for stepping in
Subscribed for Paul.  Phoenix, AZ
Paul you’re a legend. It breaks my heart that death is such a cunt and has to try and take you from us. I’ve been seeing your videos pop up for as long as I remember and you will be missed I’m also known as Blake stone if you’ve seen me in the comments
Hi Ray I know you'll do good for this channel
Thank you legend Your videos united thousands of people from different countries who just wanted some more info on responsible gun ownership and personal protection You will never be forgotten
Very best wishes, Paul.  Always enjoyed your style and educational vids
Paul, I’ve always enjoyed your style and dry wit in teaching useful skills and information. Best of everything to you and thank you !
Paul, we love you and wish you the best, friend. Thank you for all youve done for us.
OK , so right out the gate , this is a big ole Six sandwich eathing rascall Paul ???  Brother from another mother ? The reason this is important is the suit coats . Do you have any suit coats to fit this big rascal ?  It aint gonna be easy finding that fine vintage clothing much less in giant size....  😎😎
I wish you can overcome the sickness, the greatest fear for me would be a disease like that. Wish you and your family well!
He bears too great a mind. But this same day Must end that work the ides of March begun. And whether we shall meet again, I know not. Therefore our everlasting farewell take. Forever and forever farewell, Cassius. If we do meet again, why we shall smile; If not, why then this parting was well made.
Nice to meet you Roy! Can't wait to hear your stories and knowledge until Paul gets a chance to return 😢
Welcome Roy. Thank you for stepping up. We will all miss Paul. I’ve enjoyed his content. I had the opportunity to meet him at a gun show in Rickreall, Oregon last year. He was very nice to me. I bought one of his jackets like he wears on his show and he autographed the inside for me. I treasure that item.
❤🎉💯
I hate this. I don't want Roy. I want Paul.
Kodėl geri žmonės turi išeiti ? 😭😢💔
Glad to hear you are still here!  Praying that the Lord gives you the strength to fight the good fight and come out on the other side victorious! Scott from Kentucky Ballistics asked us to come by and say HI!
Paul, sir please get on the Carnivore way of eating and see if it helps you. It's really Helped people for different health issues. Please research it by watching Dr Ken Berry Q & A videos. You'll see comments, questions & testimonials how it's healed or really helped the viewers. Thank you sir
I want to pray for you. In Jesus Name I curse that cancer and command it to leave your body and never return. In Jesus Name I pray for speedy recovery and restoration of your body. Shalom (Nothing Missing, Nothing Broken). Look forward to many more years of videos from your excellent channel.
Paul Harrell is nothing less than an Great man. He's been a beacon of light and knowledge and inspiration to me along my journey. He was and remains a light to me along my journey and a guide to me during some of my darkest hours. I too lost my own father many years ago and felt alone and lost and very uncertain of where to turn. That's when I discovered him.  I have no shame in admitting this. He's one of the only men in this world I can honestly say I love. I owe him a great deal of gratitude and appreciation. If it weren't for Paul and very few others who were with me along my journey, I would not be alive and free today and i would not know near as much truth or value truth and logic as much as I do now. This world is a dark and cold one. Our paths often become difficult and full of obstacles and misinformation. Paul is among the few guides that never misleads or confuses us. He's a real one. He's a good one. U can trust him and if u have time, and u pay attention, he will share with u freely and teach you the weirding way.  Support Paul any way u can. I pray he never falls but if he does.... who will help us carry him!!!?     Paul, I for one,,, Love you man.
I’ve been watching for many years, thanks so much for all of the great analysis,  practical information and scientific approach all delivered with your wry humor and very realistic world view!  God bless sir…
Wish Paul the best, I learned a lot about firearms and self defense from Paul’s videos. Looking forward to learn more from Roy.
this was hard to watch ..bless you Sir
Love you Paul
Here for you from why over here. Thank you for everything Paul!  We better get a Paul in his 20s video and get to know how you came to be such a legend!
Paul, you have taught me so much over the years.  Things will just not be the same moving forward. I wish you nothing but peace.
❤Salute🇳🇱 kentucky ballistics send me.
Keep fighting Paul!
God speed
Tough way to go, Paul. God speed, my friend.
I am still sadden by the wheel of life...paul Ive learned much from your words of wisdom,. Thank you
Paul. I want to say thank you for your service to coubtry and community ,and the lnowledfe you have passed on to us over the years. As someone who also has limited tine left, my heart goes out to you and yours in this time of hardship.  Hope the treatments are effective, and for a full recovery. Semper fidelis Mr Harrell.   Love and respect brother.
We love you Paul!
God bless you Paul. You’ve been a true example of what I aspire to be as a man. I will keep you in my prayers brother.
I've learned so much from your channel over the years I feel shame for not subscribing sooner but I've always held your videos in high regard, thank you for making my gun world a safer and far more knowledgeable place. Thank you Paul - with love and prayers from south Texas.
You'll be missed Paul Harrell, hope your passing in the near future is a relatively easy one from most with your condition and I hope you're surrounded by your loved ones when you go. Jesus and all those you've lost are waiting for you "That is if you believe that sort of thing".
Paul thank you for inspiring a culture that you will always be remembered for, and you did it with integrity, respect, and expert knowledge, with a splash of funny humor.  You are the BEST at what you do.  Enough said.
Hello Roy my first video here, look forward to future vids…mmm yeah 👍🏼
The whole gun community is pulling for you.
Thank you Paul!
Bless you all..   Im so sorry
may the lord jesus christ have mercy on you, i will be praying for you.
Hey paul I hope you can bete that  cancer and win and be able to keep making videos
Just one guy here No clue how long I have been subscribed  prayin for Paul  an all that jazz.  We love ya .
Like this comment if you're here to get Paul to 2 million subscribers, courtesy of Brandon Herrera.
God bless you, Paul. Thank you for the invaluable wealth of information you have bestowed upon us.
You are a great man, Paul.
Praying for you.
Nobody can replace Paul.
Paul, I have always enjoyed your channel. Just wanted to wish you the best.
I've watched many of your videos and realized I wasn't even subscribed to you! Keep up the good work Paul, we're with you Bro.
I will keep on with Roy. But thank you Paul, for all you have done, and may the lord bless you.
Thanks for all the years of good advice Mr Harrell. God bless you and keep you.
Love you Paul ❤
Well, hey Roy. Glad to hear from you. We love your brother and I'm certain you're gonna show us a few things like your brother has.
Thanks for all your videos Paul and Godspeed to you! I’m a former cop and won’t be watching Roy bc I no longer trust law enforcement officers and don’t care to listen to them.
Welcome Roy. Let's see you shoot 👍
Thank you Paul for your service to our country, this channel and everything that goes with a life well lived. Travel well brother.
Roy looks like Walter White...
Thank you, Paul. 0:51
Paul, you've helped me become a better and safer gun owner over the years. Thank you for everything you've done. God speed, friend.
Sad because there was a Biden/Obama commercial before this video!  We love you Paul!
On February 04 2024, I am pleased to note that your YouTube channel has exceeded One Million Subscribers. I continue to pray  for your prompt return to good health.
Paul...You are loved.
Cool guy to listen to. Thanks for making content all those years. Definitely going to download all the footage just in case utube gets weird. Stuff is gold .
I pray all is well with you and your family. May God bless you and yours.
Been a subscriber for 8 years and have introduced not a few to your great content. Thank you Paul. You’re the greatest.
Send my regards. I am a stage 4 cancer guy, and I know what it is like. A prayer and good luck Paul from Cape Town South Africa. 🙏 👍🏻
I have watched many of your videos, some more than once. I appreciate your simple, logical, and sincere approach not only to firearms but also to life in general. You are a true gentleman, cut from the old school cloth. I wish you the very best, my friend. Until our paths cross again 🙏.
Thank you for the wisdom and good times that you share with us Paul. I believe you already are and will continue to be an inspiration to many. I reiterate, thank you. ❤
Prayers, Paul.  Semper Fi Semper Paratus
Thank you so much Paul!
We are All with you Paul...
Hi Roy, looking forward to getting to know you!
Thank you Paul for teaching us so much. Congrats on hitting 1M subscribers!
Thank you, Paul.
Prayers for you Paul.  Always enjoyed everything you did. May your brother enjoy the same success as you .  Prayers for you and your family .  Thank you for all you have done.
I don't know if you are going to see my Post here. But if you are dealing with cancer there's a doctor named Doctor Berzinkey out of Texas. he has a high success rate of curing any kind of cancer. Look up Dr. Berzinkey Cancer cure here on YouTube. This will give you a general idea of his work. God bless you! Thanks for all your efforts to help people understand the gun culture.
king
Holy crap, I didn't know you were ill. Since it's cancer, have you looked into cellular starvation? Cancer cells can feed on most of the same stuff that regular cells can but most cancer cells can't feed on Ketones that the body generates by breaking down fat and muscle when it is in starvation mode. Combining fasting with a low sugar diet may prove useful to you as it has others.
Don't you dare go on us Paul your brother seems like a nice guy but don't drop on us yet
Nice to meet you Roy. I’m a proud fan of your brother. I’ve enjoyed his videos and wisdom for along time. Paul you’re the reason I was able to make an informed decision on my first gun purchase. I now have two and have learned so much from watching your videos. Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge and experience with us. I truly hope that your cancer goes away and you can make a full recovery. Again thank you for everything!!
don't go Paul please 🥲🥲🥲
Lets keep this family of friends together . First , thank you Paul . Especially for the Easter and Christmas specials. True CLASICS !  Prayrs for you my friend . Will never be the same , BUT looking forward to see the continuing of the education and entertaining of this chanel. Friends from Canada .
Prayers are with you my Brother! Wishing you the BEST and full recovery. Can I ask a question? "PLEASE, don't take this the wrong way", but did you get the Covid 19 Jab? Reason I'm asking, is my good friend and gunsmith plus two other friends developed Turbo Cancers just weeks after their third boosters. I'm just seeing if this might be related to the Jab if you took the vaccine. Again, please do not think I'm trolling. Just concerned. Thank you and you are in our prayers for a full recovery, you have made such a positive impact on so many people! 🙏🙏🥰🥰
Yes, but I still need to hear Roy assure me that he's what I call a professional. And no, it's not the same for me to simply call him such.
Thankyou for the fire arms informational content that you've put out there.
Paul, have watched so many of your videos over the years. Just wanted to say thank you for what you have done for the firearm community. Wish you and your family the best. Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family and friends 🙏
@PaulHarrell So sorry to hear the bad news, and holding out hope just in case. So, so, so glad to have spent my own time listening to you, I'm sure I will enjoy Roy's stories as well.
Congratulations on over 1 mill subs and I wish you the best on your health journey! 🤘❤️
Nobody cares, Roy, we want Paul if Paul is gone so is this channel
Paul stay strong heval. We are proud of you!
God bless you guys and Paul for giving us valuable wisdom!  Take care❤
God bless, Paul  the world is actively ending so Ig we'll all see you in a bit
God bless, Paul  the world is actively ending so Ig we'll all see you in a bit
Thank you so much, Paul. For everything
Thanks for great entertainment/information Paul.  Hello Roy.  A entertained no gun owning guy from the great white north west coast.
Paul thank you so much for all the information you shared with all of us. I appreciate your calm demeanor and how you deliver the information. Thoughts and prayers are with you friend.
GOD BLESS
Paul, I live on a small island in the Northwest. The closest thing I have to a range is a gravel quarry, and options for training courses are none. I've watched, and rewatched, dozens of hours of your videos and can't overstate how helpful your deep and broad body of expertise has helped me to gain some level of competence with firearms. Whatever it is you're going thru right now, I have more confidence that you will get thru it than anyone else I can think of. A lot of people are pulling for you, and are so grateful. Thank you, I hope we get to see more new content from you in the future.
Godspeed, Paul. Thanks for everything!
Paul you've probably heard this already but here it goes. Record EVERYTHING ! We need everything you got to keep us knowing until we meet again 🙏🏼 Jesus is Lord period
My heroes are not heroes because they are immortal.  My heroes are those who do great things in spite of their mortality.    Your are already in my Valhalla
WE love you paul. We will pray for your health.
I just wanted to say thank you, Paul Harrell!!!, you are and forever will be an inspiration to the gun community. I have been watching since the beginning and have learned so much. May God be with you.
I cried.
god bless paul
Hay Paul my name is Jon I pray for you and wish you the best going to miss you buddy
I am so broken hearted.  I only ever exchanged 2 emails with paul, but I feel I knew him.  He taught me so much.  Bless you.
We love you Paul, your a living legend.
Keep fighting Mr Harrell, we’d all like to see you stick around for a while!
Paul, I have been watching your channel for close to half a decade now, and you are one of the few firearms-focused channels I have a deep and genuine respect for. While there's hundreds of other channels that do stupid, pointless things that teach a person little to nothing, time and again you have provided us with some of the most educational and informative content on YouTube. My interest in firearms has waned over the years, but you keep bringing me back simply because of the no-nonsense take on firearms that you provide. I wish comfort and solace on your family and loved ones as the final chapter in your life comes to a close, and I'm excited for us to get to know your brother, Roy. When the time comes, you will be missed, Paul. Thank you for the treasure trove of content you have provided the world.
GOD Bless Paul And His Family. JESUS Is Waiting For ALL GOD'S Children.
Paul, as a young gun  watched many of your videos to develop my knowledge and ability with firearms. Im sorry to hear the news but i want you to know how much of an impact you've made not just in me but on the firearms community as a whole. Your tremendous respect for safety and accurately testing, explaining and demonstating principals and facts about this topic has helped me and many more and as i see the firearm community band together to show their respect and acknowledge your situation i want you to know that you had an impact on all of us who were watching. I knoe roy will do a great job with the channel, but nothing will ever replace your shatner esque... pauses. Thank you for everything youve done for us as a true role model for us
Gods speed brother
Paul I have enjoyed your videos very much and will miss your content. Semper Fi!
Hey Paul have you looked into turkey tail mushroom?? Please entertain Paul Staments' work. Turkey tail helped his mom beat the shit outta cancer.
Welcome Roy! We're really glad you're here to keep the work of this channel going. Paul, thank you for all the of the work you've done and continue to do for our community. You're a unique, funny, smart, and invaluable voice
Paul, ever since I bought a gun on sale at Walmart years ago I've started watching this channel for safety, and just general gun knowledge. You are my gun dad (I'm certain this is the case for many others), just wanted to say thank you. People like you make a difference, and with your educational straight to the point videos have made the world a happier, and safer place without a doubt. Thank you for all that you've done, and all that you do, I'm certain that your brother will be able to continue your legacy.
Thank you Paul for all the common sense and knowledge you have shared. ✌️ ❤
You always the man. Mr. Paul, I’ve learned an amazing amount from you. Thank you seems to be just not enough, but thank you.
May God bless and keep you Mr. Harrell.
Pray For Paul
Get after it Roy!  God be with Paul!
Paul, I have never had the opportunity to meet you, but I have watched your videos for years, and love all the knowledge you have shared.  I believe that you have made lasting impacts on thousands of people. Thank you
The internet is forever, and Paul Harrell has made this world a BETTER and SAFER place.
Hello, Roy. It’s a pleasure to see you. I only wish it were under different circumstances.  Paul, I believe you are the greatest guntuber of all time. No other has taught me so much and it is not even close. I am saddened by what you are your family are going through and I pray for you. We’ve never met but I consider you a friend. You have been a steady part of my life as a teacher on here since your early YT days. Thank you very much for your generosity in sharing your knowledge and being such a top shelf professional.  You are a legend. We will hold the line. God bless you and your family.
I’m gonna miss falling asleep to your videos talking about the apocalypse bro
I will continue to enjoy your content and sharing it with my sons and my wife.  Thank you for all of your efforts to provide your experiences and intelligent evaluations of my favorite subjects.
Welcome to the family Roy.
Pleas look up johnshopkins university and cancer cure in plain sit.....fenbenadazol"panoicur"...it kills cancer...please please read this and look it up...
a mans man, thank you Paul .legends never die
God bless you Paul and your family
Appreciate all you do.
Welcome Roy!
Paul, thank you for everything. You taught me so much.
Thank you Mr. Harrel. The tutelage you have provided has been invaluable to a great many people. We appreciate it and wish you the best.
Godspeed paul
He made it to 1 million🎉
Your an amazing man Paul, been watching several years now. Ill be keeping you in my thoughts. Stay Strong.
Youre an absolute legend and a hero paul.
I imagine I speak for many when I say one of my favorite features about this channel that I've enjoyed for so many years is the utter and complete lack of even the slightest  hint of bullshit.  This video exemplifies that as well as any could.
God speed, Paul. Wish you the best.
God bless you Paul, thank you for educating me. Love from AZ.
Uncle Paulie, we’ll watch hundreds of your new videos. You’re not going anywhere 😊
Paul the Man!
Hi Roy, nice to meet you. Paul, we love you!
Paul - go gettem, sir.  You have the EXACT attitude and drive to do so, and we're all rootin for you - I'll say a prayer tonight for you.  Just watched Administrative Results, he threw up a video to his subscribers about you, and it looks like a lot of other guys are too.    You're the man, SIR!  Also - I was wondering who Roy was in the video you dropped a few days ago, because I missed this one introducing himself.  Nice to meet ya, Roy.
Paul, I began watching your channel while I was undergoing chemo two and a half years ago. Always good, interesting, straightforward content well delivered. Praying for your good health and deliverance from this disease. God bless...🙏
❤
God bless you Paul and prayers your way!!
Josh Paul... Losing you is going to be a heavy blow to the firearms world. Love your channel, your wisdom, and personality over the years. You are like an Unlce or father some of us never had. You are worth a picture that would hang in my house👍  Love you Brother. May God welcome you into his Kingdom. You're not just a Great human, but you're also an All Around Great American 🙏🙌😔  God Speed Brother🙏
Thanks for everything Paul. You’ve done so much for our community.
I've heard the bad news.  I'm sure Roy is a wonderful gentleman.   I hope you make it Paul, but if you don't-  Wherever you go from here, may you go with peace.
New to the channel. Brandon sent me
Paul believe on the stripes of Jesus Christ for your healing.
God bless brother I will be praying for you
Love you man.
Paul, thanks for everything you have done for the gun community. I became interested in firearms later in life as my family wasn’t involved in the sport and my mom disliked firearms. 2012 , was when I got into firearms, over the years I have owned lots of guns and rifles. I found your channel early on and I greatly appreciate all the information you have provided for me. I hope you understand how much help your videos and general knowledge has helped out the average gun owner. Thanks for all your hard work, help and support . My prayers go out for you and I hope you are able to recover someday.thank you Steve Kraemer
You’re gonna do great Roy. Paul brought a lot of knowledge and techniques as well as technical details to his gun reviews. I learned a lot from him and enjoyed learning from him. I’m excited to learn from you now.
Welcome Roy!
Brother, legit praying for you. You are Loved beyond what we, your internet brothers and sisters, even feel for you.
I’m not sure I have ever commented on one of your videos, Paul. I’ve never found much to question or disagree with. Your content has been informative and entertaining, and I wish you peace and happiness for whatever time you have left in this life, and whatever happens after this life.  You will be missed - but not yet 💪🏻
I have always liked the way you carry yourself  and the way you speak but sometimes you can be a little winded    LOL          I   am so sorry
Well brother of Paul, I will stay in the Youtube audience.
Paul, I am eternally grateful for you and all that you have done for the 2A community. You and your Shatner-esque pauses have been something I look forward to seeing for the last decade. Your legacy here will live on forever, which is far more than most of us can say for ourselves.  Thank you. Sincerely and wholeheartedly.
“Let me get out of the way “. Paul, my friend: there is always a place for you at our table. “Mi casa es su casa” God bless! 🙏🏻
Take care sir. I hope you get better. Your content has been interesting and amusing.
I just got here, thank u.
I see we broke 1 million subs! Welcome Roy
Thank you for everything you've blessed us with.
God Bless you Paul and Roy.
Roy, you have my support, as a multi-year subscriber. Positive thoughts, and prayers up, for Paul, and y’all’s family.  I am retired police officer; Houston PD, in Texas. (1984 to 2018.) In that way, we are brothers.   Regarding the channel’s future, well, I am patient, so, take all the time y’all need. If/When it becomes difficult to create shooting content, I will gladly listen to “war stories,” and lessons from the streets/fields.
I bet there are a ton of us that would be willing to spend more than $100 on the Chuck made Paul Dolls. Something to think about 👌🏼
Just wanted to say thank you Paul for all the entertainment and solid advice your one of the greats!
Hello    I'm from Brazil and I've always watched Mr Paul Harrel's videos, I learned a lot, a lot, you give us a lot of technical information and with humor.    I remember a lot the comparison between 357 x 44 mag and 44mag x 30 30 rifles and all the defense videos.      I transmit the information to my friends here in our country where gun control is absurd, I have already asked many to follow you despite the language barrier.     Thank you very much for sharing the knowledge.      I'm with you.
Thank you for all your wisdom and the effort you put into your videos. I just bought a Baretta 92fs and shot it for the first time yesterday,  I already had a decent understanding of how to operate the controls and how to start to train myself through the long  trigger pull thanks to you and I had a really nice time shooting for the first time since my dad passed away in October. He taught me to shoot when I was young and I'm thankful to have been inspired to get back into it because of you and to have chosen the 92fs because of your proficiency since I really love the gun and will keep it forever. Every bit of information and advice and all the stories  you've put on the internet has been invaluable to a 23 year old man trying to educate himself on how to defend himself and his family. Please take care Paul you are truly exceptional and your videos are artwork that will endure. Your lessons have surely saved lives and will likely save mine one day, so thank you a million billion times
Thanks Paul,I enjoy your sense of humour, straight honesty and wealth of knowledge of firearms. Always learning something from your updates and look forward to each new edition, regards from Australia. Hang in there Paul.
Subscribed for support. May God bless and his angles be at your side. Always loved your channel and couldn’t believe I had never hit the subscribe button of the last 5 years. Thank you for the wonderful content you have dutifully made.
Good to meet you Roy.  Keep it called Paul Harrell
Hi from Croatia, I hope for you to win your fight
Love you Paul. Don’t let them track you easy.
Damn
Paul, I would like to thank you for the authentic character that you presented to us. It is unique here on YT. You were honest, knowledgeable, and sincere. You remind me of better generations of people from the past. It is hard for someone on YT to know your feelings, but know that you won great respect here. I wish you the best.
We passed a million.  And I trust my using the, "we" allowed.  We're all in this for Mr Harrell.  The armory ain't outta firepower just yet. Not all ammo's brass sometime it's heart too.
1M subs!!!!! Congrats!!
thank you, Paul for your many years of education and entertainment. much love and I wish you well, if I could id buy you as many beers as you like.
You have always shown up on my YouTube never realized i wasn't subscribed. Ak guy mentioned you and had to make sure i was. Thank you for all of the education and we all will be here for you! Keep doing what you can! Body in motion stays in motion seen it first hand my friend.
Welcome Roy, Paul I’ve enjoyed your videos always a hidden gem God Bless and I’m praying for you!
😢 strong man paul!! Strong man..your name will always be respected and. Carry weight my friend
Paul fast for 30 days or as long as you can. Fucking try EVERYTHING. Look up pancreatic cancer fasting.  Idk.  I’m sorry man.
Thank you Paul for everything you have done. God bless good sir.
What an absolute legend.
Paul I hate hearing this about you buddy I’m praying for you GOD BLESS
Sorry Rob. Don’t want a cop over Paul. Paul please come back ❤❤❤❤
Thank you Paul for all you've brought to the net. You will never be forgotten ❤️
The always changing world we live in. Learn to keep living without our loved ones, it will be hard but it also can be done successfully.
You will be missed Paul. love you. Thanks for everything.
Wonder if he got the spruce juice from uncle sam?
@paul Harrell, Mr Harrell. Over the years you have educated me in ways that no one I know or knew while growing up could. I know that you may never see this message, but I'm giving it a shot. You have been an inspiration in my life, that was full of absences growing up. Just by the nature of your videos, your presented attitude, which I believe to be genuine, you have influenced the decisions I have made over about 10 years so far. Your efforts, videos, and wisdom that you have shared I believe has progressed the community in profound ways. I know that you have influenced me in huge ways.  While we have never met, never shared a beer, never pulled a trigger together, I can only say I do love you Paul. Who couldn't for what you have done for us all. I pray that your legacy will be remembered for centuries to come, and your lessons be instilled in the hearts of people forever. I only wanted to say something while there is still time.  Thank you Paul, For everything.
Nice to meet you Roy. I will be interested to hear your take on different  subjects!
Hello, Roy, it's nice to see you on the channel, but I have some words for Paul real quick.  Paul, you're a class act. You tell people what you think they need to hear, rather than what you think they want to hear. In today's age, that makes you, in my opinion, a rare and upstanding character. Please keep being yourself. You've taught me a lot through your videos and I'd very much like you to continue.
Hey brother Paul, honestly I'm not a very frequent viewer of the channel, although I've watched many of your videos over the last several years, and various clips from other channels and whatnot, but I got to say, I respect your way of putting things, your outlook on life and aspects of society, culture, and especially dad jokes...and well you will be missed as a creator, not to worry though I'm going to support your brother's tenure which is beginning.   You will be in my thoughts and prayers and I'm praying, hoping, and having faith as well as claiming that you're going to see things through- and not alone either because you got a LOT of folks rooting for you brother!!!  Stay strong, keep focused, and whatever the path, no matter its destination, remember- you're loved and appreciated for all the positivity and genuine heartfelt help and guidance you've provided for COUNTLESS people along the way who tuned in for logical, rational, informed, and wise firearm focused content. You're the OMEGA-Chad among Giga-Chads and Chads alike. We love you brother, NOW GO GET EM!!!!
Paul. Thank you. Roy, I look forward to your content.
Howdy Roy!
Paul wishing all the best.  keep fighting the good fight.
Mr. Paul, I consider you as one of the greatest leaders in the field of handling firearms and the effective use, 🙏🙏 and wishing you and your family a blessing from God.  Thank you for sharing your experience and knowledge, we could never repay you for this gift.  Denny
You’ve taught me much and it has been an honor to learn. Thank you.
God bless you Paul. You have educated me on many firearm subjects. I appreciate your efforts and wish you the best. Thank you for sharing your knowledge with the world.
Wishing you the best, Paul. You've been both an entertainer, teacher and leader for many.
As they say in the competitive and popular video game, super smash bros ultimate, “Roy is our boy!” 🎉
Paul, you didn't deserve this.  You taught almost a million people about firearms, ammo and safety.    It's sad you have a small chance of making it.   At this point in time, you might consider telling all your followers about Pfizer safety.    When I see this in my practice-- aggressive cancer, especially pancreatic or prostate in males, they took the covid shots.  100%, in the last 3 years.  Cancer rates are off the charts now.  I hate the suffering you are enduring.  The longer I do this, the more I want to walk away from this job.  Best,
God Bless you Paul. Thank you for all your knowledge and I'll keep watching. I liked to say hello Roy and your brother is a great man. I wish him you and your family the best.
1mil paul , congrats !
The amount of peoples lives you changed is unfathomable. You brought knowledge to newbies and to people with decades of knowledge. Godspeed
Wishing Paul strength and comfort, i wish i got downwind of ur channel sooner. I hope and pray he is able to share more knowledge and wisdom and experience with everyone, cheers to you sir!
Fuck .. this hurts wow ... paul you are a shining example of what it means to be a man !
Thanks Paul for all you’ve done I grew up watching this channel.
Paul, I just want to let you know that you have had a big impact on my life over years of watching your channel. I have liked everything you and your team have put out. You're what I wish my father was like. Thank you for all the laughs and great advice.
I am truly going to miss those shatner esq....                                                  Pauses.  You've been wonderfully informative and entertaining, Paul. Thank you and I pray for your health.
I hope that you get better, I have always enjoyed your videos, and whatever it is that you have, you need to stay positive!!  I am a stage 4 cancer surviver, and if I can survive that you can also!!!
Just wanted to say Thank You. I've enjoyed watching your content for years and always appreciated your information. I hope you pull a RBG on us and stick around for another couple of decades. God bless.
Over the years Paul Harrell has helped me in so many ways... I will forever be grateful and look forward to watching his Brother Roy... Thank You...God Bless
Man, Paul you are an amazing instructor and I've always loved your videos and personality. Hang in there buddy and keep it going for as long as you can. Thanks for the years of amazingness friend
Got you to 1 Mil. Wish it was 100 Mil.
Welcome, Roy. Sure, I have been enjoying Paul's 'content' for several years now and have learned a lot from him. I have also grown to respect him. To Paul and family, I hope only the best for you. Thank you!
Love from Morocco!
With tears in my eyes I welcome Roy to the channel. Paul, you are an outstanding example to our entire community and thank you for all of you have given us.
A lot of love out there at the moment,well deserved! Congrats on 1 million.!!
Two alarmingly white men who are weirdly obsessed with guns, yeah that's a yikes. You're definitely not horrifically transphobic and racist fascists or anything, lmao. RIP Bozo, the world is becoming a more loving inclusive place and there's absolutely nothing you can do to stop it ❤
Hello nice to meet you Roy
Giving love an suport paul an i love your views on life an all you do for the comunity . as a dude that lost folks do to cancer an relitives whom were in the military makes me vibe with you on a level that is deep connection. An i give my prayers love an care an a honorable thank you for all you do an ur service to our country men like you give hope to humanity an i cherish folks like you always . keep fighting on brother as i an others love your stories an outlooks on life besides the good ol range 😊❤🇺🇲
Paul, you were the first Tuber I watched after buying my first firearm. YOU ARE AWESOME AND I TREASURE AND TAKE YOUR ADVICE TO HEART! My prayers are for you regularly! Thank You! God Bless!
Thanks for everything, Paul. I'm looking forward to the future family legacy content. Mission accomplished, bro. You won our hearts, and more importantly, some minds, too. God Speed.
Best of Luck.
Hey Paul, Im going to be honest but I have never heard of you until Brandon AK guy mentioned you in one of his latest videos and I’m so glad he did. Loving your content!
Came here from Brandon Harrera.  I wish I would have found your channel sooner.
Glad to see you broke a Million
Welcome Roy, gonna miss you Paul. While you are hangin' out elsewhere, please record some stories. Even just audio would be better than 'none'. I too, at 81, have recently been forced to slow waaay down, and it sucks [my mind says 'keep going strong, but ...]. Proof that the energizer bunny does have limitations , despite the hype. God bless you and family. Ozo
Thank you Paul.
Chlorine Dioxide, fenbenzadole, 30 day fast(Just a couple cures I’ve read up on)  God bless you man, beat this!!!
Theres no charlie thanksgiving specila at my house. Its Paul Harrel thanksgiving special on my getaway couch. A tradition I plan to keep doing every year.
Welcome Roy, thank you so much Paul. Amazing body of work, good luck with your battle
Praying for you brother, thank you for all you have given us. Stay strong and God bless you and your family.
Paul! We love you, man.  You are an absolute legend of the gun side of Youtube, and it seems some of other content creators banded on Twitter to get you to a gold star.  Donut Operator has been in touch with YT reps.
I hope you get well Paul. Stay strong.
Paul, you have taught me quite a bit over the years. I wanted to give you a poptart toast and wish you the best. Wish you could keep on doing what you been doing. But I understand a time comes for us all to hang up our boots, put the poptarts down, and just enjoy the last few days in our own way. You probably won't read this. But if you do, know that you made a million people laugh, think, change their minds on many firearm and ammo ideas, and you educated so many people. You also got countless people to go outside and enjoy the firearm hobby in a responsible, yet entertaining way. 💪 You rocked brother.
Hang in there Paul im rooting for you.keep up the good work
Never in the gun community will Paul be forgotten. Expertise, Experience, and Honor. We respect you Paul and wish you Peace.
Gonna miss you bro. One of the best gun channels on yt... definitely one of the most trusted for good information.
Love form Canada ❤
We are all praying for you Paul.  You are imho the most trusted channel on YouTube for firearms and ammunition information.  Be well, my friend. I'm just a YouTube fan of yours, I hope I am able to call you my friend because you feel truly like my trusted friend. Your sage advice is always comforting and welcoming.  Love you Bro.
Roy, Paul & crew thank you for doing this. God bless. ❤
This channel was the first gun channel I ever watched. I was just turning 21 and had my mind set on buying a pistol. After doing some research I chose the Beretta 92A1 which then took me to your channel, a video you did it must have been 6 or 7 years ago now, about the Beretta 92 and its accuracy. Over the years I started watching some others, Demo Ranch, Warrior Poet Society, Kentucky Ballistics, Brandon Herrera, but I always stopped back by to catch one of your videos every once in a while. Glad to hear the channel will continue, making something that out lives you is one of lifes greatest accomplishments in my opinion. Keep kicking ass till the very end bud.
Prayers for you Paul, your brother, your family, and friends.  May God perfectly heal you, and grant mercy, peace, and yes, Joy to you and yours through this.
Congrats on one million subs, Paul. I only wish it had happened under happier circumstances.
Thank You Paul.Thank You for everything you have done here. I will be learning from this body of work for years. I am truly grateful to you for this and I am proud to see you go past 1 million subs!
God bless you Paul and keep rockin and teaching as long as you're able, live every moment to the fullest and enjoy your family!
Biggest of respect to Paul. ❤
One of the few times I've shed a tear for someone. Paul Harrell is literally the classic mans man and there's so few of us these days. God bless you and your brother.
We did it.
1M subs!
ONE MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!
Congratulations to 1 mn subscribers! Greetings from Germany
Congratulations 1 Million Subscribers!!!!
January 31, 2024 - One Million Subscribers.  A testament to a worthy man who has entertained and educated us for years. Thank You Sir!
Hello Paul. I discovered your channel via Brandon Hererra. I absolutely love your content but sad to hear what you are going through. I just want to say thank you for what you’ve done for the firearm community. It’s been educational while entertaining and you sir are an inspiration. Again thank you, thank you for your service, and thank you for just you being you. ❤
Thank you Paul. I hope you can be on this earth just a little longer.
Thanks YouTube! Thanks for having notifications turned on but never notifying me about this video! Wtf!
Until Valhalla
All my respect and well wishes Paul, hope you stomp this sickness and live out your life in full.
PAUL WE LOVE YOU
You are Loved. By your own amd countless others who don’t know you as much as they should. The peace of G_d be overwhelming to you in Jesus name.
Paul, I'm sorry to hear of your struggles.  All the best.
Does this mean no more lung shots?
Brandon Herrera sent me, sorry to hear the bad news, God bless you
Thank you, sir. I know you don't much care for this sort of thing, but I appreciate your contributions to the community.
Heard about you from Brandon Herrera’s channel, so sad to find out about you under these circumstances, I subscribed and will be watching all old and new videos coming from this channel. God bless you man!
It's been and will be a pleasure to be part of this channel
I just want to say thank you Paul. for everything. My prayers go out to you and your family.
Hi Paul, Bless you for all you’ve done for the community. Ps. Brandon sent me here and sends his love 💕
Love you Paul! Thanks for all the wisdom. Will always come back and check out your old videos. 🙏
I love in the UK so don't have the same kind of freedoms that you have there. I love firearms and watching and learning from your videos has meant. A lot to me. I look forward to continue watching your channel, but you will be greatly missed.
Paul, Just know. There may always be this channel, there will always be guns, there will be people that come and go that entertain us. But there will never be another you. We love you, and we'll all be praying for you.
Welcome Paul
Paul, i will miss you.
100k new subs in half a day. Getting you to 1 million asap
Damn man, I’m 18, have loved guns all through my life, just now hearing about Paul and idk how. I will for sure make sure to watch plenty while he’s here, and while he’s gone❤️❤️
Guntubers and the community is here for you Paul   God bless man, thank you for everything
Thank you Paul for your Service. I knew nothing about Firearms or C/C. I've learned about life and how to deal with adversity thru your "Shatnerques" humor.   Godspeed-
😢😢😢
I appreciate you, everything you do, gods speed.
Working to get you to a million while you're here to see it, brother.
I'm here at the recommendation of Brandon Herrera. I didn't even know you existed, but I do now.   I sincerely hope we can get you over a million subscribers.
God is always with you
God bless Paul
Legends will live on
Paul Harrell is the Mr Rogers of the 2A community.  We all love you Paul.
Ddamn. So sorry. Love you Paul.
Love you man.  You're a genuine treasure. You kept the torch burning.  Eternal kudos for that.
Paul you can just cook for us and tell us old stories. Dont need to shoot and move. When we watch your videos its like we are spending time with you and i dont want it to end.
There are many entertainers on this platform. Very few can be called educators.  Thank you Paul for all the years of work you put into teaching and inspiring us.  I wish the best to you, and when the time comes for your boots to still be on your feet.
Hi Roy! Although the circumstances aren't the best, its great to see the legacy being carried onward, and I'm sure we're all excited to see what you have to offer.
This trip is coming to an end , but the next one is going to be Awesome ! your a Great and Proud Man Paul
Paul, you are an icon! God be with you on your journey as He always has been. Amen.
Paul, you are amazing and I have learned a lot from your videos. Keep fighting !
Paul, the image of you waist deep in a pond with a spatula often crosses my mind, it is the cover slip for the book of knowledge and wisdom in the shelves of my mind that you have so kindly filled for all of us who watch your videos. Thank you.
Paul, I’ve always appreciated your videos and all the work you’ve done. Thank you Sir!
Boost
9mm sent me, channel looks good, shame I found so late, prayers for you and your family.
Paul, you don't even know who I am so this will probably sound cringe and weird, but... You've always been like this fun uncle to me and I've learned a ton from your videos, and my son will be learning from you, too. I'm sure it's already been said many times, but you're awesome and we love you. And at the same time - a big warm welcome to Roy!
@BrandonHerrera sent me.  Godspeed, Paul.  And thank you for everything over the years. You’ve truly impacted the world, for the better.
Paul,  I've enjoyed and learned from your posts for several years.  I am a cancer survivor.  Godspeed, god bless you, your family and close friends.  Thank you for your service to our country, community and to your YouTube subscribers.  Your devotion, integrity and presents.... HAS! made a difference in the world.
brandons ass send me over here... mr. Paul and Roy..   happy to be subscribed to you guys..❤
We love you Paul 🫡
God bless you Paul. I've watched your videos for a few years now, so I'm definitely subscribing.
Darn, only the good died young . I hope to see you on the other side. I believe you have forgotten more about guns and rifles than I know. Thanks for the knowledge you have passed on.
God bless sir.
Paul harrell is my hero!
I have absolutely loved watching your videos over the years, thank you for the lessons, great stories, great information and the laughs.
Brandon sent me, hello!
Love you man 😢
Ima need some shatner-esk pauses, sir.😂
G'day Paul... been following your channel for a fair while now (maybe 6-7 years I think?) and have enjoyed every vid. The meat target still makes me smile... Sorry to hear about your battle, I had an Aunty fight as well. I just wanted to say a huge thank you for all of your time and effort and information, your anecdotes and stories, and the entertainment over the years!! Best wishes from Down Under.
❤
I just wanted to say thank You Paul
🙏
Paul you are a major pillar of this community and I for one would like to thank you for all the tips and tricks and not to mention all the wisdom you bestowed upon us we really appreciate it and we love ya brother 🙏🏻
A true hero. Paul you were one of the first gun channels I subscribed to and one of the presenters I have the most respect for. Thank you for all of your work, you have made the world a better place.
My heart… Paul may you reside in peace and in the hearts of millions of viewers. You have impacted many. You will live forever in our hearts. Thank you. May we see you in another future.
Gonna take him a bit to get used to being on camera/talking to a camera, but he'll warm up to it. Can't wait to see where the channel goes. If he's not reading comments, tell Paul a big thank you from all of us for giving him a lot of the insights and knowledge he's accumulated over the years of his life, he's made a big impact in the firearm community. Enjoy the time you have left and we'll see you when we get there
Love you Paul!! God bless you sir. See you on the other side brother.
Brandon sent me, praying for you and your family and binge watching your content over the next few days
Here from Brandon Herrera, Godspeed Paul, Ty for your vids!
Get ready. I just heard about you get well soon. 🖕🏽
Hi Roy, can’t wait for the next videos.  ❤️Paul
You will be missed. Watched you for years.
🙏🏾🙏🏾😔
We love you Paul.
Hi Paul. You are in my family prayers.
Keep fighting paul, we need you
Hey paul im here from Brandon Herreras channel helping to push you to 1 million. After seeing some of your videos im surprised it took me this long to find you. Your content is great. Looking to see what roy does for the channel. Keep up the good fight man
Prayers going out to Jesus to you and your family Paul!
From a fellow brother in blue, welcome to the channel, Roy!  Thank you for your years of service and may you live long beyond the years you sacrificed for your community.
Paul. Thank you so much for your videos, I always enjoyed them. I’m so sorry
Brandon Harera sent me.... God bless you man. Praying for you.
1 way or another, I hope you get that golden button bro
I've been subscribed to your channel since the beginning, and I love you, bud. God bless you.
Just came from Brandon's latest Gun Meme Review video. I'm praying for you and your family friend.
Almost 940k subscribers and just heard the news from another Youtuber The world isn't ready for you to not be setting people straight ,,
Thank you Paul.
Love this channel I hope the best for you . And your brother is “what you would call a professional”
Lots of love to you brotha i come from the brandon herrera channel screw the YouTube algo for keeping me in the dark about you for so long.   Stay based friend ill pray for you ❤
Thank you.
I’m not crying, you’re crying…
<3
I like Roy but that Man Bun wearing Chad needs to Man up.Kinda Cringy everytime I see him.Men Don't wear Buns! Unless this is Edo Japan and he is Samaurai Class .It's just Ridiculous.
Almost to a Million subs!!!!!
Yo, Brandon Herrera says hello. Here to do my part and also because I'm genuinely curious about you and your content and how your channel will develop in the future.  I will check out your content when I can get my computer fixed or maybe before if I feel like it. If there is any wisdom in your videos, rest assured that I will take it with me if I don't already know it, your legacy will live.
Paul thank you thank you for all of your fantastic videos. God bless you dear friend!
I watched Brandon Herrera's latest post today and he gave you a big shout out. One thing he requested was that you got to see 1 million subs before you go on to the next life. So here I am showing you support. Easy days and pleasant nights brother.
Paul  Thank you for the content, entertainment, and words of wisdom.   I have enjoyed watching your content for years, and am excited to share it with my children when they are of age.  The world is a better place because of men like you. God bless you and your family.
Keep your head up Paul, sorry you are going through this and as I wish you the best. I have watched your channel through out the years and enjoyed your videos and content.
Welcome Roy.  I hate you are losing your brother.  I imagine it's not easy on any of you.  Paul, God Speed.
First gun tuber I watched and followed. God bless you.
Recently found your channel. I’m a little late to the party, but love the content; keep fighting the good fight, we lost my mother in law to colon and lung cancer. It’s not easy for anyone involved in it. Stay strong!
Hey Paul.  God bless to you.  Your channel has always been a wealth of knowledge without the politics and drama.  Your video actually convinced me to buy my first shotgun.  Coming from a family that has been affected my the Big C... it was a curse and blessing.  The disease sucks AR.SE but I learned to appreciate what's important in our short lives.  I pray for you and your family.  Stay strong, God Bless... and most of all... Thank you.
Straight to the point and no frills as always. Thanks for all the education Paul, and I'm sure there's a lot more that Roy can teach us too. God speed.
70k more subs, lets go guys. Get this man his button!
Brandon Herrera sent me, I’ve binged a good 6 hours now and I hate I missed ya for this long. Keep on fighting the good fight brother
Heard great things about you from Brandon Herrera.  Happy to subscribe, just wish I'd known of you before now.  Subr #926K+ and commenter #6,570 as of 24-01-30 afternoon.  Here's to 1M subs by tomorrow and may God bless you mightily.
I learnt how to use firearms from Paul, and I don't even own or have access to them (at least easily) in my country, lol. When I last visited the US, I was completely confident manipulating the various weapons all because of Paul. Good man, I hope things improve because I know Pancreatic cancer is nasty.
Hello my friend, subscribed from the shoutout from Brandon Herrera. We're with you brother!
Praying
We wish you the best Paul, thank you for all of the knowledge you have shared with us.
new sub Brandon Herrera  sent me
Been a longtime subscriber and always found your videos to be entertaining and informative. Thank you for sharing your experience and wisdom with all of us, it’s been a pleasure,
JESSIE this is how you make gunpowder
Brandon Herrera says hi and also lets get this man to 1 million!
I'm sure you will do great. Good luck and God Bless
I have barely known you, but I am very glad to have known your work. Thank you for everything!
God-Speed Paul
Thank you Paul, for all the good info you have given us over the years. You are still my favorite guntuber.
Wishing you the best paul
Don’t stop fighting Paul
Here from Admin.  Respect to all and hang in there!❤
God bless you man...
While im personally not an avid watcher of the chanel im sad to hear that such a positive and informative influence will be leaving this world. You have saved many lives through direct actions and possibly through this channel.
🙂🙂🙂
hey paul, i rarely ever watch your videos, just one or two every few months, but after hearing whats going on i want to thank you for all of the information i have learnt on this channel, i sadly live in a country where i cant own guns but the information i have gained from this channel has been amazing. thank you so much
Sending love from Brandon’s channel.  I’m sorry for your situation sir.
Roy, looking forward to seeing you take up the mantle....big shoes!
Paul, thanks for everything you've done over the past decade.  I've been a long time subscriber since 2015, and really have learned a lot from your video demonstrations. I especially like your reviews of ammunition, firearms and their combined performance.  I like you share an affinity for a 1911 chambered in COLT .38 SUPER, the best of both worlds.  My favorite all time of your signature items, is the "meat target". No one else has come up with something more realistic to simulate shooting another human. (Ballistic gel is just a farce)  Thank for everything and wishing you peace and hopefully recovery. If not, the peace to know that you have made good impact on folks around the world with your common sense approach to self-defense and staying out of trouble.  God Bless
Paul harrell for president. Stay strong Paul. We love you nan.
Paul, thanks for what you've done for the 2A community. @brandonherrera sent me.
We love you Paul
❤❤❤
Brandon sent me here.
We love you paul stay strong brother also roy seems like a great dude
Dear Paul, Sorry for your illness. I recently lost a loved one to this disease. They went the normal treatment route. However, since you live in Oregon, I suggest you explore other options such as RSO, aka Phoenix Tears.  I wish you the best.
We're going to miss you, Sgt. Harrell.     Hoo Rah.
New subscriber here from Ontario Canada. I just heard. Brandon Herrera posted a video and in it he urged his viewers to come on over and subscribe. He want you to break 1,000,000 subscribers and get that Gold Play Button. I just subscribed. Brandon, the AK Guy, sent me. Love and respect, bro!
Remember that we are not the radio, we are the waves. 🖖😎
I'm so sorry to hear of this news, my Mother fell victim to this very thing. Enjoy the time you have left Sir, were all pulling for you.
Thank you Paul for all you have taught us. I am glad to have met you through your videos, and I am saddened to hear of the news. You are a good man and a true American. I hope our future generations will learn from you and feel inspired. What you have laid out on your channel here on YT is remarkable and worthy of accolades all in itself... You have stayed true to yourself in a world full of shit, and you have made a difference in peoples lives. Onward my friend, perhaps we shall meet again on the other side.   “And the danger is that in this move toward new horizons and far directions, that I may lose what I have now, and not find anything except loneliness.” – Sylvia Plath
Just wanna thank you for all the great videos Paul.
Hey Paul,i've just learned about your situation.I wish you all the best and that you will get well. Greetings from Germany m8.
Paul, I'm so sad to hear about your condition.  I've learned a lot from you and you've made a real positive impact on the world with your channel.  Well done, sir.
This guy sent me this way?  Brandon Herrera.  Sub & LIKE
Stay strong brother 🙏 praying for the best.
i hope the best for you
Paul from one old vet to another. Thanks brother  for everything ! Keep up the fight ! Love ya man! 👍🏼🇺🇸
As I sit here coming to terms with the fact that someone I have loved watching is passing on the torch makes me extremely sad , I will be lost on Thanksgiving not being able to enjoy a few hours with you , May God look over you and return you to us whole and healthy , I will be praying for you brother .
I'm very sorry to hear this Paul, I've enjoyed your channel for many years now. I wish you all the best.
I'm excited to see a hunter safety angle on content if you'd be willing to some of that Roy. I might want to give my own courses some day.
Subbed. You'll be in my prayers.
Mr. Harrell, please know that I love and respect you. You are the best gun-tuber of whom I know.  I will continue to pray for your prompt return to good health.  I am sure Roy will hold the fort until you can resume your role as YouTube's reigning firearms guru.   I will continue to be glued to this channel.
Hey Paul I love  watching your channel I seen your all your content twice over an I truly trust your content more than most. I am a little upset about your current situation I can't lie .but I hope to see you in a new video soon .God bless you .
I feel for Roy, not only having to deal with this painful period, but also taking over the channel will be hell of a challenge as Paul set an extremely high bar to meet. Thank you for everything Paul, your work has been one of a kind, which could not be matched by anything else. For last few years I was watching your channel it was the only one here on YT in it's class, led with such degree of informative and educational content, with natural, non-forced humor and wit, and most importantly with absolute honesty - with no ego to pump or biases to prove. You were also a model man and an example to follow, a warrior with mind of scholar and heart full of love for his family and community which is what every man should aspire to be. Thank you, again, for everything you have done for us
I'm glad Administrative Results sent me over here. I found that I needed to resubscribe because YouTube likes to throttle back the good channels. I've been subscribed for years, I appreciate all of the good content that you have produced! Thank you all for sharing and continuing to share with us, our hearts certainly go out to you and your families.
Love you Paul. Praying for your recovery always. You’re a good man who has inspired me greatly. Glad to see you, hope to still be seeing you intermittently at least! I’m sure Roy will be doing a great job if you trust him enough with your channel!
Aw man. Paul is a true gem and he has brought us so much and never demanded anything in return. It's heartbreaking to see what happened. Good luck and only best fortune Mister Harrell. Thank you for all the great content and entertainment.
God bless you and yours paul
Hey Paul we love buddy,and we’re praying 🙏🏻 for you. Hang in there.
We literally love you Paul
Paul, thank you for training the world in a lot more than guns. ❤ Prayers your way.
Paul, wish you the best, I’ve really enjoyed your content. Hope it all works out for the best. Thanks
Mr. Harrell, I have been watching your content for some time and in this age of hyperbole and grandstanding, I have really appreciated your measured method of speaking, applied practical knowledge, and delivery to be impeccable. I understand that you are facing poor health, but don't give up, America needs people like you more than ever.
You've been a great source of information, Hang Tough.  I even watch your videos through the chronograph parts and kinetic energy parts.  You are a true treasure on YouTube
You, sir, are a legend, and you will remain so long after you are gone. Thank you for all that you have given to this community. Be at peace, and may God bless you on your journey to the next life. We are all very grateful.
Looking forward to the new chapter with Roy. Thanks for keeping up with all the great videos for this long Paul.
Thanks for everything, Paul.
@PaulHarrell  Hooah, brother.  I believe that a life well lived is its own reward.  You sir, give me hope that I am right about that. Hi Roy.  Bring your A game, buddy.  We will be gentle. ;)
Hi Paul,  I just heard about your condition. I’m so sorry to hear. I just wanted to say that I really appreciate your content over the years. It’s given me much to think about and much appreciated insight. Thank you!!! Also, praying that somehow it may be God’s will to heal you so that you can continue informing us without hype or opinions that don’t seem based on reality. At any rate, while I am praying for a full recovery, I’m looking forward to what Roy will bring to us. May God bless you as I’ve been blessed. And may the Lord’s loving embrace be felt by you through all of your fans including me who have come to love you over the years.
Love you brother Paul. See you there. Been watching your channel and cracking up every time I remember you introducing the Isreali draw with no round chambered for the first time. And it was in your intro as well. But that is and was the way Masad and IDF teach the draw. Thank you my brother the knowledge.
Paul you’re a legend and a pioneer of the trade. I wish you the best thoughts and prayers
Hello Paul, thank you for all you’ve done, and for sharing your experience with us. Everyone who’s ever watched any of your content is absolutely better for it and should be eternally grateful. Much obliged sir, and best wishes. 🇺🇸
Lord we ask you to heal this cancer in Paul's body
I just discovered your channel and i really wish i had discovered your page sooner. I am praying for you Paul. God bless you.
Sending prayers Mr Harrell and thank you for sharing your knowledge with us all
Before I ever got serious about becoming a better shooter I started watching Paul’s videos. He helped me detangle a lot of bad fuddlore that I had picked up and become fascinated by the workings of firearms and ballistics.  I just learned about all this from Reddit and realized I never subscribed! I just searched them this whole time! Fixed that! I look forward to Roy’s turn at the helm but I am also saddened to learn of Paul’s circumstances.  You’re the Mr. Rogers of the gun world and it’s a great loss to current and future shooters and folks who could enjoy the soothing sounds of Paul describing his high tech simulation torso
Sir, please say, I love you Lord Jesus, I accept you...  Nothing more, nothing less.
Just here to say I watched almost all of your videos and liked almost all of them.  Very good work.  You explanted a lot of situational firearms engagements and how to practice for them and about functioning of the firearms, all very useful and I hope to see more in the future.  I guess it is my way of saying I HOPE you get Better Soon.  I am sure your brother will do a very good job, but I got used to your way of explaining the unobvious and obvious to new and semi seasoned shooter.  Get better however long it takes.  Keith
Hey Paul I'll be praying for you. I'm so sorry to hear your hard up. I want you to know you videos have been awesome and always remind me to be pragmatic about firearms.
Thank you, Paul.
Much love to Paul, thanks for the info, thanks for the lessons, thanks for the guidance but most importantly thank you for the wardrobe.
Thank you for all of the fantastic teaching you’ve done over the years Paul. I’m glad I discovered you when I did, and I have to say that some of the videos you did gave me more thinking material than I usually look for on a YouTube video. It feels horrible knowing that you’re watching your clock tick down, but I can wholeheartedly say you’ve been an inspiration in my life to find my passion. I know you’ll spend your remaining days with loving family and that is truly a gift. I look forward to your brother continuing your wonderful work here on this channel. ❤❤❤
I just had to resubscribe. Thanks YouTube SMH. I'll definitely be here to watch your brother.
I love watching you paul. Just wanted you to know. See you on the other side.
I hope for a miracle, until then stay strong and have the best time you can, Paul. They broke the mould on this guy.
Prayer going out to you Paul.
Thanks for everything, Paul.
Subbed
Thank you for years of information and entertainment! I wish you a full and speedy recovery. In my estimation you are one of the great people in the  firearms communnity.
Thank you, Paul, for your service, your information and your dedication.
Thank you Paul.
Just watched you for the first time. Truly enjoyed it.
God bless you Paul Harrell!!!!!
Hi Paul, We’re here in the comment section so please bear with any lamenting (and sobbing) you may hear in the background. I wanted to say thank you. Your channel did not grow as fast as it should have but that is simply a sign of how much integrity you brought to the format. I have enjoyed every video and have a few select favorites like the 2020 thanksgiving special (I now have a decent stock of Beanee Weenee in my survival pack), shirtless Paul in the pond with the spatula (the comments section was hours of laughs, I highly recommend a re-read), the entire series on 38 special for personal protection (the grandpa draw), the early Blackpowder shoots (mustache included) to name but a few. Your channel has been the gold standard for firearms related content on the internet.   Although it will not be the same without you I look forward to the content Roy and the crew will be putting out in the future and will continue to support them until they decide to hang up their hats.   So, as always, don’t try this at home (you are what I call a professional) and thanks for everything. All the best to the crew, your family, and God speed Paul Harrell!
I'm glad you aren't under the grass yet! Finally Subscribed! You are in my prayers. 👍
we love you Paul. Stay well
Thank you Sir for all that you do and have done.
Prayers for Paul and his family. 🙏🏻❤️‍🩹. God bless you sir and all the videos you’ve shared over the years. Forever a legend in the 2A world and always a legend in our hearts. Stay strong, keep fighting and remember we all love you Paul.
Sorry about your diagnosis Paul i love watching your videos and your unique approach to testing everything!! Hopefully you beat this thing you can beat the odds!! Praying for you!!
mr white
God bless you Paul.
love ya Paul, Roy will do great
We're with you Roy.
😊 We will be here.
Thoughts and prayers for you Paul
Hey Paul. Thanks for building this channel and sharing your experiences, lessons, and opinions in your straight-forward and methodical style. I'm a lifelong firearms hobbyist (civilian, layman) and expect to continue referencing and sharing your work here for years to come. You've done us a great service. All my best to you and yours.
Paul,   I’ve followed you for years and I have enjoyed all your content.  I cannot convey how sorry I am to hear about your condition and I pray your time still with us will be wonderfully spent and that you will soak up all the enjoyment that you can.  My best to you and your family and I will be praying for you.  Thank you again for many wonderful years of enjoyment watching your channel and for sharing your firearms knowledge.    - A Fan-
Praying for you sir.... You make the world a better place. God Bless you
God bless you Paul, we all love you. you've been like a father to many of us!
We can't tell you how much we appreciate what you've done and continue to do for the community. You are the go to for so many people looking to introduce new people, friends, and family to the basics of gun safety. Calm, clear, and consistent is a rare thing online, and even moreso on youtube. Thank you again!
You are and have been my favorite source of firearms knowledge on this platform. Thank you so much Paul.
Hi Roy! I wish you both the best and we love you Paul!
Gotta be hard on ya Roy... 😢
He seems like a good guy Paul, I'll be happy to stay tuned.
Paul is the definition of a Man.
God bless you Paul. I wish you well in this journey my brother.
❤
WE LOVE YOU PAUL!
God Speed Paul. God speed Roy.
We love you Paul. Keep your head up!
The editor needs to start taking the bits of wisdom shared in his past videos and start making shorts. The short content is exploding in YouTube. Billions of hours watched a day.
I cannot thank you enough Paul, for all of the knowledge you've given us over the years, always delivered with your humor style that I can't get enough of. I'll treasure that stuff for the rest of my times!
Never forget when I found this channel, I couldn't help thinking WTF? Never stopped watching after that, lol.
Paul du bist auch für mich in Deutschland mit einer mäßigen Gun Community immer eine Quelle des Wissen! Danke dafür und alles gut für dich und deine Familie.
Stay strong Big Dog
you are an amazing man who’s given us untold amounts of firearms knowledge you’re and inspiration nothing but respect for you and all you’ve done  God be with you Paul
Get well Paul you’re a real one
I wanted to come back and honestly just welcome Roy. I'm not the kind of person that displays any emotional reactions to any situation but this situation sucks and it makes me feel a little crappy.   I hope the channel goes on to outlive me eventually, honestly I do. I greatly appreciate that Roy will continue this legacy that Paul has here on YT and I hope everyone can be respectful of any outcome. We are honestly all here because we share interests in knowledge. Paul is an encyclopedia of using firearms and I'm sure Roy has his own knowledge that he will display to us.   Thanks to Paul, Roy, and everyone else who has even lent a firearm to Paul for us to see in use.
I blame YouTube for not showing me this channel sooner. These drills are what I’ve needed for so long. Im here to stay 🫡
o7
My thoughts are with you and the family. We love you Paul.
I am praying for you, Paul.  I'm newer to your channel, but I pray that you have a relationship with God. If you don't, I would love to talk with you. We've never met and I know very little about, but know that i care deeply for you. I pray that peace fall upon you nad your family.
Hang in there brother! Obviously none of us live forever. I'm praying for you tho and you aren't alone! Taking care of my Mother who has type4 brain cancer. She is slowly becoming a prisoner in her own head. Godspeed Paul!🤙🏼
THE best guntuber. You're in our prayers, Paul.
Just subscribed for the Paul Harrell Crusade on social media
Thank you Paul and welcome Roy!
Paul sorry for your situation. You have set a good example and provided a lot of good information over your time doing this. Apprecitae you. Hope God will make it known that he is with you and comforting you through this period.
I just learned about all this today. God bless you Paul, Family, and Friends. As a young gun owner, hunter, and enthusiast this channel and its knowledge has taught me and my friends so much more than we could have dreamed. Thank you...
Your humor, presentation style, and even the Shatner-esque pauses we all love will be unmatched, possibly forever :) Thank you so much for all of the info you have given over the years Paul, and although you may not be on the range, we still love to hear you and any sage advice you may continue to bestow upon us. Words cannot express the full extent of appreciation for your content and everything you do/have done.
Thank you and God Bless, Mr. Harrell.  You're a wealth of articulate, well prepared and concisely presented information, which has benefitted me exponentially.
oh no.  My thoughts and prayers got to you and your family Paul.  I look forward to seeing what your brother bring to the channel.
Hey dude I just heard I'm sorry brother. Thank you for trying ur best to help people that flat out dont deserve it. Thank you for ur service and thank you for allways teaching us how to figure out witch guns fit our hands best. I love ur Shatner esk pauses. So thanks brother. Thank you for your insight knowledge and anecdotes... Stories and your meat targets in front of high tech flease bullet stops. And answering all the questions with truth and honesty. I can totally tell ur a MAN of principal.. Ur one badass throw back... The first video of yours I watched was Miami dade shootout..... And boy did I gain some insight to bunch of stuff lol. As allways I wish you nothing but the best. And ill be praying for you too..  Thank you for making these videos. They really are special. ❤ -BAN
❤💪✝
Paul, I hope you know Christ. Not everyone wants to hear about it, or talk about it, but please if you read this and haven’t already, please open your heart to Him. He loves you and wants you to spend eternity with Him. We love you too. I know I’m going to catch a ration of shit for saying it but I genuinely don’t care. Jesus is king and He wants all of us in His kingdom.
Sir,     I am a retired LEO and long time Firearms Instructor.  One of the best compliments I have ever received was when a student told me I reminded him of you.  I thank you for your work, your wit,  and your calm, low-key style.  I wish you the very best.
Thank you for all your teachings Paul
Can we get the Paul Harrell action figure now???
Paul, you're a legend. I remember shaking your hand in Sportsmans ww, when you just walked past me in the parking lot out of nowhere, and i thought, man what nice guy in real life, he must get this all the time and still has patience and grace to give people a minute.   Thanks for what youve done. Men in history have crossed oceans and faught wars to achieve less, and often failed. You put your mark on history, and hopefully contributed to the furtherance of the republic for a long time to come. Thank you brother, God bless.
Man i love that you're passing it on and wanting people to take over your platform and not just selling your channel to some fuck head or leaving it behind. You made your channel for a reason and you're passing it on to your brother and some others to keep that going. That's awesome. Shows why you really want to put out content. Not just for the money, but the content and what it gives. Have watched your videos for years. I wish you and your family well and i hope you guys have great quality time together. Life is short and family/friends are the most important thing in the world
Hey Paul thanks for all your content!  Its been a great ride, enjoy the time with your family and we will see you on the other side some day.  God bless.
Im sorry if it got asked somewhere and i missed it, but what happened to Pual? Also, i hope you recover soon. Take care.
Imma ride or die with Paul. Not watching if a fed takes over the channel 😢
Thank you, Paul, for everything.  Welcome, Roy.  I'll be watching still.  My heart is breaking for all involved.
<3
Godspeed, Paul. Learned a lot. Greetings from Germany.
Roy sounds a lot like he might be what some might call a professional.
Thanks Paul for everything May God bless you
If he's passing the torch to you I trust you.  He's taught me more about firearms than the world's population combined.  He's taught me more than just firearms too.
Pancreatic cancer took my dad two years ago. May God bless you, Paul, and yours. Thank you for your years of making YouTube videos.
Hey man, have you heard of turkey tail mushroom extract?  It can fight cancer and reduce tumor size.  I really think it would be beneficial to try it. 🙏🏻 I really love your videos and your format.
Fight like hell Paul
Welcome, Roy!  Thanks for the intro!
Thanks Paul and Roy!
Vaxxed or not?
Thank you Paul for all the great content you’ve put out over the years. Godspeed
Salute
I have watched your videos with much interest for many years.   I wish you and yours only the best.  I am sure your crew and brother will do you proud.  Until we see you again!!
Paul Harrell, we love your meat target! May your brother continue this. as an inactive Marine… because there is never a former marine…  until we are dead… then we Actually rise from the dead to secure and guard heavens perimeter;  of the golden gates… where we will someday meet! while the rest advance forwarded in his name. I am extremely saddened by the news you’re not going to grace us with the semi short version of your video … again you will be missed! Semper Fi Soldier! Many tears were laid upon this video.
We'll name a range after you soldier!
Thanks
You"re a man of great knowledge, courage, and integrity...I can't say it any better than that. BTW, I'm the nut who sent you those books...out of love and appreciation. Semper Fi, my friend.
I will continue to watch the channel, will the name stay the same? Hope I can act like a man when my time comes like you Paul.
Paul buddy we need you to open your own office and gun range please 🙏 I would join your membership and volunteer to help with work needed around the place and people would appreciate your classroom and knowledge of firearms and safety for all people who want to get into the world of firearms and who better then to teach the young generation you and your brother that would be the best thing that could happen to the state of Washington
WE LOVE YOU PAUL!!  <3
OMG is paul dying 😪😪😪😪😪😪 sarcasm
Thank you for everything Paul.
Looking forward to more videos with Roy, but will greatly miss your presence.    You've been absolutely one of the most informative channels and one of the most awesome dudes on youtube.
Paul, Thank you for all you’ve done for my knowledge as well as the knowledge of the whole community. You will be missed. If there’s a guntuber hall of fame, they’ll put a full size statue of you in it. I don’t know if you’re a religious person at all but you’ll be in my prayers.   Roy, Welcome. I’m glad to hear we are keeping things in the family. It’ll be nice to hear your experience as well. Thank you for continuing this important work.
☹
What happened? Where can i find the explanation, there isn't a single video out there explaining anything
That's fucked you likely got cancer.. Sorry to hear about that mate and I also welcome you Roy.  Though, I love that you're a very responsible and practical gun expert!
There are a lot of people with gun information channels on YouTube. Some I like, some I don’t like, some I just find fun, but Paul has always been a source of information I can RESPECT. I really can’t put a premium on the stuff I’ve learned from Paul. Roy has some big shoes to fill, and I look forward to seeing what he has to contribute.
You can beat this. Go carnivore.  Get into deep ketosis and water fast. No carbs! Zero!! Starve that cancer. Good luck!
Paul Harrell is the greatest of all time, got me interested in guns from a young age. Can’t wait to teach my kids some of the things you taught me via YouTube.
I've learned so much from all your videos!
Thank you for everything you’ve shared Paul. Hope the doctors are being generous with comfort meds
Thank you Paul, for all you've given us over the years.  I can't begin to say how much it's meant to me, and I'm sure, to many others. Hello Roy, welcome!
We love you Paul.
best of luck paul , may god be wih you.
Its a sad day in America
Thank you so much for teaching us so much, Paul ❤️🙏
Paul, I love you man, You inspired and educated me growing up and i promise we will meet once the day comes. When you cross over say hello to my mother andrea for me and ill be seeing both of you once my time comes. Ill be praying for you every day sir.
Im going to miss your shatneresque.....pauses.....
I understand Paul would appreciate his privacy. But will Paul post updates himself or is he completely stepping away from social media?
Staring at my screen, trying to think of something motivational to say but I'm at a loss.  All I have is, and I think I speak for everyone here when I say ia: Paul, I have the utmost respect for you. I dread the day that I can't look to your wisdom, perspective, anecdotes and Shatner-esque... pauses. I've come to love you as though I would a father or brother. No one lives forever, but I pray that you are with us for years to come. And when the time comes, I also pray that I will see you on the other side. Hang tough brother.
Hey Paul, just wanna say how much we all appreciate the years of knowledge and advice you’ve provided the gun community. Your a good man and we are praying for you.
Checking in; cheering on. This old mule got some kick in 'im yet ...
Thanks for the years of content, Paul. Been watching years and rarely commenting. I wish you well here and in the beyond.
Paul thank you for all that you have given us. I pray for you and will forever look up to you. You taught my dad and I a lot and allowed us to bond over firearms. I will never forget that gift you gave us.
Paul. Beretta 92FS (or M9), Colt Govt. In 38 Super, or Ruger security 6 in .357 mag. Which would you get rid of last?
Mr. Harrell…I realize you do not wish to receive overly lovey dovey and sappy comments. But as one of your audience, and with great respect, I must say something anyway. I’ve not served in the military or any capacity of law enforcement. But I’ve grown up with guns and the mindset our liberties are of some of the greatest values in life, at least here in the U.S. where we have our beautiful, albeit often disregarded, Constitution. You’ve been quite the proponent of our culture, yet without having to ever say so. Your presentations are top shelf, filled with fantastic information, data and even a little humor. Your content and channel sits at the top of my subscriptions, and I am especially tuned in when I simply need that data and facts, or the meat target. You’re a solid man, even from the distance viewed from a computer monitor or flat screen. I know I am not without fellowship when I say…we, your audience, salute you. You are an inspiration and there is undoubtedly an incredibly large and strong following pulling for you.   I’m NOT what you’d call a professional. But will continue to try at least some of what you’ve taught us from home.   I guess that is all.   Much respect.  Dave
Thank you Paul. God be with you. Please accept Jesus if you haven't yet. We love you, man. You have given so much. Also, despite what you may think, you are not dumb looking. I've heard you say that several times over the years but I've never thought such a thing myself when I've seen your face on screen. I've always admired your input from the moment i stumbled upon your channel. Again, i thank you my friend
Paul Harrell is the man Chuck Norris envies. Thank you, Paul 🙏
Paul, you’re a great man and a wonderful teacher. I wish to meet more people like you, in this life. Godspeed.
I can't believe Paul is so OP cancer is trying to nerf him. Rest up as much as you need to, Paul. We're here waiting.   Welcome to the channel, Roy. Glad to have you.
Thank you for everything sir. You are a treasure.
I don't know if they'll see this I don't know how to really do email on this s*** but none of that. But if you see this my name is Davis fish fellow 0311 about to go to substance abuse treatment in Fayetteville Arkansas. Then PTSD in Wichita Kansa for around 8 weeks. If I finish all that can I come see you meet you shake your hand and I mean this is a fan request
Godspeed Paul
Thank you for everything Paul
It's actually my first time commenting on this channel. I'm a hudge fan, and have been one for years.  All my thoughts and prayers from France.
That's great!
Paul. God Bless you.
Paul thank you for all the content and all that I have learned from your channel.ay God bless and keep strong till you hour arrives. You are a Legend!
Paul, sorry to see less of you. I have a suggestion: Remember "Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom", where Marlin Perkins was in the office, behind the desk, telling background and then his expendable partner went to go get a urine sample from the rabid lion? I'd watch you in that format: "Please pardon my ... Shatneresqe pauses... while Roy demonstrates this rifle" (scene switch from classy library with Paul holding a brandy snifter to Roy, knee deep in snow, with rifle)
Mr. Harrell, I cannot thank you enough for your educational and quirky videos. You have made me a safer, and better shooter/gun owner. You were one of the first YouTubers I went to for gun and ballistic knowledge. Thank you so much, and Roy, cannot wait to see what you share with us as well.
Paul thank you for the years of talks you've given us. The day we no longer see you may be closer unfortunately but you will still live on.   Thank you for the education and the anecdotes. You're a legend to us gun people.
Paul, thank you for everything you've done. I live in Australia, and having somebody so cut-and-dry discussing guns has gotten me interested in the world of firearms and learning how to shoot. Going for my Cat A, B and H as soon as I get stable employment and a large part of it is thanks to you. Thank you for all you've taught us over this past decade and a half or so, and I hope everything is as good/comfortable as possible for you under current circumstances.
Hi Paul, I've been a subscriber since I obtained my CCW permit quite a few years ago and started my journey in the firearms world. I'm glad and thankful for discovering your channel which provided me with valuable information, involving the technical insights, maintenance, proper ways to carry and the legal aspects just to mention a few. Such lessons helped me to become a responsible law abiding carrier and firearms enthusiast. I wish you the best and hopefully bringing new content  from the fire range once again, in the meantime I'll remain supporting the channel
nice to meet you Roy
Praying for you sir. Thank you for your work
Grim Reaper kicks in all our doors eventually. All I know is I'm unsubscribing the second a guy who brags about being a cop for 35 years takes over the channel.🐷
Congratulations on the Gundy’s win! We miss you, man, keeping the positive thoughts flowing, congratulations once again, stay strong, brother!
Thank you for sharing your outdoors and firearms knowledge over the years. If you feel up for it, do you have any favorite behind-the-scenes memories from filming that you feel like sharing?
Here it is, the other side of the coin - with the same joy they watch your content, with the same joy they are ready to bury you. As sad as it is, for majority of people watching your videos, you are first and foremost a show, and then a person. This is the scourge of our era. My respects Paul. Let it be easy for you.
CONGRATS ON THE GUNDIES AWARD !!!
I think Paul has taught us one of the most valuable lessons that we could learn. We dont often get to decide the circumstances of our own mortality; however, when our time comes, we must accept our fate with dignity and grace.  I am a new gun owner. Less than one year ago now, I got my first rifle for my 18th birthday. Paul's videos have been an oasis of truth in a desert of confusion and conjecture. There is a lot I have left to learn and many skills I have left to develop (frankly, I am still a rather lousy shot). I thank Paul for his no-nonsense, straightforward, and experiment oriented approach to presenting firearms and firearm techniques. I have not watched all of the videos on Paul's channel yet; however, I likely will, as well as the presentations that Roy and the rest of the crew produce. Paul may not live forever; however, his presentations certainly will.
God Bless You Paul Harrell .
Thank you for all you have done. You've made me as a female still feel welcome. That is rare and special, especially in a format such as this.
Thank you for everything and we wish you all the best.
Wish you well. I appreciated your content  and knowledge.
Thank you for everything Paul, GOD SPEED
God bless you both!
RIP Paul, you we one of the good ones.
Hey everyone, Once again, I'm not dead. That was a hoax.   I'm not dead until you get an official announcement FROM THIS CHANNEL.
Paul, thank you for all the time and effort you put into creating so much fantastic content. I am so grateful that we will always be able to put on one of your videos any time we want to pay you a visit. Thanks again, man.
Thanks for everything you have done Paul, I meet a survivor last year so there is hope and I'm sure you're not giving up. God Speed.
Hey paul I am sorry to hear about your health heading downhill I will try to enjoy the content your brither Roy brings tonthe channel...but it wont ever be the same without you...I know you have always been the most entertaining guntube content creators and I'm going to miss the Christmas specials
Paul it has been my absolute pleasure watching the videos you have made here. you are a talented and amazing individual. Roy, you have some big shoes to fill . my thoughts and prayers are with you both.
Fuck cancer.
The Harrell family... Please excuse all the ïdíõťš false reports of Paul's death today... May God grant them a brain cell... Amen
Paul,  I realize that you probably won’t have a chance to read this, but in case you do, I wanted to say thank you for all that you have done for myself and others. I was a teenager when I first discovered your channel and now I’m married and have a son. When I was down or going through rough times, your videos were often a bright spot in a world that seemed very dark. Through the years of watching your channel, you have taught me much about firearms and their responsible use. More importantly, however, you taught me numerous lessons through example on how to carry myself as a man. For all of this, I thank you. I hope that you realize the positive impact this channel has had on myself and countless others.
Just heard about Paul passing.  I know you asked for no sympathy and grief, so I'll just say this.  I've been watching since I was a teenager, when I got my CCW, I bought a 45acp after one of your meat tests and deep explanation of self defense ammo.  I had long guns but knew next to nothing about concealed carry.  I've moved on to better choices now, alot of them influenced by your teaching.  Thanks for all the years of helpful videos and I hope we all get to learn from you again on the other side.  RIP
We will miss you Paul. I welcome you Roy with open arms. Thanks for stepping up.
😪
Sorry
Condolences to his family ❤
RIP Paul ❤
No!  Not Paul....  All condolences.
Paul God Bless you ❤  We love you! Thank you for all the amazing videos, inspiration and knowledge you shared.
You are a badass Paul.  My favorite YouTuber.
Cancer took my dad in 2017. Im very sorry to his family. Just know that he is now free and roaming the land. It never gets easier, i try to celebrate my dad every day. Rip legend
Paul, you are hands down the best gun tuber. You’ve provided an incredible service with your videos. I’ve learned a ton in the past 5 ish years. Hoping for the best. 💪 Thank you for everything
Roy, it is a pleasure to meet you! And Paul, I'm praying for you sincerely! May the Lord bless!
We will miss you Paul. Thank you for years of education and enjoyment. Rest in peace.
Rest in peace Paul.
Thank you Paul for the knowledge, the laughs and the memories.
I know Paul has killed people.. but what about Roy? Is he a killer like his dad?
I just learned of Paul’s passing from Legally Armed America. To the end, Paul was all business with us, and kept the focus on the teaching and the knowledge, not on himself. May his memory be a blessing to all who knew him, and may this channel continue to grow as it teaches and inspires us to not only be better shooters, but ultimately better people. That is truly an enduring legacy.  God Bless You Paul 🙏 To all you did for this community and for everyone you met and inspired along the way, a toast to you, good sir!!! 🥃🇺🇸
R.I.P. Paul , heard of your passing today
Always enjoyed your content Paul. Rest in peace.
Condolences to Roy and the rest of the family. Paul will be missed.
Dear Harrell Family,  I have heard the news of Paul's passing. I am so sorry. Please accept my condolences. May his memory be for a blessing.
R.I.P paul 🎉
Thank you for all that you've done. You will be remembered, God Bless.
GOD BLESS  YOU PAUL
Roy, I just saw that Paul has passed. Condolences and prayers for your family. He will be missed.
RIP. Thank you for all of the knowledge and entertainment over the years.
RIP Paul. Thanks for everything you have done for us. You will be missed dearly.
🔥✝️🔥
Love ya bro, kick ass on that trail  Semper Fi
RIP brother. Edit:  I may have spoke out of turn, not sure what i heard on Legally Armed America is accurate. LAA's video seems to have been removed.  Apologies if this is wrong.
RIP.  Thanks for the great content.
Thank you Paul. You will be missed. Semper Fidelis Brother
Paul, just heard you passed. Thanks for everything you taught us.
Rest in peace brother.
RIP Paul, God bless you
RIP Paul
RIP Paul!
RIP Paul,thoughts and prayers to the Harrel family.You will be so very missed! I am lost for words,God bless you and your family.
Well, Roy, praying for you and your family. Good luck.
Roy I am so sorry for your loss.. my condolences on Paul's passing😢😢
We'll miss you, brother. Thank you for everything. Rest easy.
Rest in Peace Paul!
I'll miss Paul.  Thank you for carry on with the channel Roy.  My sincerest condolences to you and the rest of your family.
RIP Legend, you will be missed
And in his trademark, zero-attention-to-himself style, Paul walks out of our lives.
Rest in Paradise, Paul! You will be missed.
RIP to a legend. May you relax at the great range in the sky where ammo is free and abundant and the atf can't say shit about a thing you do. Thanks for all the knowledge you've given.
We will miss you Paul. Rest in peace brother.
So sorry for your loss. Thankful for the time that we have had with him. We may not have been blood but we we’re definitely family. You will definitely be missed.
RIP sir. You will be missed. Strong reminder that our time here is momentary.
RIP Paul
May God bless and comfort the Harrell family. RIP Paul.
RIP, sir.
Still lifting up prayers of healing. We will support you Roy.
RIP Paul ❤ Thank you for your knowledge.
You will be missed Sir
Wow. I really hope all of Pauls work gets archived right now. RIP legend.
RIP...Thank you sir... Godspeed...
Keeping it short and to the point.  Thank you, Paul!  Hello and welcome Roy.
Evening Paul, Appreciate all the videos you make.  The content you've made will undoubtedly provide countless hours of invaluable information to future generations of shooters.  Hope you are aware of the truly positive impression you've left on this community, I know we the viewers are. All the best, Nick
Ah, man 😪
When I was out of work in 2020, I got a job at a sports store that sold guns. That's when I got into YouTube gun guys, and Paul was an instant favorite; striking the best balance of informative and entertaining. Each Thanksgiving sense then, I have watched every second of his Thanksgiving specials 🫡
Just saw news of your passing. Rip
Rest in Peace Paul Harrell 🕊️
Just saw the news of Mr. Harrells passing.  F in the chat.  You'll be missed, sir, thankyou for what you shared with us.
Rest in Peace Paul.
In my prayers brother🙏
rest in peace Paul
Heart and thoughts with you and your family.
I’d hoped to buy you a beer one day.  Semper Fidelis, Fair Winds and Following Seas Brother.
Legacy is secured, RIP my friend 🫡
Paul, you’re an amazing man and someone I’ve looked up to for a very long time. Your teachings and wisdom, firearm related and otherwise, have always stuck with me. You’ve been an amazing teacher and I’ve enjoyed listening to you for hours. Thank you for not just everything you do and have done but who you are, you’re an absolutely amazing man. God bless ❤
RIP sir.
Paul you've become that very rare creature- a trusted voice in the public realm.  I admire your ability to work right down the middle and let the facts speak for themselves. It's never easy and certainly not the norm in the medium within which you have had some notable success.   Best to you and your family and will continue to be a subscriber and viewer come what may.
Paul, your impact on the firearms community will never be forgotten. The community will be diminished.
"Paul Harrell Thug Life"  . . .best video ever.....
Paul, I love your content.  My prayers are with you.  Godspeed brother.
May the Lord bless you Paul.
I think a lot of people don't understand how cancer works. It spreads throughout the organs, if we are talking about the 4th stage, and affects the surrounding tissues. In the case of pancreatic cancer, this is usually the liver, kidneys, lungs, bones, and gastrointestinal tract. If it has developed like this in half a year, then this is a case of a very VERY aggressive tumor (there are several types). At some point, the growing tumor begins to decompose, that is, as if in place of the pancreas, a zone of necrotic tissue is formed, plus the fact that enzymes are produced in the pancreas that dissolve proteins and other products in the stomach can enter the abdominal cavity, plus the affected organs. .. At some point there is simply nothing left to treat, to remove... This is terrible, I feel very sorry for Paul, I don’t even know how to express it in words. I personally wish Paul and his family and friends the strength of spirit to endure all this. As they say in my country, “we’ll all be there.”
Paul, I hope you're as well as you can be all things considered
I will continue to watch your brother roy as he puts out videos. I know you'll leave your channel in good hands. I rarely comment on YouTube videos, but i wanted to say your content will stay with me forever. I recommend you to every gun advocate i know. You make the best gun content on YouTube, and your outros inspire nostalgia on a first watch somehow. Ive never stopped coming vack to view your videos as an improvement to my day and i never plan to change that. Thanks for making the most practical and informative gun videos on YouTube, ill keep watching as long as this channel lives on.
You sense of humor is why I enjoy your videos. Thank you Paul!
Good, I already like Roy better!  I’m kidding, but I’m sure he will be great.   Sincerely wishing you all the best.
thank you
Thank you for the content Paul.
Can we get an update on Paul please ?
I hope we get another video with Paul. No matter where even if its from his kitchen table. I hope we get a chance to say goodbuy if we have to at all. I feel, like many here, that we were very lucky to have been blessed with such a great teacher.
I’ve learned a lot from you Paul  my prayers go out to you
NAC, take it
Thank you for all for your amazing work on this channel and I will be happy to welcome your brother and any of his content here stay strong Brother I will you well.
Hope the time you have left was peaceful Paul it was a pleasure watching your video's over the years.
❤❤❤
Paul i really hope you nere this, I heard you have cancer and I want to let you know that a certain type of dog deworming medication can kill certain cancers (i have seen it with my own eyes it kills skin cancer and some others) it's called "Fenbendazole" or by brand name Panacure take it in powder form and see if it helps.    God bless 🙏
Thank you Paul. Godspeed.
Can't be mad, i get it completely dealing with a rare disease of my own. Nothing like what you have to endure. But just be aware that i (and many others) have learned a lot from you and enjoy the videos that you have produced. I look forward to your brother and what is in store for us.
Thank you Paul for everything.
Hey Roy, how's Paul doing?
Its hard to imagine a world without Paul... Mahalo Nui..
The Definition of a Man...Paul Harrell.
I can't help it, but this reminds me of something Biblical, while on the cross, one thing that Jesus did was.... he spoke out to his friend in the crowd and appointed them as overseer of his mother. Something very personal, and heartbreaking to witness. Not that I am comparing anyone to Jesus, we are all just mere imperfect humans (and Biblical Paul said he was the "chief of sinners" which I sometimes what I think of myself). Just taking care of business as God intended.   As a person also getting up in age and afflictions, I want to say thanks for your videos. I will pray for you and yours as is my custom.
Paul, God bless Professor. We'll all have a get together in a minute, because a "minute" is all we have. See you then my friend...😑👍
Just commenting to let you know I greatly appreciate you and your content that you have shared with us. You are the best, Paul! Thank you so much!
As a 39 year old that just deal with Kidney Cancer. I wanted to wish you luck and say that I loved your content.
Thank you Paul for everything you have done for us. My friends and I learned so much from your videos and were always entertained as well! You have many fans  here in Florida and we are all praying for you!
Paul's unique sort of mind is what makes this channel so interesting to watch.  That video where he fired thousands of rounds of 22lr to prove a point, filming every single shot was a perfect example.  He had a strong commitment to finding the truth.  I've learned a lot from Paul, hoping that he has the best possible outcome.
I do hope Roy is a student of Shatner as well.😅  I have loved this channel for a long time and I will continue watching it as I'm sure Roy will do a fine job.  Just keep in mind hearing a story while you're sitting in your rocking chair would be just as good as hearing a story out of the range so don't be a stranger please.  Semper Fi
Hi Paul we were watching 327 mag videos they seem to making a resurgence. I’d be interested in seeing one of your comprehensive videos on that cartridge. There are some however none that reviews as you do
Paul, I'm so sorry to here about your condition. My thoughts and prayers are with you. I'm glad your brother is taking over, he seems a good man. Take care of yourselves, both of you!
You're in my prayers weather you want to be or not, Paul. God bless you, and thanks for the information over the years.
You have taught me so much by your demeanor, professionalism, grace and above all honesty. Thank you. You are in my prayers
Godspeed, Paul.
I don’t know if you will see this comment Paul.   I have enjoyed your content immensely in the time I have been following you. You have always put forward information in a calm, clear manner. And usually without letting any personal biases creep in.
You were absolutely my #1 go-to when researching information on firearms.  Excellent content, demonstration, humor - everything.  You’ll really be missed here, Paul.  I wish I could say more, but I just very much enjoyed your channel and would have voted for a YouTube Play Button Placque Award.  Best regards to you and also a welcome to your brother, Roy.  Thank you
love you Paul.  Best of luck brother Roy
I think one of my imposters has been trolling you to make videos.  I never knew you and those are malicious people.  You seem like a good guy but a little confused. I wish you the best
Hey Paul, lookin' good! We're all rooting/praying for you! We still require much more Paul!
Gesù, se vuoi puoi guarire Mr. Paul🙏🏻
Best Wishes Paul. You were that  funny knowledgeable uncle that we could listen to for hours that we all wish we had.
We need more men like Paul and Roy. Teachers leave legacy's that go on for generations! Thank you Paul
😢 😭 😥.....h......hi😭.......Hi Roy 😭😭😭
To die as you lived is truly an unmatched display of honor
As long as you don't take their jibby jabs and other crackpot snake-oil, change your diet and exercise, get some sun and warmth from a fire, you'll be fine.
THIS GOES FOR EVERY SINGLE PERSON THAT READS THIS. JESUS SAID “I AM THE WAY THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE, AND NO MAN COMES TO THE FATHER BUT BY ME” REPENT AND CALL UPON JESUS CHRIST WHILE THERE IS YET BREATH IN YOUR LUNGS!!!!!
Dear Paul, I just want to add my voice to others in gratitude for all you have given us over the years. You are in my prayers, and I look forward to continued learning from your chaneel with your brother Roy. Godspeed, Sir.
Love your work Paul.  We will miss you.  Best of luck Roy.
Thank you Paul, a true American hero.
Paul thanks for sharing your insights. You have my respect and gratitude.
Paul... thank you for your numerous episodes on interesting gun topics. I've learned a lot from you over the years. I know what you're going through with cancer and it's treatments.... Be well.  Hello Roy, having been in law enforcement for 28 years I look forward to the episodes you plan to bring.
I really hope Paul doesn't die. As cool as Roy seems, it just won't be the same without Paul.
Thanks for everything, Paul. No other guntuber could ever come close to you.
Paul may or may not know but he’s been like a father to many, thank you Paul and team we will be here to support every step of the future to come !
We love you paul. Thank you for all you have done. Im sure your brother will do a great job. Just wanted to let you know how much your apreciated. Thank you!
Paul, you are A Voice Of Reason in the firearms community, through your teaching and through what you don’t say.  Thank you.
Hey Paul, first of all thank you for your service. I too am retired military after 23 years in the Air Force and law enforcement. I love watching and listening to your POV as it's intended for educational purposes and not purely for "likes".  On another note, I believe in our Lord and Savior and will keep you and your family in my prayers.  Bogster
Welcome Roy  Paul, thank you for your time and insights. You will be sorely missed. God bless you and yours.
Might wanna file copyright against this person stealing your vids  https://youtu.be/3RHCoQQ0OHg?si=CKnJaS3C5QwZqxVv
Thank you Mr. Paul and all the best.
Godspeed, Paul.
Truly no disrespect intended but I miss Paul already.
Paul is the only gun youtuber I've seen that has been both entertaining and educational, I've learned more from him than anyone else when it comes to firearms and more, he is a humble king and we must make sure his legacy never dies.   Thanks for the good times Paul.
Oh Paul, I am so sorry.  I not only empathize with you, I sympathize with you, because I am battling cancer, too.  I wish and pray for the best for you.  I hope you realize how many you've helped with your soft-spoken, extremely knowledgeable videos.
Mr. Harrell, go with God.  I can't thank you enough for how much you've entertained, informed, and enlightened me over the many years.  Thank you.
My aunt was told about 10-13 years ago that she had noncurative Cancer bone marrow/ also brain cancer/ the cancer had spread throughout her body,  she is alive and well today. ( 1 Oz of 100% blue agave tequila / one Oz of alovera plant choped in blender with skin / 3 table spoons of raw unfiltered honey. ) she ate all that every meal for 6 months the time she was given to live . After still being alive & feeling pretty good they did biopsy tests came back 100% cancer FREE .  I know u told me not to but your my brother I adopted you so u know .  Take care enjoy every moment the best you can . Oh & since you don't drink alcohol u can substitute the tequila with apple Cider vinegar 2 table spoons mixed with water . Love you man good times .
Hey Paul, I just wanted to say thank you for all the videos over the years. I am making sure to pray for you in this battle you are facing. No matter what happens I just want you to know your content and you have had a positive impact on me. Thank you and God bless you.
We love you, Paul.
I know you don’t want to hear this, but im hurting for you Paul.
Does Roy complain and whine as much as you?
Thinking of you Paul
Hi Roy
Paul thank you for all the advice and gun tips over the years, dont know what to say other than you have made a difference in my thinking and my life with your down to earth self. God bless you.
Paul I've been watching you for many years. God Bless you.  Please know that I've considered you a teacher. Thank you for everything. May God and Jesus love you forever. Much love.
Thank you for all the great content and lessons through the years.
Paul Harrell is a real man. Facing death is the final test, and Paul is showing us how to do it. Thanks bro.
Good luck Mr. Harrell, you have our prayers.  Roy, welcome home sir!
I hate this.  God speed Paul.
Paul the son of God, Jesus Christ, paid for every sin you committed! He doesn’t impute sin to your account, instead credits Christ righteousness to it the moment you believe.
Request. It be cool to see you guy team up w/ Garand Thumb (because he has the best Medical dummies - lol) and simulate.   The Ruled suicide.  What do you think on the Merriweather Lewis thing ?   Time @ 2:09:28 Merriweather Lewis suicide of Lewis and Clarke.  1809 two shots w/ a Flintlock.   Multiple peoples blood found on Masonic Apron not of Lewis.  Two shots one body one head w/ a flintlock.  Ruled suicide.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxqXyCrOOfM
Sorry to see ya go Semper fi.
You have certainly had a positive impact on the world around you. Many thanks. Each time I queued up one of your vids, I pretty much knew what to expect-'till now. Without doubt one of the most respectable on this platform.
Thanks Paul it was once said ur like the bob ross of shooting
Paul. I have watched your videos for years.  Your knowledge, safety, and skills are top notch.  You deliver content so well.  But that’s besides the point.  Your character seems to be forged, tested and proven.  I’m praying for you. I’m praying that your salvation is secure in Jesus Christ. I’m praying for your healing, but if that doesn’t happen, that you can meet death with a smile and know you added value to this world and your legacy has impacted many.  Godspeed brother.
Heisenberg! 🤣
Thanks, Paul. And thanks to Roy, for keeping it going.
RESPECT
Thank you Paul for sharing your knowledge and helping make all of us safer. We shall miss you and have enjoyed your show. I shall continue to watch.👍
I hope you win this battle Paul, you’ve got this.
Thank you Paul 🙏🏾
Its making me sad hope he wins the battle
Genuinely from the bottom of my heart Paul, thank you. You have made a lasting impact on many including myself.
Thousands are praying for you Paul! God Bless... Bill
I can't take credit for this, I saw it in the comments on another channel about Paul and his channel. The person said, "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." I thought that was a great way to look at many things, especially this.
Paul your videos are much missed.  Roy, can’t wait to see what you got in the mix for us.
God be with you Paul! I have enjoyed your videos and will continue to enjoy the ones you have made. I will stay with the channel and brother Roy. Thank you for all you do!
Prayers for healing Paul Herrell.   Eating Fresh Pineapple and Turmeric Powder with Black/ White Pepper can possibly be effective options for people to use to prevent and fight and defeat cancers.
Thank you Paul, many tough times and late night have been made alot easier with your digital company.  A friend from australia -Al
I have learned so much from paul.  Best wishes and keeping my fingers crossed for you. Welcome roy.
Godspeed Paul
Paul has made a wonderful contribution to the world of online communication.  He has provided insight and many light moments with his self depreciating humour.  You have made a difference Paul, thank you.  Good luck to you Roy.  Big shoes to fill but I look forward to seeing you in action.
Paul... If you are out there reading this, I just have one thing to say. Miracles happen. In the war against cancer, individual battles can be swayed massively by morale alone. If you have the will to go on, your body can often adapt. If you've decided to give up, the battle is already lost. Sun Tzu said, "If you know your enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the outcome of 100 battles." Never give up, and remember, you have 800,000 cheerleaders who will back you up with their moral support, should you choose to draw upon that. We won't mind a bit!
God bless you, Paul. Thank you for sharing your wealth of knowledge. You are a legend.
Thank you, Paul.  I’ve learned so much from you and I’m truly grateful for it.
Sgt. Harrell,   I served with you for a short time in the 1/162 before you were deployed. It was almost 20 years ago now but I do remember training under you as a young Private and I will never forget the positive example you set as a soldier and a leader. Thank you sir for the memories and for the channel, I have always enjoyed the videos they have always been entertaining and informative.  With all respect I have read some comments that you are dealing with pancreatic cancer. My father dealt with this in 2017 and I want you to know my thoughts and prayers are with you.   Lance Peoples
Paul, I hope this finds you well. Love your videos and I hope you know how much we want to thank you for them! ❤
Legend. God Bless! Semper Fidelis....
Paul is the GOAT. Please consider cameos from time to time. Nobody tells a story quite like you. 🙏 ❤️
Paul, thank you for everything.
Dear Mr Harrell,     Im saddened by the news of your illness and wish you the speediest recovery. I pray that hindsight shows this to be but a bump in the road. I have learned so much from you and tell everyone to watch your videos. You are an invaluable source of information. Thank you for all you've done and do. I look forward to your recovery and return. Until then I hope you are able to relax and focus on the business at hand. God speed.             Sincerely yours.       Wm. Scott Eberhart.                "Jersey"
Paul I have watched all of your videos and have enjoyed the way you present everything. God bless you.
Hey wait. Thought that it was caught early. Me and some other vets love you and will pray for peace in mind body and soul. Best-
you are a treasure, paul. you transformed me from a guy who likes guns into a guy who can shoot guns
God Bless you, Mr. Harrell. Thank you for sharing your life with us on you tube and my son and I will remember you as a great teacher, mentor, and most of all, even though we never got a chance to meet, a friend.   Gods Speed , Sir.  Mark Hopkins And my son, Alex
You are dying like a man. A dignified man. You will be sorely missed by everyone
This has always been mine and my wifes favorite channel. We really hope to hear from you again if you can. We all love you paul.
Thank you for everything, Paul. We'll see you soon.
you hang in there Paul we are all pulling for you
Take care Paul.  Hope to see you back soon.
Best wishes Paul. God Bless you and your family. Semper Fidelis!
I was star-struck when paul answered my question in the comments. Im so sorry for his and his family's troubles. I love you Paul Harrell!
Hello Paul, I’m sure you’ll never read this, but I wish you nothing but the best and wherever you shall go. I am very fortunate to have met you in person in Missouri a little while back and I’d have to say it was pleasurable having shaken your hand and listened to your stories. Take the time to be with your family. I hope you pull through this, and are back out here soon. You have given more knowledge and inspiration to myself and hundreds if not thousands of people here on YouTube. I’ve used your videos to show members of law enforcement and plan to live on your training in my career as well as help those around me. If this is it, goodbye Paul and I hope you find peace. ❤
Nothing rings truer than the saying "the good die young."
Given that Paul may not be around another year, I felt I should pay my respects while he can still possibly read this. Most gun channels on here are merely clout chasers, which is what separates you from them. I have thoroughly enjoyed everything I have learned while watching your content and have always appreciated your professionalism covering these topics while everyone else is essentially a comedic wannabe. Everyone here appreciates what you've done. I just wanted to reiterate that; Thank you.
Great channel Paul. I'm sure you're a hoot in person. I got into cast iron cooking because of you. Meat targets and all your caveats, just funny. Be well Marine.
Paul, I hope you know that you have made a difference in people's lives, the gun community, and the world. The world is a better place for having you in it. Rest easy sir.
God bless you, Paul. And thank you for everything you’ve shared with us
does this mean no more pop tart recipes?
Been following you on and off for years Paul :) I have enjoyed your personallity and your knowedge. Thank you ! All the best 🙏
Paul keep fighting the good fight long as you can.
Thank you, Paul and Roy.
Thank you Paul for your years of excellent videos that have helped me in so many ways. thanks for showing the world there's more to guns than Hollywood and "taci-cool" assholes. I'll be praying for you and your brother.
Thank you both.
Welcome Roy. You will be missed Paul.
I lost my grandpa Paul in 2020 due to a variety of health issues including cancer i still remember reading the sticky notes he left on the guns he left me. Im not ready to lose another Paul... I want you to know how much i enjoyed your content through out the years thankyou for it
Paul,  thank you for sharing your knowledge and wisdom with us for all these years.  You’ll be sorely missed.
Welcome Roy! I'm excited to see what you do with the channel, I just wish it were under better circumstances
Thank you for your professionalism, your thoroughness, and your quirks.  My experience with your content is like many other commenters.  Your efforts have made me safer and wiser.  Godspeed, sir.
Thank you for all your videos: professional, educational, informative & entertaining! I really enjoy your dry sense of humor. May God Bless Paul Harrell Always! Semper Fi! 🇺🇸
Paul, the attitudes and approaches you have displayed in your videos have been tremendously valuable for me, even though I do not own a single firearm. I have nevertheless put into practice in my life many things I have learned from you between the lines, so thank you. Thank you very much indeed for everything.
Already miss your videos Paul. Thanks for educating us in a calm and very informative way. Thanks for teaching me to shoot, especially my Beretta 92FS
Paul, Thank you for everything that you have taught us over the years. I've always appreciated your approach to making educational firearms content for regular people like me. I will continue to support this channel, learn more about firearms, and share your videos with other people.  My thoughts are with you and your family in this time. Know that you are loved and that you will NEVER be forgotten.
Omg i had no idea paul was even sick im so sad 😢 god please help paul pull through this we need him!
Hey Pauline for your final act why don’t you show your neckbeard audience how to ‘suck start’ their rifles.
Thank you Paul, for the great content that is weaved in with true entertainment.  You are a legend in the firearms sphere and will be missed.
Paul… thanks. I’ve learned a lot and laughed a lot. Hope to see you down the road.
I'm very grateful for you and all your knowledge over the years Paul. Thank you for everything, especially the Holiday specials (they brightened many of our days because some Holidays are lonely) and the stories of your life experiences. My thoughts and prayers are with you at this time. Much love to my favorite firearms content channel
Hey Paul... I just wanted to let you know that I will be keeping you in my thoughts and in my prayers.
Paul, you are the best, I  Enjoy every content you make, Thank you Paul Wish you all the best.
Hey Paul, Dr Berg has a Great youtube channel. Is now helping people beat cancer and is funding his own cancer research. Thank you for your service. Always enjoy your content.
Thank you Paul! Praying for you sir.
You were always the most genuine guy on this corner of the internet. Thank you Paul.
Thank you Paul
But will you Sing Swamp witch for us????!?!!!!
I appreciate all the content you have made. You are definitely one of my top favorites. Thank you for the lessons, information, stories, and all of the hard work. God bless you and keep you.
Prayers for you, Paul!! I have thoroughly enjoyed and gotten value from you work. GOD speed!!
Can someone fill me in?
God Bless you Paul, and your family ❤
Damn, this made me sad. Paul was the only "regular guy" in all of the guntuber garbage on here. Not playing a character or an industry shill or trying too hard to appear normal.  This also has to be hard on his brother Roy, we all just watch Paul's videos and Roy lives near him and sees him everyday.
❤ Paul Harrell
While I welcome Roy, it is under the most somber of circumstances.  A big thank you to Paul for all that you have given us.
what kind of cancer does Paul have?
My prayers are with you Paul, and your family.
I've enjoyed your solid content, advice & wisdom over the years. 😊  Sadly, you're leaving us way too soon. 😢  But we will continue to cherish an important part of you that you shared in this channel. 👍🏻  Many new fans will also continue to benefit from your videos. 👍🏻👍🏻  God bless you on your onward journey in peace & free from pain. 🙏🏻
Paul I haven’t been watching you that long but I loved your cooking videos. Rest easy brother. You will be missed.
Judging from the off cam sounds and Roy's involuntary reactions to them followed by his head turning in the last second, this seems to have been much harder than it seems on the surface. A very humble farewell, fitting your character Paul. Thank you for your hard work, you're a legend, even in the most cynical parts of the internet. I wish you a relatively pleasant and pain free time.
Thank you Paul.
Thank you for all your effort, Paul
There is no need to arrange a memorial service and a wake in advance. I have always been struck by the practicality of a man of Western culture. If he were Russian, he would have continued his shooting from the courtyard of the district hospital in case of illness. But at least his dog's name is Vodka. The dogname Vodka tells me that Paul Harrell will return to the YouTube channel.
Paul, don’t start shooting in Heaven until the bald eagle roast starts.
... Paul , please research the drug fenbendozal... a friend had the same prognosis as you , but is now in remission ...
Thanks for all the good and well presented teaching.
Paul, i just wanted to say thanks for teaching me so much over the last 8 years. Your endless knowledge helped me multiple times through countless decisions i had to make with the limited money i had. You’re the bomb, praying for you.
Thanks for everything, Paul. You & your crew really did make an enormous impact on so many people's lives with your guidance and advice. I have no doubt you have kept people out of jail and saved lives with your content.  I'm still rooting for a miracle with the others here but I think we're just a bunch of bastards that can't let go of a role model when we see one. I'm wishing the best for you and your friends & family. As someone who's been in a (at least somewhat) similar situation to Roy right now, I'm so glad you have a brother like him to help with things.
Paul is a MAN.
We love ya Paul
Fenbendazenole - joe tippens protocol.
One of the few no nonsense shill gun channels, Been thinking a lot about you Paul and about how much enjoyment and how much I learned from your videos, Nice to meet Roy!
Prayers for a miracle, Paul, and barring a miracle- a prayer for your peace if you are called before our Lord. Thank you for generously sharing the wisdom that you have.
Thank you Paul
Paul, you are loved. Thank you for your efforts and the education you've provided throughout the years. May the rest of your awesome life be spent in the way you wish, and among friends and family.
F
Okay I missed something, which video did he first discuss cancer?
Paul, the comment section is full of love! You’ve touched many lives and we are all thankful for you. I prayed for you, you’ve taught me so much about shotguns that I now collect police 870’s. I will continue to pray for you.
You're a great teacher, Paul. Thank you for all the information and inspiration. Take care.
We love you, Paul. Looking forward to your stories, Roy
Thank you Paul
Thank you, Paul.
Thanks Paul, have watched numerous videos. Always insightful
thank you
Love your videos man, thanks for all you've done.
Thank you Paul for all of the knowledge you have passed on to learning shooters! Welcome Roy!
Greetings Roy!  I wish you much luck and success with the channel.  Paul, I wish you the very best, and know that I'm pulling for you.  Thank you for all the wonderful entertainment and knowledgeable content you've created over the years.  You've made a real difference, my friend.
Go with God and may peace be with you.
🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡
Thank you Paul for teaching me, my friends and children about a lot of knowledge surrounding guns - long guns as well as pistols, ammunition, maintenance, facts in general - and your what you say "anecdotal information" is as important too for us viewing. Not only for English speaking US citizens, but your base of viewers are very much from eg Scandinavia, Northern Europe, Eastern and Central Europe, Latin Europe, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa where hunting/shooting cultures and traditions always have been a part of the countries folk identity too.  Being no youth neither, Paul, I say to you what we say to each other where I live - "Will be seeing you on the rare hunting grounds". And for you Roy, brotherhood still continues in the rare hunting grounds, but before the gathering there - take well care of yourself and your brother, and thanks in advance for your videos.  Admiration, respect and best wishes from 🇸🇪
good luck paul . learned a hell of a lot from your videos. what ever happens i hope you get to come back. we will miss you .
Best of luck, Paul!! Prayers sent.
I have nothing but the utmost respect and appreciation for you giving us this inside look at your private life. I lost my grandfather to cancer, his name was also paul, I wish you all the best in your fight for you and your family. Thank you for sharing your insight, opinions and anecdotes, never once did I mind the speech impediment or the shatneresque pauses you are one hell of a model American. May you be in peace and love, I hope this world offers up a miracle to someone deserving of one.
Paul, I hope you beat your cancer and have been a quiet subscriber to your channel for years. I love your content and have deep respect for you. Godbless and fight on!
Daily prayers and comment for algorithm.
Comment
Please give us an update as soon as possible. We love you Paul. You really have been an inspiration and reliable source of knowledge for the rest of us younger folk.
I send my condolences to you and your family.
Praying for you Paul. God bless you and may he give you strength and peace in your battle.
Paul thanks for for the years of dedication, your wisdom Is greatly cherished and waking up in the night to the "longer or extended version"  of your videos has and will be a highlight of my life. Brother Roy welcome to the channel we all look forward too what you have in store for us
Paul, I am surely not alone in wishing the absolute best for you.
Thank you for all you have done.  Godspeed and prayers.
well, whatever you do, do it the best you can paul. best of hopes and wishes. do what you need to do please.
Thank you so much for everything you have done for your fellow man.
This is incredibly heartbreaking Paul. I've watched you for the better part of 10 years at this point. I'd like to share with you that the most important thing in this life is to repent and place your faith in the Lord Jesus Christ who died for the sins of all those who would believe upon Him.
Mr. Paul Harrell Sir Thank You For Your Service and Thank You For All The Knowledge and Laughter and Entertainment All These Years! We Are All Going To Miss You Dearly My Friend! And I Do Consider You A Friend From A Far! I Really Regret not getting to come and see you in Missouri a few months back and at least meet you and Shake Your Hand Sir! God Bless You And Keep You Safe With Him!!!!! I've Been Praying For You and For A Healing If It Be God's Will!!!! You Sir Are A Good Man and A Man Among Men You'll Always Be A Legend To Look Up To!!!!! Again God Bless You And If God Takes You Home To Be With Him Farewell For Now Sir and I Will Meet You On The Other Side Someday!!!!!! And Welcome To You Roy I know how it feels to be losing a Brother I've lost one already and out of the two I have left my oldest Brother and my youngest Brother I will lose the youngest not long off he's hanging on tenuously from heart failure! So God Bless You As Well Roy!!! I feel your Pain Sir!!! I'm not the Kind of man to cry except losing family but I'm crying inside for you Paul and You as Well Roy and all you family!!!!! 🙏🥺😢😞
Good-bye Paul, and thanks.  I will always remember the Thanksgiving Day specials!
You are going to do fine, Roy, don't sweat it.  👍
We love you Paul
Hi Paul, I have never commented on one of your videos before but I have been watching a long time. I really appreciate your videos and your Thanksgiving specials have brought hours and hours of joy. I wish you well sir and will just add this to the pile as one more comment letting you know your work has mattered and is very deeply appreciated. I will pray for your family and hope that you have found salvation through Jesus Christ. Peace brother, rest well.
Thank you Paul for everything. God bless you and comfort you.  You have been a phenomenal teacher despite the remote format and have made me approach self-defense problems from a different angle than the status quo.  Please know that you're appreciated by hundreds of thousands of strangers that will miss you and who all appreciate the great work you have done.
Thank you, Paul. I learned a lot from you over the years.
Paul, for years you’ve been preparing us for the “event” where we will have to bear arms and fend for ourselves.  That time seems to be inching closer and closer, soon now.  I always imagined while fighting in one part of the country you’d be doing the same in another part.  Fighting for freedom and decency.  Just so you know, and on behalf of all your fans, when time comes if you are not with us…we will be using the wisdom you so gracefully bestowed upon us to bring down an ungodly reign of fire on our mutual enemy.  We will do you proud my man.  Thank you.
We’d still love to hear your anecdotes and stories like that one you told in your office Paul, but we understand. Thanks for everything.
I wish you the best Paul, thank for all the years of knowledge and entertainment and thank you for being the most genuine firearms youtuber there is, you have taught me alot.
Thanks Paul, for all you have done.
Gonna miss ya Paul! Thanks for all you’ve done and shared with us and good luck to you!
God bless you Paul!  I’m praying for your health and recovery. 🙏
Paul, you are a man who deserves the utmost respect. Thank you for all you've taught us. Thank you for putting up with some of the crazies hahaha, and thank you for promoting one of our constitutional rights. On behalf of the 2A community, for all you have done, thank you.
Thank you for sharing your knowledge, humor, humility, and passion with us over the years. You’re a legend, Paul.
Thank you paul for the good times
Paul, I don't know if you will read this, but I simply want to thank you for all the knowledge you have given this community. Whatever the future holds for you and Roy, I wish you the best.
Paul: I’ve watched you for years and always been impressed.  You’ve made a positive difference in the world. Thank you for everything. I know the channel will still be amazing.
Hi Paul, I see there are almost 6,000 comments and this may get lost, but I did a tribute video to thank you on my YouTube channel. You have been a tremendous inspiration to me and starting my channel a few years ago. I greatly appreciate all that you have done and given sir. Thank you.
I so very much respect you and your opinions on firearms and instruction. Godspeed Paul. Welcome Roy.
Paul, you're my fav Uncle. Thanks for all your wisdom
Hey, Chuck Harrell, if I can, so far, survive 5 encounters of the worse kind with cancer, over 30 breaks and fractures with, so far, 21 general anaesthesia surgeries then you most definitely can.... Just don't freak the doctors n nurses out by doin it standing on your head.... Hope everyone gets that. Quick ones help the slo ones. I sometimes can share miracles so be watchin, sending one your way. rick in Tennessee. Jan 14, 2024. 6:21pm. CST.5
This makes me sad
I'm from the UK and obviously we don't have (much) access to firearms here. Nonetheless this has been a fascinating channel I have followed for years and Paul's anecdotes are always fun to listen to. Sending best wishes, and I'm sure Roy and the crew will do an amazing job with any future content.
Paul finished with a lesson on how to be a man. Thank you Paul.
I love this channel, it’s been my go too for years.  Thanks for all the helpful videos over the years.
Thanks Paul!!
Paul, thank you for introducing Roy, we all appreciate it.
Thank you for your service. Thank you for providing educational content and some fantastic stories and laughs. Thank you sir
This sucks
Prayers Paul!
We love you, Paul. Absolute legend.
😥
God bless you, Paul!  Pancreatic cancer is no joke.  I wish you the best!
Paul was unique in that while firearms videos usually attract a certain demographic, his almost Joe Friday “just the facts” presentation and storytelling ability could engage just about anyone who has an interest in guns. You could be to the left of Lenin or so far right you call it “The Peoples Republic of California” but Paul had no interest in broadcasting his Politics, his aim was to be informed. He’s the only YouTuber I know who consistently refers to his videos as “presentations” and I wish a lot more YouTubers would take some lessons from him. He’s not going to be replaced, and we will miss him terribly
I've waited so long to comment because I don't even know what to say. I don't often comment. I usually just hit the like button. Welcome Roy. After all these years of entertainment and learning, Paul, my brother in arms from the same era, I just don't have the words. With respect.
This may seem corny. But i watched to learn from a father figure that I never got to have .  Each video was an experience of how good things can be in life matter what, and to look for that good . Much thanks for your time , and knowledge to do this channel and to your brother for keeping the channel going.
Paul, over 40 years ago, my grandmother was given 6 months to live due to spreaded skin cancer. She prayed to God and believed she'd heal. She is still with us today. The doctors deemed it impossible. But with Jesus Christ, everything is possible! Don't give up!!
Ok I’m hearing you are leaving! Thanks for all your info about firearms! You are a very knowledgeable man and I will miss you! But I’m glad you have sent your brother I hope he is as good as you?
Hey Roy.
God Bless you sir! I’ve always enjoyed your videos, the knowledge and experience you’ve shared, and especially your sense of humor.
Paul,  i dont know if its too late but my aunt had non hodgkins lymphoma but took a super food called Reliv.  You can only get it thru a destributor but please look into it. I dont beleive u can get it online.  It completely killed her cancer 100%.  The doctor was gobsmacked!  Im not lying in the slightest and hope the best for u as someone who has watched u for years.
Paul - I can’t say anything that hasn’t already been said. We hope and pray that this is just a little speedbump in life, and before we even realize the time, you’ll be back up and entertaining us with your “short” anecdotes. However, if not, we all know your take on it being “everyone’s gotta go someday, don’t make a fuss over it”. If the latter rings true, I’d like to introduce you to my grandparents and my 2 dogs, Bailey and Evo. They will be more than happy to comfort you if the inevitable happens. We’ll keep watching, and hoping that you’ll make a full recovery and come back. Love ya, man!
I am not a big fan of coarse language for its own sake, but sometimes there really is only one way to express oneself effectively. With that in mind *inhales deeply * FUUUUCK!
Paul you are a bad ass. Thank you for the years of experience and information you have shared with me.
Thank you for everything, Paul. It has been an honor and a blessing to be a subscriber for these years. I’ll continue to follow and know that your content was always met with heightened interest, along with being greatly valued and appreciated. God Bless you and your family!
THANK YOU  MR HARRELL
Rance here Paul, I will keep you in my prayers and your name at the top of prayer list. It has been a pleasure to watch your videos. Your love of firearm knowledge is awesome! Thank you for sharing with us.
My prayers are with you Paul 🙏 love your channel God bless you.
Wishing you good luck on the recovery. the information you've shared on this channel is invaluable, not just about firearms but survival stuff and also general life advice. I've found all the stories, anecdotes  and dawn of time explanations very entertaining. Wish you the best Paul.
A bunch of larping (live Action Role Play) Communists. The second guy is so lame he doesn't have his sling positioned properly. It looked like several were really young to be owning AR-15 platforms. This is why they hide some hide their faces. What a bunch of clowns...
Thank you Paul for all you’ve so graciously shared with us! You will be missed.
Dear Paul. My husband and I have watched you for years. We are truly sorry that your journey is going to be cut short, there is no justice. Thank you for being you, for your quirky ways and for giving great and important information. I hope however long you have left is filled with love and support. Thank you from two fans from the United Kingdom and may your final journey be a peaceful one.
What is this no I'm gonna miss Paul.
Hey Roy, it's a pleasure to meet you! I look forward to hearing some of those anecdotes!
I missed it. What happened to Paul?
Pleased to meet you Roy.  Paul, keep up the good fight, and be back soon!
Thank you so much Paul!
This definitely hit me hard, I and as well as others will remember this awesome legacy, like that cool uncle that has great advice always.
Paul could you do a side by side of 9mm HP against Russian 7.62x25 H.P . This would be vey interesting to know.
Im sure this would be ridiculed.  But the great Crusaders and Saints of the early Church have a Novena to St. Joseph that is to be said every day ---a prayer never known to fail.   ---Oh St. Joseph whos protection is so great so strong and so prompt before the throne of God , I place in you all my interests and desires.  St. Joesph do assist me by thy powerful intercession and obtain for me from thy Divine Son all spirtual blessings through Jesus Christ our Lord, so that having engaged here below your heavenly power I may offer my Thanksgiving and homage to the most loving of Fathers.  Oh St. Joseph I never weary contemplating you and Jesus asleep in your arms, I dare not approach while he reposes near your heart.  Press Him in my name and kiss His fine head for me and ask Him to return the kiss when I draw my dying breath.  St. Joesph, patron of departing souls.  Pray for me." ---Amen.  Semper Fi.  0311 ride or die brother
Thank you Paul, you have been a consistent bright light in this community and won't soon be forgotten. Welcome Roy, thanks for stepping up, I'm sure it must feel like an honor to continue the Harrell family contribution to firearms culture and education.
Paul thank you for your content and being a straight shooter!  I am new to finding your channel and am so very glad I have.
We've all experienced a time in our lives where grief and loss had us wishing that we could have just a moment more to say something to someone that was profound in our lives. To tell them that their life bettered our own, that they taught us lessons and set examples that will carry on with us into the twilight of our own lives. Mostly, we wish we had that moment simply just to let our words fail us, and let our outpouring of love do the talking.  Paul, I hope that you're reading the comments; because 5.7k people are doing that very thing here.   We love you, Paul. When the day comes, the angels are about to lead you down a wooded tail to see people you have greatly missed in your own time. Go with the angels, our friend. there's a spot by the campfire waiting for you. 🤙
"I play not marches for accepted victors only, I play for the conquered and slain as well. Have you heard it said, it is good to gain the day? I also say, it is good to fall. . . Battles are lost, the same way, in which they are won." whitman paraphrased. Paul, to be facing this horrible thing and seeing quite possibly the end of the road much sooner than expected, must be truly mind numbing. I've been a fan for almost a decade. I have gained much wisdom from you, been entertained in a way that no other gun channel has ever accomplished. I guess the optimist in me always fights to win out over plain fact, and I'm sure you are much the same. As a vet, I can only say, "Charlie Mike", and should worse come to worse, when and if you see that man with the cowl and the scythe, spit in his eye once for me will ya? I look forward to watching Roy carry the torch. As our 45th infantry division motto decrees, "tujours en avant", always forward.  Hope to encounter you on the other side should that come to pass. "Where I go, you cannot now follow. But I have left a map showing the way"
Paul, your videos have brought me years of enjoyment thank you for everything. I will always remember you and your videos 🫡
God bless you, Paul.  I always enjoy watching your videos.
Wow, this actually brought a grown man to tears. Paul, you have done so much and educated so many in and outside of our community. God bless you sir.
We love you and your content, Paul. Thank you for all the incredible information throughout the years, I have personally enjoyed and got a lot of valuable knowledge from them. Although your time is shortened i hope you can read through these comments and know that we appreciate you and never forget you. we will always have these videos....and the complimentary schatner-esque...pauses.
Thank you, both of you. Thank you.
Paul, You are an incredible inspiration to many many people!!! I can only hope to be half the man that you are!!! You are one hell of a man!!!!!
God bless you Paul, and thank you for everything you've taught me, and so many others.  Roy, I wish you long life and prosperity, and that this channel continues to live on in Paul's honor. Paul I hope you get to go hunting with Chuck Hawks :)
Hello Mr Roy, will be happy to watch you COntinue Paul's work
surprised you dont have a holster or mag pouches mounted to that crutch lol. looks like a good bit of gear could fit on it
Thanks Paul.
Thank you for everything you have taught us. We are all praying for you Paul.
Paul you will be missed. I hope things turn and you come back or at least do the occasional video. Roy welcome. I look forward to you continuing this channel.
I’ve been following you for years.  You’ve always had my deepest respect.  Vet to vet, you’ve got this brother. Drive on, we’ll cover your 6.
Thank you Paul for everything you've done for us, the viewers. I have the upmost respect for you and hope for the best for you. Welcome Roy to YouTube!
Youtibe won't be the same without you Paul god bless ❤
paul is a pillar of this community and his knowledge and instruction will survive forever. im so grateful for his information! wish you and your family the best paul, we all love you!
Hi Paul! I wish you well with your health treatment and recovery. Thank you for sharing your knowledge and your contribution to our country and the firearm community!
Paul, I know ya dont like all the touchy feely stuff, but thank you. Just know alot of your people on here have good common sense, and will carry on the good works.
Paul, thank you for everything you've taught me on this platform over the years. You are the greatest firearms content creator on YouTube, and I've always appreciated you for the quality of your videos, your thoughtfulness, your wealth of knowledge, and your Shatneresque... pauses. Thank you and God bless.
We need our young men to be like you, Paul.
Thank you, Paul 🤙🏻. We will all miss you terribly.
Thank you for everything Paul ❤️
We all love you Paul!! I’m praying for you. I doubt you’ll see this but you’ve brought nothing but laughs, happiness and priceless information to the community. I personally thank you for all you’ve taught us and I’m sure there’s PLENTY of others who feel the same way. You’re a great man thank you Paul.
Thank you, Paul.
Love you Paul
Goodluck, Paul. We love you and we are rooting for you.
Praying for you, Paul
i love you paul and wish you nothing but the best for you and roy.
Thank you for everything paul
I will miss your work. I enjoy your content, but what I will miss most is your presentation . Your style reminds me of Andy Rooney from 60 Minutes. Thanks for the memories.
Thank you, Paul, for being a giver and an example to us.  Thank you, Roy, for being willing to share your experience and expertise.
I like roy already
Welcome Roy!
Too much cancer nowadays. Way too much.
I cant see youtube with out Paul,  I am with words  !
Sorry to hear about your misfortune Paul, but you will be loved and remembered by many.
You were the inspiration for me to buy my first handgun and begin training. All of your videos were so informative and educational that I couldn't of had a better YouTube teacher. Thank you Paul, and Godspeed.
Paul I wanted to thank you..I qualified expert in pistol at the LE academy. You helped me better acquaint myself in the application of firearm tactics. I hope and pray you’ll get through this.
Can we help
May the Lord God remember you in his kingdom always, now and ever and unto ages of ages.   May your memory be eternal and may you find peace. God bless you.
i've been following this channel since the first few videos you've posted...bumped across it and have been hooked ever since. There are a lot of guntuber channels out there, but there was always something comforting and homely about this one. No fancy graphics or BS. it was clean and your personality came through. I don't know you personally, but i found your channel comforting.  watching your videos was like visiting an uncle or grandfather.   My  thoughts and prayers are you with you, and i hope that by continuing to donate to the patreon that the proceeds can go towards your wife if anything were to happen. I hope you pull through this Paul.
God bless you Paul.
We love you Paul! In a platonic brotherly way of course, I hope God helps you
Paul, I've been subscribed to you for quite a while now. I don't own firearms and it was never a thought in my mind about buying one. I just always loved tuning in to see you share your knowledge, life lessons and stories.  Such a shame that it has come to this but I hope for the best in your health, even if it may not be so good.  Won't be the same without ya.
Paul I've learned so much from you and have greatly enjoyed your work. God Bless, thank you.
My official Paul Harrell meat target T-shirt arrived today, I love it! Anything I can do to support Paul I'm happy to do it.
If this guy is good with Paul, then he’s good with me.
Thanks Paul!
Godspeed Paul. Love you man. It's been an honor following this channel and your dry humor and wit all these years. I can only imagine the daily struggles you have to deal with now. Thank you for over a decade of education and the occasional hilarity you gave us. Take this time to do whatever gives you the most joy brother.
Thank you so much Paul for all of your videos.
Thank you Paul for all that you have done and welcome Roy and thank you from Canada
My mother was diagnosed with stage 3 cancer in Jan of 2023.  My father and I took her to the Burzynski Cancer clinic in Houston.  Very expensive however, his success rate is through the roof and has been doing this since the 1980s.  My mother was diagnosed as cancer free in July.  God has never stopped performing miracles.
I dont know how I am just finding out about your diagnosis. Can't even believe it, man. Another YouTuber I grew up watching is also battling pancreatic cancer. Thanks for sharing your knowledge and time with us over the years, brother. I welcome Roy into the fold with an open mind. God speed, Semper Fi.
Praying for Paul…. Hello Roy  God bless the family in 24’
God damnit Paul. Don’t leave us. But if you do, I love you, Godspeed sir.
Thank you for everything.
Paul, thank you for your unique and informative content.
Glad to have you Roy. Look forward to learning more under your tutelage.
God bless you and your family Paul. Go in peace
Would like to take amount and thank you for the story's and education. Give it hell Bud.
🫡
Paul I truly appreciate all the content you've put out through the years. I've learned a lot of great information and truly enjoy your dry humor and style of teaching. I wish you and your family the best.
Paul, I just wanted you to know that you  changed the course of my life. I’ve been struggling on and off with an alcohol and sugar addiction for the past year and a half, following a divorce and the unexpected death of my sister. I have tried to quit many times, without success. I haven’t cared enough whether I live or die. Because of you - I care enough now.   “It does not matter how long you live, but how well you do it.” ― MLK Jr.  You did it well, Paul. Thank you for giving us the gift of you.
I feel sad...I really do. I live in Belgium and although I do not know Paul personally, but in all those years here on YouTube he has become a bit of friend of me without he knowning that...does that make sense? I can't explain it. He is a no bs man and always seems honest about anything. I know his brother will do it well, but boy...I will really miss him. 😢
Thank you, Paul! For all those years of sharing great Knowledge!
I've cried over the loss of Robin Williams and Gene Wilder. I hate knowing I'm going to cry again. Thank you for everything Mr. Paul Harrell. I look forward to your devotion Roy.
Well he certainly doesn't look like a cop. Not at all
Never appreciated Paul as much as I should have. Oddly enough I realized this a few months before he came out with his diagnosis. I had rewatched a lot of vids and was struck by how much valuable info was in there. Paul has away of cutting out all the BS. A rare person. God bless, Paul. Glad to have shared the planet with you for our brief stint here.
Thanks Paul, every video I've watched over the years has taught me something, or made me laugh, thanks for all the amazing videos and time you put into entertaining and teaching us random folks on the internet. You're the best. And thank you Roy, excited to see what you make!
You are one of the few persons who actually made a difference in my life on so many levels. Thank you for everything.
THIS is one of the saddest Videos I've ever viewed. Thank You for ALL you have created and presented and in the style you have.  Nothing to change or improve...except for your health status.
I love you, man. You're a fucking legend.
Thank you for everything Paul. I dont know if you'll ever read this, but I want you to know that you were an inspiration to me. Your calm and intelligent demeanor is something that, to this day, I struggle to emulate. It was an honor to be able to enjoy your content. I am glad to have learned so much through your videos over the years. You will truly be missed, but until then I hope you can truly grasp how much we all appreciate you.   God speed and thank you once again, from the bottom of my heart. I pray that one day I will be able to teach a son of my own half as well as youve taught us.
Paul, you have been an absolute blessing on the internet. Thank you for all you have done.
Receive Christ my Brother! All of our time is short.
This is such sht. I hate MDs. I hate this hell we call life because we're too stupid to see where we actually are. It's just a game of finding shit to do while waiting for the demonic fcks of this world to get around to you. Doctors are groomed killers and most have no idea how manipulated they are.
farewell
I just want this as a tiny contribution to memory somewhere, a small memorial if you will.  Thank you Paul, for not only the firearm knowledge you have shared. I am truly inspired by the way you carry yourself and the exemplary display of your behavior and outlook. Your demeanor and approach to life have been a remarkable example for me to follow. Your influence has shaped my perspectives and encouraged me to strive for excellence in my own actions and interactions.
God’s Speed Paul!
Good to see you Paul.   Im glad you introduced your brother to keep the channel going.  It wont be the same, but things change no matter what.  Im a few years older than you.  We all plan to live to long even though we all know that many won't.  Enjoy the ride while it lasts.
Hey Paul, I just wanted to say thank you for all your videos. They have helped educate me a lot and also given me a few laughs along the way. Looking forward to Roy's videos.
Paul, you have made a huge influence in my life. I appreciate all your work and wisdom. I will pray to the Lord for your health, and your soul. Keep fighting and know that many, many people love you.
Thank you Paul and thank you Roy.  I appreciate everything that both of you have done and continue to do.  Prayers and love to you guys and your family.  Godspeed.
Bless you Paul
I'm praying for you Paul. May the lord have mercy on you.
So sorry for Paul and to be losing this channel. Fuck cops!
Paul, I want to let you know how much of an impact you had on me when I first got into guns a few years ago. I had just turned 21 and bought my first glock and I knew I wanted another gun. After doing some research I ran into one of your videos about 1911’s and I watched religiously from that video on. I now have a couple of rifles and every time I was planning a visit to the range I would always dig through your channel to see if I could learn something new. God bless you because in a world that demonizes guns, you were able to keep old traditions alive and get this young man into firearms. Wish you the best
We love you, Paul.
Definitely handling this with courage and showing folks how to be a man. Paul your an inspiration to others  thank you for all your wonderful content and humor. Definitely wishing you a miracle. And we’d be happy to hear your wisdom even if from your porch or recliner.
Paul, thank you for everything. I know you likely won’t see this, but I just want to offer my sincerest thanks for all of the education, anecdotes, and entertainment you’ve provided over the past several years. I feel like I’ve learned more from you than any other firearms instructor, and that knowledge will always be special to me. Thank you for everything, Paul.
Thank you for the memories, Paul. Best of luck to Roy and God bless both of you.
I just want to say Thank you Paul Harrell for every anecdote, shatner esque pause, and lesson you have provided over the years. You are an absolute inspiration and blessing.
Well damn....  You've sure educated and helped many people...!  Kick some butt and win if you can.
Many of us didn't have that 'uncle' who could explain "how it is done". Paul took that spot. There are many crack-shots and superachievers with outstanding shooting skills. Paul checks all of them boxes, but he also stands out as a teacher who could speak in a way that was not intimidating. His videos have a unique learning quality. His mid-sentence pauses and dry monotonic delivery of wry humor are always spot on; like his shot placement.  Paul has a certain outlook on life that is oddly refreshing. Thank you, Sir, for your service and contribution to the community. May you find peace wherever the journey leads you.
Paul is there something you need to tell us? No offense to Roy but he ain’t Paul Harrell. Get Well so you can keep on being Paul Harrell. If you are retiring I wish you the Best. Don’t just try to trade yourself out and hope we don’t notice.
Wishing all the best Paul. Thank you for all the wisdom you've given me and I pray you'll be back for more soon.
Godspeed, sir.
I’m alittle confused was there something I missed didn’t see anything saying he is sick
Thank you Paul for all of the education and info over the years. God Bless You my friend.
Paul, if you are 'leaving', please consider posting a video where you say goodbye.  you mean that much to 'us' your viewers.  you are much more to 'us' than just some  youtube channel guy.
Welcome, Roy. And thank you for everything, Paul. However it goes and whatever transpires, you are a Figure for grown men to take advice from, not some YouTube personality.
Also want to welcome Roy, and say that we all feel for you and your brother and your family. I don't know what Paul wants you to do exactly with this channel, but just know that it's of course totally understandable if you need some time to process everything. Take care of yourself and your brother and in time when you are ready, so will we be.
0:38  Well Roy, that all sounds good, but are you whatcha call a professional?
Thank you Paul, thank you so very much sir.
Thank you for the knowledge and the laughs, Mr Harrell. Godspeed
Let’s all pray for Paul. Let’s pray he can beat this, stay comfortable and stay strong. God bless.
Hello Roy, I look forward to learning from you.  Paul, thank you and can you be less stoic now?
Gonna miss you Paul I’ve learned from the best with you over the past few years. Hoping to learn some more from your brother as well.
paul, thank you for all of the wonderful wisdom you have shared over the years. Just curious on who is the better shot, LOL. Wishing you the best.
It's hard to overstate the value that your methods meant to this community. A thoughtful, self-aware, scientific approach is so rare in this day of fast "facts" and clout-chasing. I hope you understand just how much your work means to us all.
What is the world going to do this Thanksgiving and Christmas? 😢
Thank you Paul for everything you do. Take good care of yourself!
Paul,  You left a trail of genuis....   How will the value of your days be measured? Not by what you have, but what you did.   What will matter,  is not your success but your significance, What will matter, is not how long or by how many people you will be remembered,  but rather by whom and for what.
Dear Paul,  I’ve enjoyed your videos for several years. Thank you for your contributions to our 2A awareness.   I will pray for you as you endure this health challenge. God Bless you (and brother Roy).
Thank you
Paul, we wish you a comfortable departure to what awaits you...and all of us ultimately. Your subject contributions to this community have been unique and lasting. In essence, you will continue to be with us since you have provided so much of interest. Your legacy here on YT will remain. I know that I will continue to revisit your content in the years to come. Travel well Mr. Harrell. You've made a fine mark for yourself. We thank you for the good work.
You’ve taught me a lot over the last ten years.  God bless you Paul. Thanks for making me smile.
Waitasecond. . . So your brother is a meth kingpin from New Mexico!?!?!?
WHAT IS GOING ON? WHERE IS PAUL GOING?  I HOPE HE/ HIS FAMILY SEES THIS. PLEASE LOOK UP "CARNIVOIRE" DIET, ASAP.  WHATEVER IS WRONG, CAN BE REVERSED,....IF YOU STOP TRUSTING CORRUPT "DOCTORS". IT'S ALL IN THE FOODS WE'VE BEEN POISONED BY.   DR ANTHONY CHAFEE, SHAWN BAKER, DDR NATASHA MCBRIDE, ETC.  CARNIVOIRE / STOP EATING ALL PLANTS, VEGGIES, ASAP.......FULL OF POISONS AND CANCER.  I HOPE PAUL AND HIS FAMILY SEES THIS!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for everything, Paul. 😢
Thank you Paul
Paul, by your experience, humor, wisdom and talent you and now Roy have influenced so many people for the good.  You have my prayers, thanks, and no little amount of admiration.  You have always reminded me of the America I grew up in 7 decades ago. Thank you and God bless you.
Paul & Team GDay, This is my first YouTube comment. I and my friends have thoroughly enjoyed your content. Thank you for being generous with your knowledge, time, service to the community & being a great bloke! Cheers from Australia, Nick
Welcome Roy. I trust Paul in his decision to put the work he began in your hands.   Paul, thank you for all the great times I've had hanging out with you via YouTube. That's the way it feels watching your videos-like hanging out with an old friend. We're very close to the same age, so we have a lot of the same memories of the big events that have influenced those of us born on the cusp of the Boomer/Gen X transition. The firearms fads, the conventional wisdom of the time, both that which has stood the test of time and that which hasn't. Your perspective gives context to all the new, latest, greatest things that may or may not be what they're cracked up to be. Your deadpan humor, dignity, and balance of inquisitiveness and skepticism are much admired.  Thanks
You are the best and most informative out there. I don't know anyone else who can do an info dump and make it interesting. Gonna miss you.
Man, I've learned SO much about this subject from and because of Paul- and I know it really may not matter to him directly(and nor should it as he knows nothing about me or the vast majority of us here), but I FEEL LIKE he is someone that I KNOW PERSONALLY, because I do, and so do all of you that watch on the regular. He has opened himself up to all of us, shared knowledge and expertise, personal experiences and some stories. We've come to know and trust his opinion and methods. I just would like to say THANK YOU PAUL HARRELL, you'll be dearly and sincerely missed, and though it will never be quite the same without you, sir, thank you for allowing your brother Roy to serve this community that you've built here at YT. I look forward to getting to know him too, and I am glad he's here to share your legacy by continuing to keep this channel up and going.
Paul we are all praying for your swift return to good health, thank you for all your work.
Love you, Paul. Thanks for all of the educational content. I’ve watched you for years.
Thanks Paul
I’ve never commented on any video before, but I’ve really enjoyed these for a couple years now and we’re sure going to miss you, Paul. You’re a real personality and in a world of noisy extremes your thoughtfulness is appreciated. Thanks again. All the best.
Thanks for your wonderful content. Roy good luck big shoes to fill. I know you’ll do well!!
paul your a real one
Everyone send Paul prayers if you can. Studies have shown they help, somehow.
Whoaaaa wait what happend , it's not the big C is it ......what the heck happened.  I've been watching you shoot since 2019 damn
All the best tou you paul, you are admired and loved by many in the YouTube and shooting community.  Thank you for sharing your life experiences and your skills with us all these years.   We will all miss the sound of your voice .
God bless you, Paul. Thank you for all you've taught us.
Thank you Roy, for stepping in to continue our education.  You have big shoes to fill, but it seems you have the chops to do it well.  Paul, God bless you my friend.
Thank you Paul! 🤙
I want to thank you, Paul.  I've learned a great deal from you.  Best wishes--our thoughts are with you.
Paul you're one of the greats! Thank you for all of the knowledge and laughs you've shared with us throughout the years.
#Paul The knowledge that you have given us has helped us be safe and responsible firearm owners. You have saved lives with your teaching. May God Bless you and your family!
Thank you Paul. Thank you for everything.   It's long overdue for me to revisit some of your old classic videos.   Speaking as a nurse who's worked in home health and hospice, I am really sad to hear the diagnosis. I genuinely hope you are comfortable. This is one of the worst diagnoses.   But again, thank you for sharing all your knowledge over the years!
I will definitely miss your videos Paul. This almost a decade with you was really great.  I hope you will overcome whatever difficulties you are facing. God bless!!!  And good luck to you, Roi.
Hi Paul, I've enjoyed your videos for years and learned quite a bit from your presentations.  Thanks for arranging that Roy step in for a while.  I look forward to seeing you back soon.  Best of luck with your battle.
Paul, I'm sure I speak for many of us when we say you're like a dad, mentor, and friend to so many people you've never met. You've touched a LOT of lives, and the lessons you taught us were about a lot more than meat targets and ballistics. Genuinely love ya, sir.
Fockin luv u Paul 😣
Thanks for everything you have shared with us over the years Paul. You are the type of man that I aspire to be. The amount of knowledge and wisdom you have shared is immeasurable. You created something that is far more than "just another youtube gun channel" to many, and I will continue to enjoy everything you have shared for years to come. I wish you and your family the best.
We understand and I would just like to say thank you for everything you've done for us Sir, your advise has not been wasted as I and I'm sure there's others that have listened to you.I hope the best for you.
Heckin' love ya, Paul ✌️❤️  And welcome to the party, Roy 😉
😊
I'm literally crying. Not the millennial way where literal means the exact opposite, but real tears. Not sure why. Being a Vet myself I've lost a lot of brothers. I've enjoyed what you've done, Paul. You've brought a lot to our community and I'm glad to see Roy, your brother, is picking up the reigns. Should I ever find my way out to your neck of the woods, I'll leave a penny.
Happy to be introduced to Roy.   Of course it will be different.  Not a problem.  And Paul will be remembered, fondly.
Paul, thank you for everything.
Respect to Paul Harrell, best guntuber ever.
Dear Paul, I just want to say thank you for all that great content you've got published! You are an icon among firearm instructors. I can only wish the best for you and your family.
Will Paul really ever leave us?  "You be the Judge"
as we are here for Paul we will be here for Roy
One of the greatest. Paul was the every man’s guntuber. Would always take the time to answer private messages if they were sensible!
Paul...thank you for your years of dedication and service. God bless.
I’m new and trying to catch up, but why are not going to be making videos anymore? Is it due to an injury? (I noticed the crutch)
Mr. Harrel, please continue to share your life’s wisdom. Thank you.
Much love from the UK Paul!
💪
Praying for you Paul
I don’t think I’m the only one that does this, but I think it’s important to say that Paul’s videos are my go to when anyone asks me about where to get good information on firearms and the philosophy of how to use them.   Hell of a service, cheers Paul. (And the team)
Thank you for all you've shown and told us. this terrible news is best given directly, you will always live in those you souls you've spoken to.   Thank you.
nothing but respect to Paul, thank you for the journey
Best damn gun channel on net. Clear skys and fair winds Mr Paul.
Paul, please dont go yet. We all need you. Now more than ever. The world is getting pretty bad. Thanks for all the wisdom you've gifted us.
Hey, Roy! I know it’s a heavy rug sack to carry but…we are with you. Paul, AIR ASSAULT, brother you know we love you.🇵🇷💪🏻
onya lads
Paul.  Wherever you may go. Wherever life takes you. You will always be in our hearts. Stay strong
Walking off into the sunset with a 92 on his hip after giving a full lecture on personal protection   What a legend take it easy now you deserve it
Welcome to the party, Brother Roy! You got some big shoes to fill. XD
good luck and godspeed
You're irreplaceable Paul.
i dont know what to say.
Paul man most complete ballistics investigations on the net no way !!!🎉😢 Don't go!!
Appreciate everything you do, Paul
Hello Roy hang in there Paul .
Love your channel and the story you lived... Thank you, Paul.
This hit me right in the Feels. Been watching you Paul since your "1911s don't suck" video. The bling and cow hide jacket had me laughing so damn hard and I've been a fan ever since. To Paul: if this is the last we see of you on Youtube then I just want to express a sincere Thank You for all you have done for us firearms enthusiasts. It couldn't have been easy or cheap to test theories and myths. The education related to firearms in your videos and dry sense of humor has been a god send in a platform that lacks it. I bought my first gun (a 1911) after watching many of your videos. Your content ensured I made an informed decision and has further educated me as time has gone on. Your sense of humor in your videos also had a way of lifting up my spirits during dark times. Thank you Uncle Paul for all you have done. I will keep you in my prayers and I wish you Godspeed in your fight against cancer. With hopeful hearts we await news of your health improving but if God does decide to call you home to His kingdom then may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead.
thanks for the stories and the effort Paul
Thanks Paul for all of your videos and expertize over the years; wish you well.
A legendary man, know Jesus Christ, God bless you sir
Paul, go full organic diet. Only fruits and veggies. You're a badass and you know it. We all do. Also, your intro still goes hard
It's been educational for this old vet.  Tip o' the tin lid, Paul.
Roy is God's plan.
Thank you for taking the time you already have to share your vast treasure trove of wisdom with us, and for going out of your way to try to continue blessing us with even more knowledge from another source when you're no longer able to do so directly.  Also, thank you for just being you, and being a positive role model people can look up to.  You've made a very big impact on this world in a very understated way, and it hasn't gone unnoticed.
We love you Paul
Get better, Paul!
Really hope you make it through this, Paul. Please, be strong!
Don't worry we all chasing you with our lead pipe🤯
thank you for everything Paul, the videos, the information everything.
Thank you, sir. I have learned much from you and wish you all the best.
A little health advice for you Paul, sugar and flour are the main fuels of cancer !
Thank you for all of your hard work Paul. I trust the information you present because you test it for us in your videos and you don't expect people to believe what you say without proof. I'm a lifelong shooter and former active duty Marine. I have learned more about shooting from you than I have from anyone else. I showed your channel to my son a few years ago. He's a young man now and you and your videos are frequently part of our discussions when we talk. I can't give any higher endorsement to someone than I did when I told my son that he could trust what you say about self defense and firearms education. I'm certain that you have saved lives with the information you have provided to so many of us. Thank you for being the expert that you are and thank you for sharing it with the rest of us.   Semper Fi Paul.
Thank you for all that you do and have done, Paul. It's been an honor and a privilege learning from you over the years. God bless you and your family.
A brother from another mother   nuf said
This hit right on the spot. I've been watching you for years. I have no words. No need to say.
Good luck and God Bless you Paul. Thanks for the channel and all your hard work.
Thank you Paul and we will continue to support you  Prayers with you man  Grateful and appreciated
Paul, thank you so much for the work you have done. I shall be praying for you.
"Let us all cross over that cool river and rest in the shade of that tree"
Thank you Paul for the wellspring of solid no-fluff information you have given through the years. I have so enjoyed watching your content. My mother passed from cancer a little over a year ago, and it was an intense battle. The most memorable aspect of her journey was her steadfastness, dignity, and grace with which she approached every day she had left. In these times - how you carry yourself is what will define the lasting impact on those you love! We all have to die, but your strength in the face of death will forever be a beacon of encouragement to others, regardless of what they are going through. Thank you, Paul, for sharing your light with the world.
Would be nice just to have Paul tell us anecdotes if hes up to it.
I, like others here... Am deeply saddened by what Paul is going thru. Paul is one of the few Youtubers that I wish I had met in person. He is definitely a guy I wish I knew personally. For many years I have watched and early awaited his next video, no matter the subject. The holiday specials have been a pleasure to take in and were always a huge bonus.  It's odd that we can build connections and even affection for someone we have never met. I only hope by the grace of the powers that be... Paul can pull through this.  @paulharrell Godspeed brother. If i no longer see you on this side... Hopefully I'll see you on the other.
Paul, I’ve been where you’re at but at age 31 and I’m now 69. If I can do it, you can do it. Hang in there, brother!
Hi Roy
Wishing you well..thanks for your content..I’m praying for your health
S*** f****** brother has to take over... while I suppose it's better than nothing. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👋👋
Roy, but how many years of experience do you have shooting melons with racks of pork ribs duct taped around them?
Thank you for everything Paul, we all love you!
Thank you Paul
Hi, Roy. Looking forward to it. 👍👍
Love you, ya big doofus! But more importantly Jesus loves you more. Thanks for keeping me company on Thanksgiving!
Thank you, sir, for your insight on many important topics! God bless 😊
Hello Roy. Welcome. And, all the best Paul. Kick it's ass.
Paul I am so sorry to hear about your cancer and I will always consider you an expert and legend.
is that walking towards, or away from where the sun would set?
Paul, I've seen so many comments regarding people's appreciation of your knowledge, insight, and humor.  I've seen comments about how your content has helped people get through times when they were struggling.  I've seen comments, current and years past, about how your attitude and demeanor are inspirational.  The list goes on, ad astra.  There are many, many comments that you will be sorely missed, posted across various platforms.  While I want to echo all of these sentiments, and express, in the most sincere manner possible, my deepest appreciation and gratitude for everything you've provided to the world, it certainly wouldn’t be unique.  So, to give you something to read that might be a bit different... did you know that, relative to its size, the barnacle has the largest penis of any animal?  Just a bit of trivia.  Not useful, but possibly interesting.  And, in response to your closing line on almost every video, you're welcome.
I appreciate all of your videos. You’re a hell of a guy. Thank you very much for all of the hard work over the years.
Paul, thank you so much for your wisdom, great humor, and for bringing such a likable personality to the community. We all love you and barely know you, so I hope you feel the love of your family and friends at this time, I am sure there is much of it for you. I admire the man you are very much and will miss seeing you on YouTube, granted I'll for sure still watch your videos and share them with others long after your time. Wishing you at the least many moments of peace, comfort, and reflection as you carry on. May God bless you and your family, Paul.
Won't claim I'm your biggest fan. But I never watched a video I didn't like. And you always seemed like a good "straight shooter"if you will. There will be a hole in the 2a community. Take care and let's see what your brother does.
Gods plan for saving man: hear the gospel, Romans 10:17. Believe the gospel, John 3:16. Repent of ones sins, Acts 2:38. Confess faith in Christ publicly, Matthew 10:32-33, Acts 8:37, Romans 10:9-10.  Be baptized for the forgiveness of your sins, Acts 2:38, Acts 22:16, Acts 8:38, Acts 10:47-48, 1Peter 3:20-21. Live faithfull to God, Revelation 2:10.
GOD bless you Paul and welcome Roy.
Paul, thank you so very much for the hours and hours of informative entertainment.  Hope you beat this thing and come back stronger than ever! Godspeed!
I've enjoyed watching your videos Paul and looking forward to your brother Roy carrying the baton!
Wish you all the best Mr. Harrell.  Always enjoyed your videos.
Paul. Thank you for teaching me so much. Praying for you. May you have peace in Christ.
What is wrong with Paul
Your content is amazing, Paul. I'm still in disbelief  you've been struck by this illness. I pray that God heals you, and I hope you come to trust in Christ for your salvation if you have not already. Best regards
Paul, thank you for sharing your expert knowledge to keep us safe and informed. Know how much you are appreciated! God bless you and Roy more.
Damn this bummed me out to watch this. I haven't been on YT for a min, this is tough reading the comments and getting updated.
Thank you Paul!
You are the greatest Paul! Thank you for everything !
Is there a way to buy all your content and have it on dvd or something?
Even if someday you are gone, Paul, you will never be forgotten.
Give you some love from France and globally from Europe.  We don't have conceal nor open carry in my country, and self defense in house with a gun will most likely put someone in prison for long, but your channel is still very interesting even without the right to bear arms.
Paul, I just want to say that I appreciate all the videos you've made and the wisdom you've imparted on us all.
not gonna be the same without you
I have learned a lot throughout all of your experiments.   Thank you.
sorry roy but you ain't no paul....yet
Paul told us once that he recommends people go rabbit hunting with their self defense firearms in order to hone their skills. Very simple advice, but it blew my mind. I went "hunting" for the first time, and started keeping the rabbit population down around my house using my ccw. I've never made so much improvement in such a short time as I did then. That's only one example of how he helped me learn to handle firearms in a safer and more effective way. I'll genuinely never forget him, nor would I want to. I'm 29 now, turning 30, but I started watching him in my early 20's. He's been a pretty significant influence in my adult years so far. God bless you, Mr. Harrell. I wish you didn't have to go. Life is a tragedy.
You’re the reason I’ve gotten more interested in the beretta 92fs as you said if you were only allowed one gun, that would be it.  Peace be with you.
What a fucking man. Paul Harrell you are an inspiration. I wish I could be half the man you are. Thank you for everything you contributed and taught us on. We will see each other when we see each other. Godpseed
Paul, I've gone on binge-watching sessions of your videos multiple times before. Recently that started again with me acquiring my first handgun, a Beretta 92X, I probably watched your video on shooting the M9/92FS 3 or 4 times, giving it a refresher before hitting the range. "Sha-boom", "slack, squeeze" it certainly helped. Dramatic improvement right away. Thank you for all of the knowledge and the entertaining presentations. I hope this isn't the final message we see from you. I don't pray often, but I'll be praying for you. God speed, take care, you will not be forgotten.
i wish you and your family the best 🙏🏻
Enjoy life Paul, you taught us all well, stay safe and vigilant, you will forever be in our hearts.
All of us are wishing Roy a warm welcome, but I’d like to redirect his final words of the video to you: “Hang in there” The fight isn’t over yet, all of us are rooting for your victory and hoping for the best, so hang in there Paul, we need you!
Thank you paul, we all wish you the absolute best of luck
Thanks Paul. ❤ Hi Roy.
Oh no....Paul if you have not accepted Jesus christ as lord and savior please do so now
Don't give up hope. Miracles can and do happen sometimes.
Hey Paul! We’re all praying for you! #2A
Paul I know you have your reading cut out for you with these comments, but thanks for the content. You have made a positive impression on those who follow your content and a positive contribution to the collective content of this website. Don't worry about the channel, it will be just fine with Roy at the controls.
Dear Paul, I am devastated. I have missed your channel updates and that you are fighting cancer. For me you are one of the very few persons on YouTube who are humble, professional, unexcited, fact-based and someone to really look up to. Thank you for reminding us of these values in times of distraction, social media and crazy news. I still hope for the best for you and wish you that you will somehow recover. All the best, Paul. Let us hope for the best and greetings from Germany. Martin
I wish you well and am grateful for the education and motivation your videos have provided. I have watched some of my peers go down an arguably less responsible path to gun owning and I feel like you've had at least some influence in me taking my training much more serious. Thanks paul!
This made me sad. I’ll be honest. I’m not sure I’m going to watch the channel anymore. It is what it is. I may watch I may not. I’m not good with goodbyes.
3 of my favourite YouTubers gone, shit
Thank you Mr. Harrell for all your amazing content. You're one of the good ones.   Sorry to hear your time is short.    I've loved your content for years and often referred back to it as many do.    I would also like offer a warm welcome to your brother Roy and thank you for taking the reins.
You will be missed thanks for all you have contributed. I've searched your videos every time I opened YouTube just in case I missed the notification  Since I stumbled on to your channel.
It ain't over till it's over. Paul still has a chance. A miracle could still happen.
Thank you Paul for bestowing us with your knowledge over the years. You will be dearly missed.
I will get up and leave like Paul just did
Feel bad.
Thank you Paul, for creating the best firearm channel on Youtube. You will be missed.
fenbendazole it’s what big pharma doesn’t want you to know about
Paul, I love all that you have taught us in all of your videos. People for years will be seeing you for future generations. God bless you and our thoughts and prayers are with you! Roy, welcome aboard! You have a great guide into this channel with your brother!
Thank you for all the valuable hints and tipps and most of all for your ever present humor! All the best and keep on fighting Paul! Best wishes from Austria!
Best wishes, Paul. Thank you for all the great, well thought-out advice & content over the years, and hope you stop by from time to time to let us know how you're doing!
Thanks for everything, Paul.
Paul, I would urge you to put your faith and trust in Jesus Christ, while you still have time sir. Repent and believe. Cry out to the Lord, ask him for forgiveness, and make Him the Lord of your life. You’ll be with him for all eternity in heaven with your creator. The alternative is eternal punishment in hell and I love you enough to tell you that I don’t want that to happen to you sir. Please heed these words as I know that your time is short on this earth. There is forgiveness and redemption for all who are in Christ. God bless you. John 14:6
Nobody does it better, Paul. Your base of knowledge and delivery of that knowledge is unparalleled and an important service. Thank you and God bless.
Welcome Roy.
😢aw man
Thank you sir for all you have done.  Good luck with your health.
Thank you for sharing your precious time with us Mr Harrell. I hope this won't be the last we see of you.
Thank you, Paul, for all that you've done for your viewers! Allspeed, Paul. In all things, may God bless you and keep you. -ELT
Will do Roy Paul take care of yourself
❤❤ & ☮️ ☮️
You don't need to hear from me.  You have your own thing to deal with but I feel the need to say thank you.  Thank you. And Roy you have one hell of a brother!
Good luck Paul God Bless.
Paul, "it ant' over till the fat lady sings"! That said, I want to thank you for the volumes of information you have created on this channel, and wish Roy the best of luck filling some BIG shoes. Godspeed brother.
It is a rarity to comment on anything on YouTube, but I will say it was heartbreaking to come back from holiday vacation to find your video; we all know what it means.  My heart breaks for Roy, knowing what his brother is going through, and mustering the composure to smile for the camera and attempt to fill his brother's shoes.  May God grant you peace, if not recovery, and allow you to enjoy your days.  As said by a few others, you are my favorite "GunTuber" - by a country mile.
Hello Roy.  If Paul is introducing you I know that he shares your point of view, and believe you have much to offer.   I seriously doubt Paul would just hand this off to anyone, and I look forward to any information you have to share.  Side note: Paul…it’s never  too late, never too early, but usually right on time.   Life’s mistakes, humor and tragedies are a combination of a life well lived.    I wish you the best in your journeys, no matter where they may take you.
welcome Roy
Thank you, Paul.
Your channel has been my go to for real world gun advice. You are the man. I will pray for the best and will continue to support your channel and what your team does.    Thank you Paul
Thank you Paul, so much  Welcome Roy.
Paul, thanks so much for all you have done for our country and our shooters.  May God bless you. Welcome, Roy.  Looking forward to seeing and hearing more.
We love you, Paul! I've learned so much from watching your videos. You're the best guntuber there is!
Thank you for everything, Paul. You will be revered forever.
I will always and forever appreciate everything you have done. Your knowledge and teachings will be with me for life and i will always be grateful for having the opportunity to learn from you.  Thank you Paul.
Mr. Harrell,  I am aware that you have received literally thousands of comments and well-wishes from those who have enjoyed your content over the years.  I myself have looked forward to your videos, and the one time I commented, you were kind enough to personally respond.  Today, as I write this, I am hopeful that you again will read my comment and respond.   I am a Christian, a real one, who repented from my sin and confessed Christ as my Savior on November 26th, 1994.   I grew up "religious" attending church frequently, and was in fact a youth minister in my church as an older teenager.  However, I was a complete hypocrite,  living a licentious life, committing the very sins that I condemned publicly from a platform.  You see, that is all I was, "religious".   I believed the lie that my entrance into Eternal Life was based upon my merit and following a set of standards.   I knew privately though that I was a sinner destined for Hell, but always thought that one day I would "straighten up."   For many years I lived a life of complete wickedness and debauchery, hopeful (but not confident) that I had enough "religion" to get me into Heaven.  It was on the aforementioned date that the grace and love of the Lord Jesus became real to me.  I was in a very low place, deservedly so because of all the bad decisions I had made.  Now, I knew the Bible, I had just never made any personal application, trusting instead on morality and good works to secure my place in Heaven.  That is the very essence of "religion", that we deserve or earn everlasting life based upon performing a set of good acts.  However, I knew in my heart that I could never be good enough, and even if I cleaned myself up somehow, what about all of my past wickedness?  As I pondered these thoughts, the Bible became real to me, as for the first time as I understood this:  Rom 5:8 KJV - 8 But God (proved) his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.  Jesus did not die for me because I am deserving, He did it simply out a of passion to have me live with Him in His house for eternity!   No doubt, you sir are a better person than myself, but the Lord has exacting qualifications as to who is worthy to come into His house.  The Lord is Holy, and will not allow a fraction of a percentage of sin into Heaven, as it would defile Him to do so.   A solution was necessary, as none of us could hope to attain to the perfect standard set by Jesus, the Son of God.   That solution was for Christ to come and die in our place, taking the punishment for our transgressions.   It is a true historical fact that Christ died on the Cross for our sins, and that three days later He rose again.  Because the penalty for sin has been paid for by the precious, divine blood of Jesus, we too can have hope of eternal life.   The payment for all the sins of mankind has been made, all we need do is believe and accept it.  We can add nothing to it by our own puny efforts, as Christ paid it all when He cried out "It is Finished!".   I was, and still am, a big failure in many aspects of my life.   The good news is that my sins have been forgiven, washed clean by the Blood of Jesus!  1Jo 1:7-9 KJV - 7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin. 8 If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. 9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us [our] sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.  I know you desired not to have this kind of commentary or concern as you courageously face you future.   Normally, I would respect those wishes, but felt compelled by the love of Christ in my heart to share with you this message of hope.   It is very likely, Mr. Harrell that your earthly existence will soon come to an end, as it will for all us.   I am roughly the same age as you, and I am certain of my eternal destiny, and what awaits me after physical death.   Jesus says to all who will believe on His name:  Jhn 11:25-26 KJV - 25 ...I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: 26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die...   I repented of my sins and received Christ Jesus as Savior on the date mentioned, November 26th, 1994.  I now have the privilege of preaching the Gospel and am the pastor of a small congregation.  These are not the words of a pastor nor professional clergyman, but as a Christian with Jesus in my heart, who has a real concern for your soul.   I will be praying or you and your family, God Bless!
No sir.  We're all looking forward to the day you get back to normal AFTER YOU'VE BEATEN IT.   Get well, Paul, and that's an order.
wow so many longtime youtubers steeping down or passing the torch
We all love you and are grateful to you, your brother and your crew for all the wisdom and fun you have shared with us.
Thank you Mr. Paul.
Paul..i think you are a true badass and thank you for all that you have shared . Godspeed.
This is a video I didn’t want to see.  Paul is and has been my favorite YouTuber for years.  I haven’t see one of Paul’s updates but got concerned  The broken hip, truly depressed me.  Hello Roy. God Bless you Paul.
We are definitely going to miss you Paul! I sure will. Thanks for all the advice and straight forward content. Welcome Roy!
Hello Paul, I just wanted to say thank you for your insight, your jokes, and your time. Your perspective means a lot.
Thanks for the years of videos!
Welcome Roy
Learned a lot, always have enjoyed your lessons and humor, looking forward to see what comes next. Thank you.
Godspeed, Paul. Thank you for years of excellent content.
I feel extremely conflicted on whether or not I  'like' this video, for the purposes of youtube.  Paul Harrell sir, your content has been very much valued by myself and my fiance, we both really appreciate your analysis and your sense of humour. Thank you for all of it.  And hello to Roy. Big shoes to fill on this channel, but I'm sure you'll do great.
Paul, I'll miss you. You're the best.
🙏🏼 ❤️🔫 Paul, I’m going through some heavy duty health problems at 52 years old prostate cancer is killing me. I’m doing chemotherapy and I haven’t been able to shoot my guns or play my guitars but I wish you nothing but the best in your struggle because you’re a good man And God loves us. No matter what everything will be OK ..
Paul - you have always provided great content.  Thanks for all that you have done.  Looking forward to continuing with your brother.
Paul, I've learned a lot from you, and will miss the opportunity of learning more.  Roy, my condolences to you, Paul's extended family , and the crew and their families.  Thank you for planning to continue Paul's legacy of teaching.  I would like to make a small donation to PC research in honor of Paul.  There appears to be five major national level  organizations in this field.  is there one the family supports in particular?
Try and enjoy what you got left in the tank and have fun first. You worked hard for a long time
Thanks Paul for all of your info and knowledge.  I like your approach and the info is spot on. All of us funnies will miss your input
I could cry
God bless you Paul. Thanks for all the spectacular videos.
Godspeed paul
Paul, you are an absolute boss from beginning to end. The epitome of a good man
Looking forward to hearing your content Roy!
Paul, if I did my math right then the statistical chances that you’ll be around for a while longer than perhaps expected are still significantly higher than they were at the time of your very first YouTube video that you once would reach 800k+ subscribers - but you did. If we humans would be so easy predictable by scientific experience only, well I guess then the Judge would probably be a rare collector's item by now.
Dear Paul,   Looking forward to meeting you on the big shooting range in the sky after a long Shatner-esque............................................ pause.
God bless you, Paul.
Praying for you Paul.
I have the utmost appreciation and gratitude for you.Welcome to you're brother Roy. I hope you will still come along for the ride Paul. You are the legend brother.😔😔😪😪
Paul, thank you for all the content you've provided us over the years. Wishing you the best.
we love you paul. happy trails
Godspeed Paul. I owe a great deal of my firearms knowledge to your content
Godspeed
God bless you Paul and thanks for the videos  My dad and I have spent a lot of time around the reloading bench listening to your presentations
Roy is not Paul, don't see this as interesting, informative... yes, Interesting... NO.
So sorry to hear Mr. Harrell. Thank you for all the valuable info (and entertainment).
Paul, you're a good man and have been a very inspirational part of the shooting scene for a very long time now. I wish you all the best!  Welcome Roy!
Paul, I am extremely grateful for all the time and effort you've put into informing/educating us over the years.  I'm not alone.  I/we wish all the best for you as you continue your journey.
Paul, you wouldn't be you unless you kept things all business right til the end. You shared a big piece of yourself to all of us for many years and in return you will leave with a small piece of millions of your fans. But it won't be an even trade. We wish we could have been able to do more to help you in return.  You will be celebrated for decades to come.
Thanks Paul. I have watched many of your videos over the years and learned a lot. I wish you the best. I look forward to watching Roy.
I remember coming home from parties in college at 2-3 am and falling sleep drunk to your videos some weekends haha. Always been a great role model in the 2A community. Your presentations and ways of explaining things will live on through many lives you’ve touched. You will not be forgotten. You made a permanent mark. Thank you Paul.
I'm pulling for you Paul!  I have a feeling you'll be back crunching numbers and wasting perfectly good bbq meat.
Thank you, Paul. Thank you for all the wonderful knowledge you've shared. You'll be in our prayers. God Bless you and your family.
I didn’t think I was emotionally invested with anyone I viewed on any screen in all 54 years of my life… until now. God speed, man. You are a legend.
🤔😭🤨😢❤
Love you Paul. Your Bravery in the face of Mortality will stick with me for the rest of my life and I believe I will draw some of your strength into myself when I am also at that point in my journey.  Thank you good sir.
What ever the reason for your departure, thank you for all the enjoyment and information
Paul, you have been informative and sarcastic and you will be missed.
I love you Paul and youll be greatly missed. Ill be keeping you and your family in my thoughts and prayers.
Wishing you a speedy recovery paul
Wishing you a speedy recovery paul
We have never met, Paul, but through watching your content i feel like i've gotten to know you personally.  Thank you for everything you've done and continue to do for the hunting and shooting community.  And hello, Roy!  Look forward to the content you will continue to put out.
Worst timeline.
Welcome Roy.
Thanks for everything Paul. You educated so many here and without your lessons I personally would be another idiot who gets his information from Taticool channels. I learned shooting skills, survival skills, sarcasm, and genuine information that can save my life here. And for that I’m grateful to you Paul. I genuinely appreciate all you have done for us. Thank you. And I welcome Roy.
God Bless you Paul, thank you for everything. Praying for you and your family.
🙏
I pray God to comfort and heal you.
Hello - Paul Harrell - Sir, I enjoyed your videos. I watch your videos not because I need to learn how to handle pistols and rifles - I've been in the business too long for that (45 years) - but for entertainment on long nights. At first I thought “I” couldn’t learn anything from this, but I’ve learned something here and there that I didn’t know or pay attention to before. I hope your brother can continue the uniqueness of this video channel. There are really enough meaningless blah..blah channels, and there are really enough computer warriors on YouTube etc. The day will come when 38+P or 45acp will no longer be enough. Then other things are important. I pray for you and your family for the strength you need to overcome such a blow.
Thank you Paul, good luck
Damn! Honestly i was just talking to my dad about your channel, what a change of events... Thanks for keeping us entertained all those years Paul, take it easy. 🗿
Least favorite Paul Harrell video ever
Wishing paul well
Thank you for the badass content over the years, Paul. It was awesome and fun.
I've been watching you since i was about 16, I am now 25 and I'm so happy to have shared this journey with you all these years, I'm heartbroken about your diagnosis and i still wish you the best regardless of the outcome, Get as many of your stories out there as you can in the time you have. You've been with me through some of the worst times of my life where i had nothing and i just want you to know Paul, that you are loved by all, not just the gun community but as one of the few decent men of integrity on this platform. I will never forget you no matter how much time passes or what happens and I'm sure many here share the same sentiment. Sending all my love and best of luck. You've done alot for us throughout the years, more than words could ever express and i just want to say ill be eternally grateful to have watched and learned from you for years. If i ever have children and they show an interest in firearms, this will be the first channel i show them. Godspeed.
Welcome Roy
Introducing, the UNSUBSCRIBE BUTTON
Thank you Paul for being a wonderful teacher. I've learned things from you that I intend to pass down to my own children.
Man. This hurts...Im so sorry Paul.
We love you Paul.
Roy it will be great seeing your takes and learning from you as we have from Paul.   Roy, give your brother Paul hugs and love from all of us channel subscribers.
Paul you have always been one of if not the best gun YouTuber. The value of the information you've provided to all of us cannot be measured. Whatever may come next just know you've touched more lives than most do and you've left a positive impact behind. I thank you for all your helpful information and humorous/useful anecdotes and stories. You and your videos will not be forgotten. I hope you find peace within yourself.
Thanks, I’ve learned a lot, & learned to consider a lot from you
Thank you Mr. Harrell for your channel and content.
Paul, I am probably on the younger side of your audience, but I admire the time you have taken throughout the years to educate people in the many topics you have covered (going far beyond just gun-related topics), lacking any agenda except to share the knowledge you have gained. I particularly appreciate the way you have addressed nuance, understanding that there is often a range of equally valid lines of thinking, and your added caveats that dissuade people from thinking in absolutes while painting a more full picture of a particular concept. These are qualities that are sorely lacking these days, blind to a particular disposition. I don't say this to aggrandize you in any particular way other than to say that your values have greatly influenced me personally, and that you have become a role model for me. Thank you, Paul.
Goodspeed Paul, we don't deserve you.
Damn! No words, welcome Roy, wish you the best
Hi Roy. Thanks for all the good entertainment Paul.
Mr Harrell sir I'd just like to thankyou for everything you've done to share your knowledge and experience over the years. You are without doubt one of the best, most knowledgable and most experienced firearms instructors I have ever watched and you've always remained humble with it. You're a good man, sir, and I've learned a lot from watching you over the years. I wish you all the best.
Welcome aboard Roy !!  Tip of the hat to you sir !!
Thank you for sharing your vast amount of knowledge with us over the years. You've been a pillar of the firearms community. Your holiday specials were wonderful, giving people without, or unbearable family not only an escape, but an entertaining, informative way to spend some time. It's unfortunate that bad things happen to good people, but such is life. Selfish as it may be, I know there's plenty of other things that are more important than making Youtube videos - which I might add, I was able to download every video on the channel, if I were able to make one request, it would be a final FAQ presentation. Thanks again, Paul. You will be missed.
Sometimes life sucks and then it ends. My brother in law passed recently in his sleep. I call that a win. His health had been failing so I don't guess anyone was shocked. May God bless each and everyone.
Paul, Ive been watching you for years. You have passed so much on to me. The sound of your voice soothes me. I wish I could do something to make you feel better. I will keep you in my prayers. Thank you for being you.
Thank you Paul. I love you. And I thank you. I will always support you and yours. And I wish you all the best.
Damn... i hope you make it through this Paul.
Thank you Paul.
God bless and thanks!
I wish you only the best in the next one, Paul
I'll miss you, Paul.
Thank you for all your wealth of knowledge, detail and breath of fresh air from all the other typical firearm content. I have learned so much from your channel about ballistics, etc and have enjoyed every schatner-esque pause and long winded anecdote. Your personality and informative, serious yet charming nature will never be forgotten, and i will be sure to tune in to Roy's take on the channel. Thank you so much Paul, for all your attention and teaching all these years, and i wish you the absolute best. I will be thinking of you when i first get my revolver at 21 and take those first shots at the range. They will be for you.
God bless you Paul, you've been amazing. Praying you'll stay with us, but if the big man calls I hope to see you around.
I wonder if Paul has tired Rick Simpson oil?
Wishing you well Paul. Sorry you're forced to step aside. Hopefully you can do some cameos here and there. And a big thank you Roy and crew for picking up the banner to carry on the spirit of this channel. Wishing you all the best.
As an early subscriber who has been watching your videos for years, I wanted to thank you Paul. I just recently acquired my first firearms and the years of watching your videos have helped me be a responsible and knowledgeable gun owner. Thank you for everything you do and have done.
Thank you
Paul, best of wishes to you and yours.  I’ve shared many fond hours watching the channel with my loved ones. Thank you for the passion, duty, and laughter throughout the years. Tremendous respect - take care.
Good luck, both of you.
I stand in admiration of your unflinching dignity.  You are living the life of a non-frivolous person.  Thank you for the seriousness with which you treat everything.  This channel and Ian's channel are the only gun related channels I take seriously.  I will support Roy in your honor.
Thank you Paul for sharing your life and knowledge with us over the years,,,  I hope to meet you in the future!!
Thanks for all your hard work Paul. You will leave a great amount of knowledge behind.
Paul thank you so much for what you've done, your videos have been instrumental in my career and hobby.  Truly, thank you, and god bless you.
Thanks for all the knowledge
Paul :(
I'm really holding back tears, Paul. I want you to know that you are in my prayers and thoughts. For so long, you have brought me much joy and knowledge in a way NO other GunTuber has. I wish you had a PO box so that we could send you handwritten cards. It feels so impersonal to write you this on YT but i want to let you know that you have forever changed my life and given me knowledge in a fun and relatable way. My wife, young child, and I will forever be grateful for the lessons and expertise you have taught me as a older teenager until now and God willing, the future. Remember that  thousands care for your well-being tremendously, never give up, you are stronger than most if not all on this platform. Your legacy is forever, and I thank you from the deepest part of my soul for being informative, authentic, and as down to Earth you are. The world is going to be less amazing with you not on here doing videos. 😢
Hi Mr. Harrell, I just want to say thank you for your service and for sharing your knowledge/experiences with us. I first found your channel when the pandemic hit in 2020. I haven’t shot a gun since I left the military at the time so I went out and got me a .38 S&W and started honing that skill again, hope to get a conceal carry permit soon, your comments on situational awareness are very insightful, whatever the outcome of your condition I wish you and your family the best and welcome Roy, God bless you
Hey Paul, just wanted to say that I have recently started to train my friends and family how to shoot. I always share your videos with them as guides and as a "I am not an expert, but this guy is. Listen to what he says". They always enjoy the videos and ask for more.  Your videos also helped to encourage me to move back out west and spend more time outdoors. You have, and will continue, to have a large impact on my life and those that are close to me. Thank you for everything you have done.
No words.  My words have failed me.  All the adoration in these comments eclipses anything I could say, so I'll just say this: what they said.  All of it.
God bless you, Paul!  Thanks most of all for your military service and for your service to the gun community by putting out the most practical and useful firearms advice ANYWHERE online!
Watched you for years and years, was currently rewatching all the videos from your channel, I have to be honest this hurts me deeply. You are a very stoic man at least for the camera, I always appreciated that. I dont know if you are a religious man but I am praying for you.
Thank you Paul.
Buddy i think i speak for everyone when I say that we don't care if your videos aren't "dynamic". I for one could sit for hours and just listen to you talk and tell stories and I'm sure more than many would agree! My heart goes out to you and i wish you nothing but the best!
All I can say is 'Thank you, sir! You have been an incredible mentor.' Not only you've shaped my point of view on the way a responsible gun owner should behave, but also on the way a responsible teacher should behave. The day I've found your Youtube channel was a lucky one for me.
Thank you for all the great videos Paul. Respect sir!
Thank you, Paul. You truly did good work and delivered your lessons in your thorough, concise, measured and stoic style that I've always admired. We are lucky to have learned from you. God bless.
Paul,  we love you
This is Paul's biggest battle and he is facing it with grace and courage. He is the ultimate teacher  for firearms and in this case  a role model in how to be  a man. God speed and we hope for a miracle.
Thank you for all you have done for the community you have created! I couldn't imaging going through that! You are a beacon on this platform. Prayers. 🙏
Paul - The education and practical advice you’ve given over the years will carry on for generations. I wish I could come up with something originally witty, but, as I can’t, I’ll simply say thank you.   Roy - Looking forward to your insights and learning from you.
We love you and are going to miss you Paul. Please enjoy every moment you have remaining. Thank you for being such a sweet, awesome, informative, incredible person, for making us laugh and teaching us so much along the way. Cheers brother
Thank you for everything Paul. Just goes to show that time doesn’t stop even for the best of us. You left a large impression on me over the years and I’m forever grateful for the lessons you’ve taught. I just wish you the best of luck through this.
Thank you for working so hard to provide an legitimately expert informed body of firearms knowledge. All the best and we'll see you when we do.
We love you Paul
Long time view, first time caller.  I greatly enjoy your content.  When I recommend your channel to others I call you the Bob Ross/Neil Degras Tyson of firearms.
Legends never die, we love you paul
Paul, I doubt you will read this but I sincerely hope this is not the end. If it does, we will miss you very much. Thank you for all the effort and work you put into these videos over the years brother.
Paul we are all thinking about you and will continue to. You have been great to all of us and we appreciate everything you've ever shared with us.
Harrel & Harrel: Defense Attorneys     (Sorry if you don't get the joke)
Thank you for everything, Paul. I am absolutely grateful to have watched your videos. I grew up watching them. Godspeed, sir.
When you meet Jesus, He will tell you what He told Peter.  Thank you my good and faithful servant, enter into the Kingdom of God.  This is the home of all the sheepdogs like you who have dedicated your life to the preservation of the lives of others.  You have and do stand on the wall of freedom and things that are right, I wish that, as a sinner of incredible things,that in Gods mercy we might meet in Heaven.. I love your content and haved many questions but that may be silly if we are wandering around looking for the indoor range in the hearafter.  Go with Godm BE with Him.  Nothing else matters.
You’re the man Paul
Many thanks for your abundant wit, wisdom, and practical advice. I've thoroughly enjoyed listening to you explain the things that work for you and their well thought out justifications, be they concrete examples or entertaining hypotheticals. You're nothing short of what we'd call a professional.
Mr. Harrell, in my opinion you are and always will be objectively the best gun YouTuber, maybe even YouTuber in general. You never gave into the ad/sponsor nonsense, you supply objective data and never forget the caveats, and by god you’re fun to watch. I have always had the suspicion you’ve forgotten twice as much about firearms, camping, and survival than I’ve ever learned. Whether you are able to continue the videos or not, I wish you the absolute best. Thank you so much for your time and knowledge. Your positive impact is so much larger than you could ever imagine.
We love ya, Paul.
Thank you for all the lessons you taught me, as a young shooter with no guidance, and for the great entertainment along the way.
Paul, I've learned more from you than everyone else here, in this genre, combined. Much......MUCH respect to you, Sir. Nice to meet you, Roy.
Paul Harrell is, officially, the man.
I can think of no greater compliment then to tell you that it’ll be your videos I refer to to help teach my children. Thanks Paul. Godspeed.
Hey Paul, it's all too often that content creators for firearm topics are swept up in corporate sponsorship, shilling, politics and other nonsense. You steered clear of all of that and provide excellent and informative (and entertaining) presentations. Truly a class act. I rarely subscribe to channels or leave comments; but you are the exception to both.  Thank you for everything.
Don't go Paul. F cancer.
Hello Roy
Appreciate everything you have done, Paul.
Paul, I don't always watch your videos, but when I do, they are great.  I just watched the channel update from 5 months ago, and want to thank you for all you've done.  Keep being you, and hope the trolls entertain more than aggravate and elicit more activity for your channel.  Welcome Roy.  Prayers to you both and your family.
Paul. I don't know if I'll be able to say what I want to say. And after all, I'm just some random guy on the internet.   Paul. Thank you for everything. You are a legend in the hearts and minds of many. We will never forget you. Your depth of knowledge, sense of humor, skill with shooting, and just all-around personality. God Bless you, Paul.
God's blessings my friend.
Thanks for everything Paul, been with you for 6 years. Take some time off for yourself🫡🥺
Thanks for all you do Paul.  You’re a patriot and a gentleman.
Even sitting in your living room you'd be able to dispense valuable wisdom. But time is the greatest currency, and you've given us more than we could ever deserve. Your words have been powerful over the years, and they'll never be forgotten.
Thank you Paul, you've been an amazing man and an amazing teacher. Thank you for your example and for your Thanksgiving and Christmas specials. You've been a good example to me and using your advice I have been a better man and taught my wife to shoot safely. Two invaluable things.   Godspeed.
Thank you, Paul. For everything.
Your legend is assured
God bless you Paul, and thank you for your service to all of us for the content you’ve provided. You’ve always been and always will be a treasure to us all. Thank you, and Godspeed.
I'm pressing a huge F. I mean this in the most honest way, Paul. You have been the most down to earth, honest guntuber. Til Valhalla.
Nice to meet you Roy
Thank you Paul and fare well
Uncle Paul what happened sir ?why are you stepping dwn? If you dont mind me askin?Are you sick or something? have you come dwn with the Covid or what? I Love you and yer content and I am concerned  for your well being please elaborate..Thnks in advance ! we love you Brother!
Love y’all
Love ya.
Paul thank you so much for everything you’ve done for the 2A community. 🤘🏼
God bless you Paul you are a great man that I admire greatly!
God bless you Paul. Nice to meet you Roy. Looking forward to your videos
Paul you been my favorite guntuber since I first seen your videos. Alot of great info for all of us to divulge in and better ourselves. Thank you Paul for every bit of work you put in for all of us.
There's too much to say for a YouTube comment, so I shall simply say this: Thank you sir, and God bless.
I am a former NYPD Special Weapons Instructor, and I just want to thank you for sharing your knowledge and experience through this channel. It is always a pleasure to listen to someone who knows their stuff.  Good luck with your treatments, you have a long journey ahead of you, and I am looking forward to your return.  Godspeed.
Fair winds and following seas, Paul. Thank you for sharing with the class.
Thank you for teaching me so much of what I know about guns and gun safety. I hope that you have a speedy recovery. ❤
Paul, thank you for all of the great content that you have presented over the years. May God bless you and help you through your fight with cancer.
I found your channel around 2020. Same as probably a large portion of people. I can't thank you enough for sharing your wisdom and educating newbies like me in an entertaining way but still with the gravity exercising our 2-a rights requires. It sucks to have such a pillar of the online space go, but we'll follow your example and grin and bear it. Thank you.  And to you, Roy. Welcome aboard or welcome back. Like i said, I'm new and am not sure if you were present before. Here's hoping you'll  leave your own mark on the good people in this space, new and old.
Paul Harrell, you are the man. I've said that before to others without it meaning anything, but you really are. Keep up the good fight, and also- you are the man. Seriously.
Thanks for making such excellent content for this long mate, we all wish you the best.
So uh... thanks for everything. Lessons, laughs. I learned so much, even bought a fire extinguisher.  Goodbye.
Paul, thanks for making such outstanding content for so long.  You've educated me a great deal.  Wishing you the best in difficult time, and welcoming Roy to the channel.
Thank you, Paul  Thank you. For creating an incredibly detailed and simultaneously entertaining breakdown of the 1986 Miami-Dade shootout.  Thank you. For making my dad and I laugh when you told ‘Joe’ to take cover because you and your troupe were being shot at by some locals off in the distance while rabbit hunting, and depicting his following reaction in an undramatized fashion.  Thank you. For explaining the viability and tactics of using trees and/or household items/vehicles as cover for incoming fire.  Thank you. For showing me your top firearm picks for home defense, wilderness survival, and, ‘TEoTWaWKI’ situations.  Thank you. For supplying a plethora of ammunition/caliber reviews, where you went in-depth on the rounds capability, viability, availability, and broke it down further concerning the specific manufacturer’s loadings you had on hand for review.  Thank you. For showing me a frankly mesmerizing way to manipulate the pump on a pump-action shotgun for maximum efficiency. I’ve got it down now to the point where I don’t cause short-stroke malfunctions every second shell.  Thank you. For creating Thanksgiving and Christmas specials. Every special had a great atmosphere to it, and I always looked forward to watching it.  Thank you. For creating content that always made me want to get involved. Whether it be cleaning my rifles and pistols while you showed the correct way to detail-clean an AR15, or dry-firing my revolver while you explained the technique to make accurate double-action shots.  Thank you. For creating content that made me feel involved. Thank you for creating informative videos that helped me make smart firearm-related decisions.  Thank you. For giving my ex partner and I something that I used to help her get into the hobby with. Thank you for creating content that made my empty, lonesome apartment not so empty. Thank you, for creating content that paired perfectly with a steak and veggie meal.  Thank you, for making videos that made crying myself to sleep on the couch as the life it took years to build all on my own came crumbling down around me, and during a time when little could make me enthused about anything.  I have learned things from your content that I intend to pass down to my future children, and show them how awesome it is to observe a master of dry humor and storytelling at work.  Thank you.
Hey Paul, I'm not sure if you will see this with you moving away from the channel, but I hope it does reach you and I really hope this doesn't come off as creepy, I more just wanted to show you the impact you have had on my own and quite likely many others lives. I discovered your channel when I was about 12, my first every video watching of yours was the presentation on shotguns for home defense. It was around the time as well that I really became interested in firearms, and over the years of you posting videos, I gained a massive amount of information based on your videos and input as well as from others such as Massad Ayoob, and I really do want to say, thank you for your time Paul, everything from your knowledge imparting to your life "advice" that is totally not a recommendation, it has been a piece of me since then and has been one of many parts that has made me into who I am today. And while this might sound odd to hear someone grew up and was influenced by a person he had never met, I more wanted to make it known that that is the influence you have as a person, you reached through screens and influenced many lives with your knowledge and care for you craft. Hell, in less than a month I will be able to purchase my first personally owned handgun, and I know my choice is going to be influenced by your experiences imparted to me over the years.   Goodbye Paul, it's been a great ride. And once again, thank you for your time here.
Paul, I know you don’t care much for sappy heart felt comments so I’ll get to the point. Is the channel name likely to change? I’ve been watching for a very long time, you’ve definitely influenced me over the years in my love of firearms and I don’t like change. You don’t seem like the kind of guy who likes change either so I ask you keep it the same…  Roy I’m sure you’ll do fine, I’ll still watch and enjoy the content I’m sure.
Paul, please look up cancer treatment utilizing Hyperthermia and Interleukin-2 injections. It will save your life. Please read this.
Thank you for all that you have done. Prayers up, I'll miss you.
Paul I know I’m commenting again but this is weighing so heavy on my heart. I read on Reddit that you’re actively reading comments. I hope this one finds you.  I’ve been considering starting my own channel because of you. I think it’s time I finally did it. I promise I’ll refer to all my videos as presentations in your honor. My first video will be a el presidente drill. Even though it’s one of your later ones. It’s a favorite presentation for sure. Thank you so much for the years of entertainment, knowledge, and wisdom. I pray that one day I can be half the man you are.
Damn, this is a sad day indeed. Thoughts and prayers to you Sir.
Thank you Paul ❤ 🙏🇺🇸 Hello Roy !!!
I will miss you, we all will miss you, live long and prosper. Long Live the King......
It's SHOCKING to see thousands feel their need to post a comment. THAT is so TOTALLY against what Paul IMPLORED us NOT to do last summer in his refreshingly personal, frank, helpful, SAD, to-the-point message of his situation, a personal crisis. He flat out told us he has ALL the medical expertise and family support ANYONE in his critical, change-of-life circumstance could hope for. As anyone would be in this reality, he is overwhelmed physically, emotionally, spiritually, financially and practically. Dealing with these grueling considerations, he, and he alone, is choosing the best avenue. He didn't say this, but I'll add:  with his obvious high IQ he "has the tools."  So, fellow "Paul Harrell" channel viewers, followers, the faithful, the curious, what the good man, knowledgeable and skilled instructor and our video friend basically said -- without appearing or coming across as un-appreciative, crude or blunt -- was,  "Please, everybody, STFU*." Yet 5k + "didn't get the memo."  Clicking "thumbs up" like the 26,000 and counting have done is sufficient. Fine. But don't go against the good man's practical, legitimate, personal imploring of what he needs:  the comfort of peace and quiet.  *Shut The Eff Up -- as if you didn't know.
Instead of speaking like hes already gone, how about lifting Paul up in prayer for a strong recovery, I dont think Paul is the kind of man to roll over and give up, and the good Lord wont take anyone till its his time.............Stay strong brother!
Thank you for everything, before and after you started YT.
Thank you Paul for sharing your passion with us! You will be in my prayers.
Paul, I am not sure if you will see this, but thank you so much for your wisdom, humor, and humble intelligence and expertise.  You have enrichened my life, even though I have never had the honor of meeting you in person. God bless you and your family, sir.   Roy, thank you for being an obviously amazing brother to Paul, and for carrying on his legacy and keeping the channel going.  I am praying for all of you.
Damn
Paul, you have created channel that is the absolute pinnacle of firearms content on youtube. I want to thank you for your dedication to your country, and for your dedication to all your fans. I’m not a religious person, but I’m saying a prayer for you to the man upstairs, just in case he’s listening. Thank you again for the years of content and knowledge you have shared with us.
I love you, Paul.
Thank you for changing my life.
My wife and I wanted to let you know how much knowledge and laughs that you have given us.  Praying for you..and my wife said nobody will ever be hotter in a suit in your intro ❤ thank you for everything you have brought to our lives.  And of course....Welcome Roy!
Cancer is Ugly, have lost two family members. Life is hard and it is sure as hell not fair, thank you for your shows I watched, God Bless.
We'll miss you
What did I miss? Why?
Thank you Paul for all the education you provided. It was meaningful, and you will be missed.
Thank you Paul, you will be missed.
Paul will be missed. Thank you for all the years of fun and valuable information.
Paul, thank you.
If we all share his vids we could push the channel over 1 mil.
Godspeed Paul. You have taught me many things, not only about firearms and their use, but also on public speaking and rhetoric. I aspire to achieve the measured and considerate way you carry yourself on screen.
Paul, I've followed you for a very long time.  You've been very informative and I think you're hilarious. Thanks for all the chats
Thank you sir. Hope the time you have is spent the way you want to spend it. I appreciate all the content you have created and I'd like to think it has benefited me in my own personal life. I was made aware of the video by the Yankee Marshall. All the best sir and again, thank you.
you will be in my prayers Paul; I am younger than you and I have health problems too: not sure how long I will be around, know how you feel.
You had me at "Paul's brother". Looking forward to getting to know you better.
I'm sure we'll all get along great.
Praying for you Paul. I don’t know where you stand in your relationship with God, but Jesus is the only way to heaven. For you and anyone else reading this the gospel is A B C simple.   A- admit you’re a sinner in need of a savior.  B- believe in your heart that Jesus lived the perfect life we are incapable of living, and died in your place on the cross to pay for your sins, was buried, and rose again on the third day.  C- call on Him to save you.   It really is that simple. Again, I’m still praying for a miracle for you. I hope to see you someday.
I love you, brother. God Bless You and yours. I hope you find peace in our lord.
Thank you for everything, Paul. The amount of work that's gone into this channel has been an incredible gift to the community. It is truly appreciated.
It's kind of dusty in here
I can't say i always watched but have been a fan if the channel and the guy doing it. We all have to make the big journey some day. If its meant for you to  make it there first, just know you will be remembered in the meantime and joined soon enough. Godspeed sir!
God Bless you Paul.  I remember a few years ago you and your guys were going to do a "Meet And Greet" at a local pizza joint around here and I had planned to attend before it was cancelled because of Covid.  If there;s anything I can do please let me know friend.
I'm here for it!
No mushy words from me Paul, just stay strong and fight the good fight.... as you have been doing. We will all welcome your brother with open arms.
I just want to say thank you. That you have shared your knowledge with us. And wish you much strength in the fight against your illness. Thank you Paul...
Thanks for everything you did
I’m just going to say it. God bless you and your work Paul. We love you.
Paul, thank you for everything you have done for us. I pray you have trusted Jesus Christ as your LORD and Savior. You will be missed.
Stay strong Paul we love you from Melbourne Australia
Hi guys, and welcome to our new host!  Paul, I know you probably don't want to discuss this but it would be remiss of me if I didn't recommend watching Paul Stamets' TED talk on YouTube about fighting cancer with Turkey Tail mushrooms. It's a long shot I know, but I want to share the information, and I hope you'll find it useful. It's a fascinating fifteen minutes. Bless you and thank you for all you've done to entertain us and boost our mental health in low times. You've made my life better. I wish you the very best.
Thank you Paul for all your videos
Thank you Paul for the lessons and information you’ve given me through the years with these videos, I wish you and your family the best
God bless you and yours Paul. Thanks for the great content over the years. I hope you and your family truly enjoy every second of the time you have left together and I'm so sorry to hear about what you are going thru.
Paul... you are a hero of mine... my world is going to be a lot dimmer with out you in it
Ive learned so much from your videos you're the man Paul
Welcome Roy!
Wish you the best Paul. Your channel has been my favorite Gun Information Channel on the Internet.
Paul, I will pray to St. Padre Pio to heal you with God's power . God bless!
I don’t know who here also follows Brian barczyk but it really is a double hit for me. I’ve been following Paul and Brian for years. It’s weird you don’t actually know these people but you spend so much time with them. Watching there videos. Especially when you are having a bad day or overwhelmed you go to YouTube and see what your friends you never met are up to. It’s like loosing a family member. I just want to say thank you Paul. For everything you have taught me Over the years. Not just about guns. Life lessons things that can be applied to so many facets of life. And thank you for continuing to make videos as long as you can. I hope everything goes as well as it can. And a wise man and good friend once told me always train your replacements. I’m sure if you will be passing the torch to Roy he won’t disappoint.
I am sorry to lose you, Paul.  Yes, I feel bad for my loss, but I feel for you.  You have been a constant person of goodness in our small world.  I will stay with the channel, but I'm probably going to stop watching other gun channels now.  So much bullshit out there, and you gave straight answers without showing off or bragging.  Let us know if we can do anything for your wife or family.
I'd like to thank Mr. Harrell for all he has done for the firearm community on youtube. You are a man who has forgotten more than I will ever know. You have been an inspiration to many. You will be remembered as one of the greatest there ever was here.
Lots of love man you have made so many people happy
welcome Roy, I've never commented on these, but watched since the early days. And this will continue
Paul I’ve never been more entertained watching a grown man read off chronograph numbers than I have on your channel.  Thank you.
Thank you for many years of great content. The knowledge you shared has been invaluable.
I watched your videos as a kid, through my time as a marine, in Afghanistan and now home as a civilian. It’s been real swell Paul 🫡
Paul - NEVER give up
Wishing you the best, Mr. Harrell. Stay safe and take care. The update videos are appreciated
Roy, you've got some HUGE shoes to fill.  Paul is the top of the pyramid of gun related personalities on the internet.  This has been one of, if not THE best shooting channel, or any channel for that matter, on youtube.  I wish you the best, but we're really gonna miss Paul.   He's more than just a "content creator",  he's like a family member to most of us, and I know I speak for all of us when I voice my concern for his health.  Please keep us posted on how he's doing.  The Lord be with you Paul.  Take care of yourself, and I hope you can show up now and then just to say hello.
Thank you, Paul.
All my thoughts and best wishes to you Paul. I have watched you for years and really hope that will continue again in the future.
Welcome Roy!      Paul,    I've been watching you for over 5 years now and I want to say thank you very much.      Your wisdom and knowledge you have taught us will be passed on for generations.
You’re the G.O.A.T Paul thank you for all amazing work you’ve done. Also looking forward to the new videos.
Thank you, Paul, for all the lessons over the years.
I love how the video outro'd as he was finishing his sentence! Lol, classic PH production
I've watched your channel since 2020 (the "beer" situation spurred me to learn about firearms) and I have gleaned a lot of valuable information from it. Having set out on a mission to provide "real firearms information for citizens", I would say that you have more than succeeded. Now that you're leaving, I feel compelled to leave a comment.  Your philosophy of responsible firearms ownership went a long way in shaping my appreciation of the law, the possible consequences of carrying a gun for personal protection, and the importance of training with professionals who can provide feedback. Much of what my instructors saw, however, was based on my early imitation of your grip and stance, which helped me on my way to developing a style best suited to my body and abilities. I take my self-appointed duties as a personal and family protector quite seriously, and I balance my life and my role as a shield with some of your advice ringing in my mind.   Your presentation of technical information, especially the ammo reviews, has largely steered me away from the boutique cartridges and helped me justify my choice of a .40 S&W full sized pistol for my EDC (and, for some reason, this makes me remember that your bicep is about as big around as a grocery store ham). When I chose to make a snub revolver my pocket pistol, your reviews of .38 SPC ammo also came in really handy.   I took solace from that fact that you, too, "like the classics" (my first centerfire pistol was a Rock Island 1911 that I "accidentally" bought on Gun Broker... my first intentional centerfire pistol was a S&W Model 14-3, with really nice bluing). It's hard to believe that the Beretta 92 is creeping into the classic vintage....  I also derived much entertainment from your holiday specials, the deer that wandered through your range, and treatment of TEOTWAWKI/WROL/ROFL topics... when the world ends, I'll be ready with my preferred rifle/pistol combo.  The presentations that stand out the most for me were your Miami-Dade analysis and the "Can a cop (reliably) shoot a knife out of an assailant's hand?" simulation. I thought they were brilliant.  That brilliance comes from your virtuosic shooting skills. I'm sure I'm not the only new firearms owner who carefully watched how you handled your various firearms, and who aspire to be even half as good as you are.  Well, that's four years of pent up comments and compliments.   No matter what happens in the next few weeks, know that you made a difference in many of your viewer's lives and we are keeping you in our prayers. You took a medium (YouTube) that often scrapes dreadful cultural lows and elevated it to the best it could be: a channel for education, debate, and good (usually) clean entertainment.
Siamo tutti con te maestro Paul, un enorme abbraccio dalla vecchia Europa! ❤
Thank you for everything, Paul.
We all love you very much Paul. You have brought lots of information and entertainment to myself and my family and friends. God bless you and your family.
Paul. I’ve been watching your content from the start. I’m a military firearms instructor in the uk. I have learned so so much from you in all the years you have been putting content on YouTube. I would like to take the time to thank you for all your expertise and for sharing this with the world, you are the word in all things firearms and my go too for all things shooting related. Also you are the most entertaining person ever and I look forward to every video you release. I wish Roy every success in taking over this channel when he is needed. If he has learned anything from you then he will succeed absolutely. I look forward to any content you can still put together and commend you for doing so with your physical limitations. Paul you are a legend. We love you in the UK. Stay strong brother !
I have to tell you Paul this bring literal tears to my eyes. I love watching you and your channel. You are such a great man. My heart is heavy for whatever you are dealing with. Just know so many people care about you that you have never and probably will never meet. God bless you and your family. Love to you all.
God bless you Sir. I have learned much from you over the years and will always enjoy your quality vids.
I've always enjoyed your content and you as a person. However it goes, I wish you well.
Thank you for everything ❤
Thanks
Rock solid individual following from the beginning-Thanks for what you do and have done to educate the gun or firearms community tough time hit us all we are defined by how it's handled and with your integrity im sure you will one way or the other best of wishes cause luck has nothing to do with it
Paul,  Thank you for the good times. Been watching for 5 years and youve brought me unmeasurable knowledge and humor. My prayers are with you and your family.
Thank you Paul ❤
Truly thanks for everything, Paul. Good luck and Godspeed.   And it's nice to meet you, Roy.
Thank you for everything, Paul. You are a legend in the gun community and I wish you the best. You are in my thoughts daily.
Nothing against your Brother Roy, but nothing can replace your humor...   Your delivery...   Your persona...  Your take on firearms and shooting.  Not sure I will stick around in the future but Paul, I thoroughly enjoyed your videos and your style.  God bless and best of luck with you health issues going forward.   I can only hope and wish for, your return...
: /
We love you Paul. I'll pray for you.
Thank you for your many years of insight and testing. You will be missed
I didn’t think I would ever cry for someone I’ve never met. You got me through the death (and taking care of her on hospice) my grandmother and aunt back in 2019. I pray that you know Jesus and go to meet him when your time comes brother.
Can we get an update on Paul's health? Is there anything the community can do to help out? I mean the man has 800K+ subscribers.. i'm sure at least 10% of us would put up a dollar a day to see the man saved or try to at least..
paul-servering through these tough times
This is one aspect of YT that I never really took time to consider, despite it being too painfully obvious.
Not how expected my YouTube session to go
Paul, I don't know what to say.  Hope I meet you on the other side, and maybe then I will.
Nice to meet you Roy, Thanks for your service. Hang in there Paul.
Well Roy welcome.
I will always appreciate your videos and your time
Paul, you just get healthy, regardless if videos are made or not. Videos are not whats important here.
❤
Godspeed Paul
Thank you for all the videos Paul. You provided so many hours of entertainment and information for all of us.
Thank you for everything Paul and godspeed. I wish you and your family all the best given the circumstances.
Mr. Harrell, thank you so much for all your contributions to our great community. Your humor, your knowledge, and your character/integrity have left an indelible mark for the better. Thank you, sir. Godspeed.
I respect the hell out of this approach. Everyone knows what's going on, no need to screw around and pretend it's something it isn't. Godspeed, Paul.
God bless you Paul and Thank You! for everything.
Bless you Paul. Welcome Roy.
looking forward to the new chapters!
:)
Much Respect Roy!  Hey, i hope to see you guys soon. I mean that. I have a pair of those crutches too. And 8 screws in my neck. And i lost my belly button. Had 9 surgeries after war. But, It would be fun to go huntn with yeah. Maybe you can send me out on my own. (joke)  I've never hunted outside of Iraq/ Afghanistan. No i dont have a Ribbon for getting injured out there. They dont give ribbons for burning your hand on a hot barrel, fight'n with the best of the best, on a roof in Baqubah 2004. Yeah ba'be.   Damm we're getting old. I think i'd be better off sitting by the fire. Warming my knee caps vs hunt'n. lol.  Paul. Thanks man. I truly mean that.  Michael L. Reidy 9575 U.S. Navy / U.S. Army Superior Civ Service Award, General John F. Campbell, Jalalabad 2010 (yeah baby  : ) be Safe. Out.
Paul you are the man. Best wishes brother
If Roy’s even half as good as you Paul, I’ll continue watching 👍
This makes me sad. Cancer sucks and it’s most unfortunate that it has struck Paul. I have watched Paul for years and have taken away quite a few lessons from him. But I know Paul wouldn’t bring his brother on if his brother didn’t have what it took to carry on.
Paul, you've been a great source of information and subtle humor. I wish you the best. I'm looking forward to what Roy does.
Thank you Paul for all of your contributions, knowledge and wisdom.  You will be greatly missed and will leave a great legacy for the community you have created.
Hey paul and roy i was just watching an old episode of unsolved mysteries here on youtube  much to my surprise  i saw a law enforcement officer on the the show named roy harrel jr. is this gentleman a member of your family if you want to see the episode its unsolved mysteries season 3 episode 15  its also free to watch
Thank you Paul.
Just wanted to say thanks for all you taught me Paul. I’m excited to see what Roy has in store for us.
Love you Paul.  Roy, looking forward to it.
Welcome Roy
Paul thank you so much for all that you’ve done for the gun community and the gun tube community, it’s been a blast watching you all these years. Roy I’m sure everyone is excited like me to see what content you’ll provide. But obviously family comes first.
Iv been watching your content for over 10 years now. I was a young private first class, just graduated from bootcamp in the summer of 2013.   Iv consistently watched and commented on your videos ever since. We have even had a back and forth or two.   I'll watch your content and continue to comment till the day you stop.
Godspeed Paul O7
As soon as he said "Hello!" I knew I was gonna like this guy
You made your mark on the world. Not all men can say the same. Precious few, actually.
Looking forward to getting know u, Roy!
Paul, I pray to the Lord our God for your better health and recovery from what ails you. Please continue to provide your wisdom in whatever capacity you may.
😢
Thank you, Uncle Paul, for the entertainment and sharing your tremendous knowledge with us.
Just heard about this. You have been my favourite shooting channel for sometime now. You come off as sincere, genuinely decent man.  You have fantastic comedic timing and have this way of drawing me in and keeping my attention, which is a tough task in itself.   God bless you, you're the real deal. Thinking of you over here in England.  Also hi Roy.
Thanks for the videos Paul.
May your end be peaceful and surrounded by love. Godspeed, Paul.
God bless you you both!
Thank you Paul, stay strong
Hopefully, very short for Paul Harrell is over 10 years. Be well PH.
Thank you, Paul, for everything you have taught me - not only about firearms, survival, cooking, and pop tarts, but about personal integrity and professionalism. Also as an instructor (in a non-related field) I learned so much about public speaking and presentation of technical topics from your channel.
Thanks for everything, Paul. I always enjoy your videos. Wishing you the best.
Paul I’ve been watching you since I was 7 and I just want to say thank you
Mr. Paul, thank you Sir for the selfless effort you made for all of us around the world to enjoy. Good bless and many, many prayers from Serbia to you ❤
Damn man, 2024 sucks already. Fuck cancer.   I've watched this channel for almost 10 years and never said much, I'm 34 years old, and this hurts to see. That said, I want to say thank you, and I wish your family all the best Paul.
Your videos have helped me a lot, your content is second to none. You're the definition of a responsible gun owner, if there was one person to represent the entire gun community it would be you. Thank you so much for your videos and all your time, you will be educating new gun owners for generations to come.
Thank you Paul.  We don't know each other, but I'll genuinely miss you.  Godspeed.
Hi Roy
The tamber of his speech is a lot like paul lol
God bless you Paul Harrell. One of the best YouTubers period and a pillar in the gun community. Thank you for everything you contributed in the education of firearms and the second amendment.
Paul, You seriously don't know how much you are honored among us.
Take care, Paul.
Paul, you've taught me a lot and I always loved your videos. Whether you get around go reading this or not, please know you've taught so many people. You're the gun knowledge uncle I never had
Paul, just wanted to say that you have been a huge source of firearms knowledge for me and mine, and I'm grateful for all the information you've shared, and very grateful your brother is helping pick up the mantle so that knowledge won't be lost. Thank you.
Who's the man Paul? You the man.
Mr. Harrell, never commented but sincerely hope you can feel something of the great respect, admiration and love that so many of us have for you, now and always.  God bless.
God bless Paul. Thank you for everything.
Paul, may God Bless and Keep you. You are the only YouTuber I will sit down and watch ANY length of video you have produced.  I put you at the same level as Mas Ayoob. Different angle, same level. 😮
Thank you for all your contributions to the gun community over the years. I"ve truly enjoyed watching you and learning from you. You will be greatly missed. But if you have accepted Christ as your savior, there is warm welcome waiting for you after this life is over. I have no idea of your relationship with God, but if you are unsure of what is in store for your soul after you die, I'd encourage you to speak with a pastor. It is never too late to accept God's gift of salvation!
Hay Paul God Bless You brother.
Devastating! I can't describe how I feel right now, along with many thousands of other subscribers, I am certain.
Hi, Paul. I just wanted to let you know that your videos have really helped me become more informed about firearms. I've sent your videos to friends who aren't as comfortable with weapons, and it helped them understand them a little better. Your videos on home defense is the best on the internet, in my opinion. I'm praying for your recovery, but just know that if the worst happens, you're leaving us with a wonderful legacy and excellent instruction. All the best, Russell
Hey Paul, wish you the best. I also wish the best to your brother. Great channel overall always appreciated your insight. Take care and speedy recovery.
Paul, I sometimes think about the video you made shooting through that Corolla.  Hope I never have to use it, but I’ll use the engine to block, thanks!
I will be praying for you Paul. It’s not over until it’s over. I will be lifting Roy and the crew up in prayer also.
Thank you for everything you have done for us sir.
Thank you Paul for all your time! Its been a blessing stumbling upon your videos here on YouTube a few years back. Wish we had more time but thats how life goes.
Is Paul terminally ill?  I hope not
Thanks Paul for all you've shown us, All the best.
Grateful for Paul Harrel's informative videos. I really wish he would've stayed clear of toxic "allopathic reductionism" for natural alternative remedies for cancer (they worked very well for me). He asked everyone to not recommend any "alternative" treatments, so I respected those wishes. Godspeed Paul.
Hey Paul… I’ve really enjoyed all of your videos over the years… I’m very sorry you have to go… you will be missed a lot more then you realize… I’ll be praying for you my buddy…
When COVID was kicking off a show you were going to be at was canceled and so you said people could come hang out at pizza place with you and the crew. I live a few hundred miles away but thought about going anyway. I regret not having taken that opportunity. God bless, Paul.
Thank you for every video Paul, I will back Roy when the time comes, even though he is left handed.
Thank you Paul.
Godspeed Paul.
God Bless Paul
Paul you have been putting out such great content for so long I don’t even remember when I first started watching. Going through the cancer fight right now with my wife. She is winning. I have no doubt you can too. But however it ends, it is an honor sir to have “met you” through your videos.  So until TEOTWAWKI, I wish you Gods grace and strength.
Thank you for everything you have done, Paul.  May whatever information you have taught us over the years save our lives and other’s.  Go be with family, Paul, and I hope to see you, again.
Paul, you're a legend, and I'm so thankful for the knowledge and detail you've imparted on the community you've cultivated. We will miss you greatly!
Thank you for the years of outstanding content and many lessons - best of luck to you, Paul.
I can't say that I am at all happy about hearing your statement regarding the time you have left. I just hope that Jesus has been a part of your life and if not I'd be happy to share with you.
Thank you Paul for everything you do, I’m a 22 year old new gun owner and your videos have helped me drastically on range days as well as knowing what to expect to defend my self and my young family. I hope to see you around here still now and then, but either way thanks for everything Paul.
I can't thank you enough for all you've done for us as a soldier, an upstanding member of the community and this channel. As the mood strikes, I hope you're able to share your insights and sagacious advice, regardless of the topic. God bless you and yours and thank you for everything. Roy, thank you for being willing to step into "the gap" which must appear to be akin to the Grand Canyon right now. God bless you and yours as well.
Godspeed Paul. You were instrumental in my journey to understanding the way of the gun. Thank you.
Paul Harrell is An |American| Treasure.
We wish you all the best, please if you could we would love to hear all your stories. Also we will love your brothers stories!
My brother-in-law just conquered his pancreas cancer. I hope you caught yours in time.
Paul, I, like others, have always appreciated your content. More than just firearms, I learned a lot from you about handling criticism. This has stuck with me for a long time.
Thank you Paul and Crew for all of the entertaining and educational content you have provided to us. Every time I shoot my Beretta M9, that first shot, I recall Paul’s voice. “Shhboom” “Shhboom” - For a timely trigger pull.
Hi Roy, Let's GOOOOOO!
Thank you Paul for all the interesting and entertaining videos. God bless you and all you hold dear.
Thank you, Paul. May God richly bless you. I would ask to read this to you if I were present:  To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David.  139 O Lord, you have searched me and known me! You know when I sit down and when I rise up;     you discern my thoughts from afar. You search out my path and my lying down     and are acquainted with all my ways. Even before a word is on my tongue,     behold, O Lord, you know it altogether. You hem me in, behind and before,     and lay your hand upon me. Such knowledge is too wonderful for me;     it is high; I cannot attain it. Where shall I go from your Spirit?     Or where shall I flee from your presence? If I ascend to heaven, you are there!     If I make my bed in Sheol, you are there! If I take the wings of the morning     and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea, even there your hand shall lead me,     and your right hand shall hold me. If I say, “Surely the darkness shall cover me,     and the light about me be night,” even the darkness is not dark to you;     the night is bright as the day,     for darkness is as light with you. For you formed my inward parts;     you knitted me together in my mother's womb. I praise you, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Wonderful are your works;     my soul knows it very well. My frame was not hidden from you, when I was being made in secret,     intricately woven in the depths of the earth. Your eyes saw my unformed substance; in your book were written, every one of them,     the days that were formed for me,     when as yet there was none of them. How precious to me are your thoughts, O God!     How vast is the sum of them! If I would count them, they are more than the sand.     I awake, and I am still with you. Oh that you would slay the wicked, O God!     O men of blood, depart from me! They speak against you with malicious intent;     your enemies take your name in vain. Do I not hate those who hate you, O Lord?     And do I not loathe those who rise up against you? I hate them with complete hatred;     I count them my enemies. Search me, O God, and know my heart!     Try me and know my thoughts! And see if there be any grievous way in me,     and lead me in the way everlasting!
Thank you for everything Paul. You are a legend and inspiration who inspired us all. Wishing you calm and peace in the road ahead!
No fuss, straight to the point. Godspeed Paul, the melons you exterminated are forever burned into my brain.
Paul, you have been an excellent teacher, and we have all benefited greatly. Thank you.
Godspeed, Paul. I hope that you do well and that you have done what you wanted and are happy.
Well shit. I've been watching your stuff for the better part of a decade. Perhaps even the full decade. I remember the story of the were walrus and I remember the hydrostatic spatula in the pond. I just want to say Thank You for putting out this body of work and I am hoping for a speedy recovery.
Paul so I have noticed I keep getting unsubscribed to your channel with no action of my own. Don’t know what’s going on if somebody’s meddling in your stuff.
We’re pulling for you Paul. Hang in there. We love you.
Paul is a quality individual. I have grown to feel that I would search him out as a friend and mentor if I had met him in real life. His manner, intellect, knowledge, humor and humility are always present. Not to mention that he has been showing everyone how a man faces adversity. He has set many standards to live up to by his example but this last one is the most important. Love you Paul.
Paul, you’re the best. I don’t want to say goodbye so I’ll just say hello to Roy instead. You’ve always been very fair and objective, always done an amazing job at entertaining and informing everyone who comes to watch your videos. You hold an enormous place in my limited imagination, and I will continue to revisit the videos of yours that I have watched and researched over the years. We’re all fortunate to have you and now your brother. Rest well please and know we’re all thinking of you.  Evan
It's called keto you stubborn bastard
WTF, Paul. You have given me so much practical and entertaining content, that my brain registers you as a frient, even though we've never met.  All the best to you.
Paul your videos have been incredibly informative and I appreciate all you done for the community. You're a good man and I respect your work. Best of wishes and prayers for your health.
Thank you, Paul. God bless
Respect.
Respect, Paul. God speed. Good to meet you, Roy. We'll continue to support this channel
No Way!!!!!  I just heard the news 😢😢😢😢
Paul was one of the most important instructors I had when I first got into firearms only four years ago. Paul saw YT as a great platform to educate the masses with his extensive knowledge. We are all so grateful for the work you've done to spread firearm, training, and safety knowledge. Hang in there, Paul.
Paul I have been Watching for years now, and I just wanted to say THANK YOU! You've been one of the best content creators anyone could ask for. I and many others will be praying for you.
Thanks for all the humour and  wisdom. The wife sez "no we're not cooking a thanksgiving dinner in the woods", we'd have to buy too many new pots. When its all said and done ...   We' ll be the judge. You're #1.
Paul, no matter how things turn out, your content will stand as a historical reference point for fluff free firearms knowledge in this the early internet epoch. Thank you. Best wishes from UK.
Paul.  Love you, man.  Been years buddy.  While I had cancer, twice, I laid in bed watching your funny, informative videos.  Never missed one.   After eight years as a grunt, then IDPA & IPSC, etc.. I still learned so much from you.  God bless you and your family buddy.
Paul God bless you, thanks for being here for all these years to teach us the wisdom you've accumulated over your life through your various experiences. I'm praying for you, hoping the time you have left on Earth is peaceful, pain free, and full of laughs. We all love you and will miss you.
Thanks for continuing the legacy Roy! My prayers for Paul and the family.
Paul, thank you and God bless you. I’ve learned a lot from you and have told others about your work. You are appreciated
Hope you get better man. We all really appreciate your vids. You're a legendary member of the community and nobody will ever forget it. I wish you the best, Paul.
Holy fuck
How come he won’t be able to make more content? Always dug his videos and sense of humor
Hi Roy!
Thank you Paul for sharing your knowledge with us. It will forever live on.
Paul, I dont know you at all but man is it heartbreaking. As long as youtube stay going, you will be cemented here. Forever iconic.
Paul, if possible, we would all love to hear more about you, and any advice you can pass along that you have learned in life. Thank you very much for the content.
Thank you Paul for all the wonderful content over the years. It’s been wonderful to get the opportunity to listen to you talk. Hello Roy!
Paul, thank you for everything you have shared with the world through your content. You have a talent not only for presentation, but for making those of us in the audience feel like we are there with you and connect with you personally. Today is no exception, even with your brief appearance onscreen. Godspeed to you as your journey continues!
God bless you Paul.  Thank you Roy.
Thank you Paul for everything ❤
Thank you, Paul. I like your style, and will carry on with the lessons you provided.
It's nice to meet you, Roy. We are happy to have you. Keeping Paul and the rest of the family in my positive thoughts no matter what happens. Respect, love, and peace.
i saw people cure all types of cancer by eating the 25 micon layer of bubble hash i made commercially licensed for dispensaries.    100% works
Well. Shit. I'm really sorry that your illness is getting to this point Thank you for the time that you've put into this. Also thank you for being so selfless as to consider passing the torch. May G_d be with you as your path goes it's way.
Thank you for your service, before you tube, and for all the reviews and meat targets on you tube!
You're an inspiration, Paul. Thank you for all the entertaining content, equally informative. Im sorry about your health. If you don't make it through, i hope your family all the best.
thank you sir. you are and always will be a excellent influence on so many
F*CK CANCER.... Sending prayers and good vibes your way, Paul.
Paul, you are the Rush Limbaugh of the gun world.  A unique, one of a kind gifted individual who can never be replaced. God bless you.
Hope you get better soon Paul, looking forward to more content with Roy, wish you all the best bro 👍👍👍
Paul, your work here has made you immortal. Your body of work will continue to educate shooters for decades to come and the standards you set for ballistics testing etc will inspire generations of future GunTubers forever.  Your work will outlive all of us.
Thanks for all you’ve done- been watching a long time- I go back and re watch old videos just to refresh myself on some solid well thought out information- thanks again to everyone involved with Paul’s videos- wishing Paul the best and looking forward to new content from this channel 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
You have taught me so much just from your videos on YouTube, allowing me to teach others as well.  Thank you Paul and may God let us meet one day
This is my first comment on YouTube Paul is such a great man, he will never be forgotten. May God protect him Greetings from Switzerland
Hey Paul, May God bless you with every miracle possible through this journey of life.  Love your videos and will continue to love them in your absence.
We love you Paul.
Welcome Roy, im confident you will continue to make exellent content on the channel. And Paul, we love you. Greetings from Sweden.
My father taught me many things, but he didn’t teach me about firearms. Thanks for stepping in.
Thank you Paul, you meant so much and impacted so many of us
Thank you Paul. Your videos made a difference in my life. You will be sorely missed on the channel.
Hi Roy! The bar is set quite high but i believe you will continue to make quality content.
HOLY SHIT!  ...stay with us Paul! Any way it goes, you have achieved immorality and blessed us all . Thank you Roy for accepting the burden of your brothers legacy . Hopefully, this will be an enjoyable weight.
Damn. What a loss. Thanks Paul. Best wishes
Thank you, Paul, for all the great anecdotes and Shatneresque pauses.  My son and I have watched your videos for years, and laughed and learned at the jokes and lessons that nobody else gets or teaches, anymore.  You will always be remembered, especially when picking up a box of Pop Tarts - where a man belongs.
Paul, you;ve taught me so much over the years, love you brother.
Thank you Paul, for everything!
Paul, Been a subscriber for over a decade and you were a great resource for me during formative years of my life. Thanks for all the memories!
I am sorry that I never got to meet you. You have been one of my favorite YouTube channels for some time. I have told numerous people about you over the years. I have always appreciated your wit and your dedication to empirical evidence.  I will miss your Thanksgiving specials as well. Thanks for everything, Paul.
God bless you Paul for doing content that can be useful and enjoyable for everyone who appreciates firearms  anywhere in the world. Greetings from Argentina. Keep up the good fight!
Im so sorry Paul
Thank you for all the great content over the years Paul. You are very much appreciated.
You have done more to move the gun community forward than anyone I've ever met. You have taught innumerable people the value of the scientific method. With your steady, purposeful progression thru any particular days task you help foster an appreciation for analysis of the data you collect, leaving emotions and ideology out of the equation. The profoundly unique life experiences that you have graciously shared have enlightened, educated, and forge a practical and practicable suit of behavioral armor which will be donned and worn into the daily lives of thousands of people, almost all of which have never met or spoken to you, but will nonetheless help them to righteously defend their respective worlds far into the future. I appreciate what you have chosen to share with all of us, and I cannot express my gratitude in any meaningful way on a scale respective to how much my, already pretty open mind, has been expanded further. You are a standing example of what young men should pay attention to. Sincerely, thank you. Phil ✊
Hi Roy!
We love you Paul, let’s go Roy we are behind you!
Thank you Mr. Harrell for all your educational videos. In particular those covering shotguns for home defense. During the pandemic when all I could find on the shelves was .410 shot shells, you provided me with the information and understanding needed to secure my home and self. As a new gun owner you helped provide the mindset needed to be a responsible one. Thank you again for all your hard work.
To all things, there is an end.  Whether a particular end means the start of something new... well, we shall see.  Regardless Paul, thanks for the episodes. ❤
Paul, thank you. I have learned so much from your videos over the years and your delivery of information is one of a kind. I don't know the state at which things are, but I wish you all the best. You have cemented yourself in this world with your content and your character.
We love ya Paul! Hang in there buddy.
Thank you for sharing all your incredible knowledge for as long as you have. I seriously can’t thank you enough.
Paul,  I always enjoy your videos!  I love your content, calm demeanor, knowledge and humor!  Very helpful.  I wish you the very best and full recovery.
GODS STRENGTH TO YOU PAUL ! ! !
Love your videos Paul, wish more people in the gun community were like you.
Thanks Paul for all of the education I got from your videos. I hope you get better.
paul im gonna miss you so much
l love you brother! 1
Prayers for you brother!
I love you Paul!
Thank you Roy for stepping up and filling in for Paul. I know this transition is not easy, but we are all looking forward to this channel continuing and moving forward. Plus, it's going to be great to hear about your experiences, training and insight into the world of firearms.  This is not the end....but a new beginning.
Hi Paul, lots of love and support from Canada. You're the best of the best.
Hello Roy 🫡
I greatly appreciate the years of content and knowledge. I know you have plenty more.  I hope theres a way to continue sharing that knowledge with us. God speed
Like many others I rarely comment but I wanted to say thank you Paul for all you have given to the community 🙏, it has been an honor learning from you!
I finally Understand why  people feel pain when they lose their favorite youtuber. You may not have been my favorite but you were definitely in my top ten. Im sincerely going to miss you Paul. Im not a religious man but even I will say a prayer for you.
❤😭
You rule Paul, we love you.
Paul, I've been watching your videos for years and I am very grateful for the knowledge you've shared. You inspired me to train for and compete in my state's TAG match. I earned my governor's 20 tab largely due to your inspiration. You've also inspired me to think harder and more deliberately about firearms. I want to thank you for your impact on my life and I hope you beat your illness.
Godspeed and speedy recovery Paul. Thank you for all the years of concise commentary and entertainment.
Im glad the channel will continue and i will carry on watching it but itl never be the same. Thanks for all the great content Paul.
Won't forget you Paul. You've done a lot for us in the firearms community. Your legacy will inspire common sense and education for years to come. You should be proud, there are some of us who are deprived of the role models we seek and it makes a big difference to have someone to look to for guidance and advice. Thanks for your videos. When you die though, you'll have to change your intro so that people know that the opinions will now come from the origin of greatness.
Praying for Gods speed in your ordeal. GodBless. Great videos.
Thank you for all you have done to educate and inform all of us Paul. It won't be the same without you.
😢
Hope you're back with us soon, Paul. Your content changed my life for the better and inspired me to become a firearms instructor and start my own channel. Cheers from Brazil!
Paul, thank you for your commitment to quality, education, and your contributions to the 2A, and to firearms knowledge. Thank you as well for being so original and sharing your brilliance, while maintaining humility and excellent humor.   Roy, welcome and make sure to take care of yourself as well. I look forward to your content and perspective.
Thank you Paul for all of the information . The forward thought you put into everything helped shape my concept of situations before they happen. Life changing and life saving. God bless you.
Thanks for everything Paul.
Paul, I want to say this before I regret not saying it, in case something happens, so in case you're reading this: I think you've already done great things for the firearms community here on youtube (and outside of youtube, for that matter). Sorry I haven't been more supportive in the past, but I'm still hoping you'll make a recovery, and I'll keep you in my prayers.
Thanks for providing the world with a rock solid, massive body of work. The library you built will stand for years and years. Ive based so much of my understanding and many decisions on your tests and results and came to love this channel.
Welcome Roy! A pleasure to meet Paul’s brother.
Paul, your 10mm & .45 comparison video inspired me to get a 10mm. I watched it after getting a .45, not knowing what 10mm was. Very happy I have my 1911 .45, now even happier that I also have a 10mm. G29. - thank you
I dont usually comment on videos like this but because of the circumstances i wanted to thank you Paul!. Thank you for the amazing content and I wish you and your family the best!
Of course I’ll continue to tune in Paul. THANK YOU for who you are and sharing so much of yourself over the years. I do feel like a friend. You’ve earned my respect and adoration. All the best to you sir. You are in my prayers.
Not Paul man 💔
Your Mom and Dad didn't believe in long first names, Paul- Roy! I wish we could all give you a big 🐻 Hug right now! My you find some Peace in the Time you have left. THANK YOU FOR THE TIME YOU GAVE US.
Gonna miss your wisdom Paul!
So long, Paul, and thanks for all the fish.  Thank you for sharing your experiences with us, your humor, your training, and yourself.  Thank you.  Godspeed, sir.
Wishing you well Paul. I have loved your videos over the years. Thank you for your content and hard work. Your videos have been entertaining, and educational, and you are one of my favorite you tubers.
Know this, good sir... you made a difference with your videos and your stories. You will be remembered. And your legacy will live on thriugh your brother Roy and your crew, along with guntubers present and future.  Godspeed and give the cancer every ounce of hell you can muster 😞
Its so over Bros
You are in our Prayers.
Good  luck mate - hope everything turns out well for you and yours!  cheers.
Paul, thank you for the time you spent with us teaching and sharing your wit and wisdom over the years. Best wishes for your treatment. Please keep us posted on your progress.  Roy, welcome to the community. Please let us know how we can help you grow and develop the channel to what you and your brother want it to be.  I know it's said all the time, but I will keep you two in my thoughts in the coming days, weeks, months...
Thank you for everything Mr. Harrell. You are the best!
We love you Paul <3
I teared up as I wrote this. Thank you for everything you have done and given us. You are irreplaceable
Paul! We all appreciate your videos so much. You are such an icon in the gun world. We love your videos.
Ah. Ah shit. I hope Roy doesn't need to stick around for long before Paul gets back to it. I'm really hoping.
My father and I enjoyed and in hindsight, bonded over these videos. Thank you to the whole crew for those moments.
Man as unlikely as it is I'm having to cling to the fact that there's a very slim but not nil chance that all of this is an elaborately planned faking his death to lose his stalker and Paul is gonna be sunning it up in Argentina, comfortably living out his final days sipping drinks served by suspiciously Germanic looking hotties who hang on his every word.
Thank you
Men of God, join me each day in prayer for Paul, for healing, and right at noon. Set your alarm.
Wow. Im blown away and yet not surprised by the style this video was made. To the point, no frills, but entertaining nonetheless. Exactly the style of video that drew me to this channel to begin with. I have a tremendous respect in you Paul as a Firearms Instructor Deputy Sheriff and gun enthusiast what I wanted to just say thank you and know that your time has been much appreciated, something certainly not everyone can say.   Thank you for the educational, informative, awesome videos. See ya in the next chapter my friend.
Paul, thank you for your service to our country, thank you for your knowledge and wisdom, thank you for being an exceptional human being.
Best wishes, Paul. You've done so much for us even though there is very little we can do for you. You've left your mark on each and every one of us, and I will carry some of the valuable lessons you've taught with me for the rest of my days. Thank you.
Hey Everybody. Prayer works, whether you believe it or not. Anytime you think of Paul just say a few words from the heart. They work. 🙏❤️😢😢
❤
Im going to miss you, paul. Thank you for instilling my confidence with firearms due to your videos. I will be praying for you. Love you, paul, and god bless sir
Howdy Roy Its awesome of you to stand by Paul and help ease some of the load for him while he tends to his health and other things.
Thank You Paul and Welcome Roy.  I pray for you both in Jesus name amen.
Miss you already
Prayers for you and your family.
-- You're Paul's brother.  You were a police.  Okay.  If this is how Paul want's it.  Okay.  I do NOT care for it to be this way ONE BIT, nothing on you, Roy, but you Paul.  WE DON'T LEAVE ANYONE BEHIND.   AND I'M STUCK BEHIND THIS SCREEN 2,000 MILES AWAY.  You DON"T do that to us.  If it's a fight you can't win, let us fight with you.
I don’t typically cry over YTer stuff, but this is getting to me. We love you Paul and will always miss you. I’m praying you enjoy these remaining days with your friends and family happily and pain free.
Thanks for the stories and lessons, Paul.
Hi Roy ! 👍
Paul thank you for the years of sharing your knowledge, I've learned so much from you. Your videos always brought me a lot of joy, I can't thank you enough.
Even with all the health problems, Paul has remained mentally sharp as a tack. Paul has taught us as much about life as he taught us about shooting. Godspeed.
Hello Paul, your channel was recommended to me by a friend, I heard of your situation and I will begin viewing this channel. I’ve seen little of you but I can already tell you were a real one Paul.
Hello Roy. No one can replace Paul, but if he recommends you as his successor, I'm in. Welcome.
We're sure going to miss you Paul. Here's to hoping you can turn this fight around and be back better than ever!
we love you paul.
God bless you Paul. You're the man.
God bless you and keep you Paul. I've loved watching your videos for years. Thank you so much for all those years and all those videos. Terribly sad to hear of your troubles. Roy and the crew have some big shoes to fill. God be with you all.
Thank you
I'm gonna stay tuned in Roy. Paul, I admire you, all my respect and I appreciate you.   Won't sugar coat.. God loves you. I pray for you and pray you've totally given yourself to God.    I usually push others to watch your channel involving firearms, as it's quite simply, the best. This time I'm gonna push another. If you're right with God, please, just ignore and just take the love and it's intent. If not, watch some Kent Hovind. He's kinda like you but with God and Creation. Creation seminar videos are great.   I look forward to meeting you in the forever life Paul
As a teenager in college, your videos have been nice to relax and listen to, as well as being excellent and informative.  Thank you for everything.
Thank you for the education.
Forever grateful for the content from this channel and from you and your crew putting in all the time to inform us
Thanks for everything Paul, we all love you.
Thank you Paul for all the good content you've produced and here's wishing Roy good luck on carrying on the channel in Paul's name
Praying for a miracle for you .  😢
I can’t convey emotion very well but I’m just going to ask you to imagine Michael Scott’s uttering of “This is THE WORST”.   I’m sure your brother will do a great job, but I hate what you’re having to go through, and I hope you get through it and come back to continue gracing us with same kind content you always have, some day.
Always will be with me. Take care and thanks again. God bless
Thank you Paul for all your insight, it has always been very informative and highly entertaining! I hope you are able to pull through this, Godspeed!
was looking back at your old videos I remember discovering. I loved how straight and to the point (eventually) you were, but that you also ended every video with "go ahead and leave a comment, i read every one." found some of my old misinformed comments you took the time set me straight on. for what its worth, I would like to formally apologize for all the dumb comments I have left on your videos over the years. I thought atleast one person should say it. This situation isn't fair, and I know this video was hard for you to make in so many ways that you are not comfortable describing. I love how objectively you have said things here on youtube. I know the reason you have been so successful so quickly is because you were a selfless, non-emotional, voice of reason in an eco-chamber of self-absorbed rhetoric. I have to say this because I dont think you would ever give yourself credit. I am a former pharmacist and soon to be doctor with a good amount of experience in the field of oncology. That's where I want to eventually practice. I have had hundreds of conversations with individuals in similar situations. I can only imagine that theres so many complicated feelings and emotions which someone in your situation might be dealing with, and I know at the end of the day youre just not the type of person to burden others with them. I am relieved to at least be able to see that you are with family right now. I will pray that you are to be surrounded by the people who love you. thankyou for making this video, and for being someone I could really look up to over the last few years. I have re-watched this video every day over the past 3 days, and I wanted to leave a more thoughtful comment, but I am honestly out of things to say, but I suspect we might similar in that regard. Thankyou, -vev
Paul Harrell is part of the .00001% of firearms influencers that isnt a POS shill.  This hurts.  God Speed to Paul.
Good luck, Paul. Hope you survive and get better.
I rarely comment, but I commonly watch. You will be dearly missed, Paul. Thank you for everything.
I’ve got you In my thoughts, Paul. You’re one of a kind.
I’m sorry to hear this but happy to meet your Brother.  Just take what time you have with your loved ones. We will always think on you Paul and the wisdom you share.  Take it easy mate 😓
Thank you, Paul, for everything you have done, and continue to do for this community. I have learned more and laughed more from your presentations than from any other "guntuber". The practical, real-world knowledge you so freely share with us is truly invaluable, and the manner in which you deliver it is beyond reproach. I wish you comfort, and levity, in as vast a quantity as you have delivered to us. I hope that you know how much you are appreciated, and how much good you have contributed to this platform that is so often filled with derisive posturing and "look what I can do" prick measuring. This platform and this community are a better place for having you in it. We owe you a debt of gratitude. Keep yer stick on the ice. I'm pullin' for ya.
Thank you Paul for all the great information over the years you have educated me more than you could ever realize.
You the man Paul. The legacy of the tan jacket will live on
Still remember the first video from Paul I've watched " 1911's Don't Suck...." maybe in 2016 and started following the channel since, lately not as much as I used to, still being an armed citizen in South America without the easy of access and resources to test so many thing Paul's videos with the meat target were really useful and educational on my carry options and I still follow the same method for testing ammo, and of course I also learned to cook in a swedish fire log thanks to you Paul, praying for you.
Paul, you're my favorite firearms youtuber. You've contributed so much knowledge to the community and in such a unique and entertaining way. There will never be someone better at what you do than you. I will be praying for you
Fuck, man…
Paul I can't say what I want to, cuz you don't want to read it. But I may say thank you. You made me a better gun owner, but even more so a better man. From South America
We love you Paul
god bless you Paul
Paul I wish you a speedy recovery! I cannot wait for you to be back. You’ve been there for many years entertaining us with knowledge.
Hey Roy!
dammit paul .........................
I saw this video when it was first posted 3 days ago. It still hits hard hearing this news. You're in my thoughts Paul and thank you for all that you have done.
Does anyone know if Paul has health insurance?
God bless you.
Hey Paul, I’ve watched your videos occasionally growing up, but I’ve never imagined this would come up in my feed. I don’t know where you stand, but if you see this I can assure you that in all things Christ is faithful. If we go to Him he is faithful to not only forgive us, but cleanse us and make us His. If you do know Him, I hope you know Him in greater and more intimate ways always.
God bless you Paul
Paul, get bettet soon! 🙏🙌🙌🙌
Mister Paul Harrell, You  have my best wishes for your health and welfare. I subscribe to your channel (just had to re-subscribe after watching this video and checking status). All the videos I have seen are very informative. The comedy videos are very funny, your straight delivery is perfect and a compliment to your humor. It is always wonderful to watch videos you have produced. I look forward to seeing what he brings to the channel, although I will be saddened by your absence. I will continue to enjoy viewing and reviewing your past work as well as what comes in the future.  Welcome to your brother Roy.
Let me join the nearly 5000 commenters on here to just say: THANK YOU
Thank you Paul for your invaluable content! You left a mark, and that is eternal.
Thank you so much for all you have done to help educate me, and so many others, to things in the shooting/gun world. Four years ago I didn't even own a gun. With Covid, BLM riots, etc., etc. I decided that my wife and I would not be victims. We started down the 2nd Amendment path and sought out experts on the subject. You were the one we came across and you quickly became a trusted source for us. Our prayers are with you Paul.🙏🙏🙏
Thank you, Paul for all the great content!  Thankful that Roy will continue your content during this time.  The Lord is with you.
I’ve enjoyed your content over the years, and you have made a legacy for people to come back to. Thanks for bringing joy to people. I don’t know you, but as someone that has lost loved ones to cancer and watched others defeat cancer, I know it sucks. Got you in my prayers.
Thank you for sharing good information for so many years! Best of luck to you in the struggles ahead.
I love your youtube channel Paul. My prayers go out to you. Be strong!
Thank you Paul. It's been an honor to learn from you.   Welcome Roy. I look forward to learning from you.
Thank you
Hi Roy, ❤
o7
god bless you brother !!!! thanks for your service Paul and Roy !!!!
Been a fan for years. Godspeed Paul.
I want a sad button on YouTube...
I learned a lot from Paul, and often enjoyed his videos and his humor. He is in my thoughts, and I will continue to look for his work and lessons no matter when or in what form. With love.
Thank you Paul.  Spend time with your family.  Good luck.
Mr.Harrell, I have been watching you for years and just EAS'd from the  Marine Corps. You are the BEST source of firearm information on the planet. I look up to you as a role model and you have been a very positive impact on my life. Thank you for all of your time and effort into these videos. The Bassman family thanks you for everything and wishes you lots of love and prayers.
Thank you for your service Paul! You are one hell of an educator and we appreciate everything you’ve taught us over the years! Godspeed Paul, Godspeed.
I love you Paul I hope you are alright
Thank you for your time on this planet and your time with this channel. Your advice has always been very informative and well delivered. From all of us here on YouTube, you will be missed and cherished for years to come.
One of the many things I've learned from your videos is to carry on and fight the good fight. I send my warm feelings and prayers your way as you fight that fight.
Been a subscriber for a long time, I will miss your long anecdotes and your Shatneresque… pauses
Here from a place full of the worst people in the world that sometimes band together and do great things. I want to help and I have the means. No strings attached and I would like this comment deleted whether or not you accept. This isn't for publicity, I want to help. Let me know how I can provide my contact information privately to move forward with discussing further. This is not a joke.
What happened to Paul?? He will be missed greatly! Must’ve missed a video?
I haven’t watched all of your videos but I’ve enjoyed ever one I’ve seen I with you the best of health and I’ll say a prayer for you.  Best wishes
Thank you for all the content, I watched your short and long version videos and enjoyed them all.  I like the way you use data to explain things and you have a realistic take on things.  My favorite line from one of your videos and forgive me if I didn’t get it 100 percent right was before you call me stupid at least make an effort to know what you’re talking about.
Thank you so much paul for everything you have taught me and everyone alot of my friends watch your channel also. I hope your last few weeks with us are golden the world isn't going to be the same without you around. Thank you agian for everything you do and have done. I'll keep praying for you
God bless you
Wishing you all the best, and will keep you in our prayers Mr. Harrell. Glad to see your brother Roy stepping in to help.
Good luck to you both
😢
Sad to see him go, but happy for everything we've got. Thanks for your videos, Paul. I'm absolutely sure that before I ever think about owning a gun, I'll come here for sound advice. And welcome Roy, glad to have you here. I'm excited to hear what you've got in store for us, despite the circumstances. I wish you both comfort and peace in these tough and stressful times.
Paul,  Just wanted to let you know that watching you has helped me to practice and drastically improve my own speaking skills.   Your good science, vast experience, and classic sense of humor make the world a better place. Rock on.
So I have been out of the loop for some time. I just saw the EL Presidente drill. Wasn’t sure what was going on but I read the comments I came to realize that Paul has cancer. 😢. Does anyone know what type and how long does he have??
Thanks for your previous video paul
Hello Roy.
Thanks for all the videos over the years, I just got threw watching Paul's single action revolver carry video, love the holiday videos also, take care best wishes Paul! This is Justin from NC
Thank you.
❤
Thank you for everything, Paul.
I’ve been watching your channel for around 5-6yrs and my Grandfather had the same cancer, so I know. I just wanted to tell you thank you for everything you’ve done and all the time you’ve spent making quality content. Again, thank you.
Been watching you for 6+ years now, and all I can say is thank you for every moment you chose to stand in front of the camera...thanks Paul
I’m not crying  You’re crying
Not quite the end, but close. So sad.
Paul, I don't have the words.  We've never met in person but through your informative and entertaining videos I feel like I know you some.  Damn friend, I hate this happened to you!  I am glad though I got to spend some quality video time with you, and that you through your videos will endure for future generations.  Really gonna miss you sir!    Attention!  Behold a great warrior is about to pass from our ranks to Valhalla.   Hello Roy, thank you for taking this over, especially in what must also be a hard time for you and your family.
Thank you Paul.
Thank you for everything, Paul.
I know what this is supposed to be but goddamn this has me choked up eating dinner. I'm praying for you and your family.
Love ya Paul. Thanks for everything sir!
We love you Paul.
Your content has been fantastic and I'm sad to see you go. Godspeed
Thank your for everything Paul. You are indeed a legend.
Love you Paul
Good luck Paul, and thank you.
Hi Paul! Thanks for introducing Roy! Hi Roy! Welcome aboard!
Mad respect, Paul! Thanks so very much for everything. Good luck to both of you.
not like this
Paul and Roy, I'm wishing you and the rest of your family the very best.
Get better soon Paul.  We will always wait for that next upload.
Wow- that was the shortest change of command ceremony I've ever attended.  Good luck Mr. Paul Harrell, you will be missed!!! Good luck, Roy, you have big shoes to fill.
You’ve been a beacon of non-fluff information.  Thank you. Welcome to Roy, but you are ever in my prayers, Paul. You’re a legend.
unsubscribed!
This is hard to hear, bless your soul Paul. Thanks for everything you've done.
Thank you Paul, we all love you. And welcome Roy!
Paul, very saddened to hear of your physical troubles!  Please recover and get back with us.
Hey paul, i keep holding out hope for you but everyone has to go someday. As promised there wont be any pity from me. Because there is nothing to pity, youre an accomlished man and brought me some of the finest content on youtube period. While you still get to read it yourself I want to thank you for being a valuable source of information and enternainment to me as well as always being an inspiring character in general.   Im glad so see Roy with you and im sure youre making the most of your time. Best wishes to you and your family  Also: Hi Roy!
Best wishes Paul.
Godspeed Paul, i always enjoyed your videos and your take on things. I pray for you and your family.
Thanks Paul.  God speed brother.
This hit me hard… I hope for the best possible outcome, Paul.   Hi, Roy.
As a French, I'll be putting my white flag at half-mast for this. Hope to see you back when you get well again soon 🙏
: )
I see the "shatneresque pauses" are hereditary! All jokes aside Paul, we wish you the best. You're what us kids call "a real one". Thanks for all you've done.
I wish you both well.
I'm slightly confused. Obviously something has happened since I see the crutch. I hope it's not permanent. I really dig Paul's personality and knowledge. You know you're getting old when people you see on youtube get sick, hurt, or die. I've started to see more and more of this lately. Getting old sucks. AND, I really hope to Paul come back.
Much love to this channel  and to Paul
Thank u for everything u have done in the the past year u been teaching all of us. I hope u recover much love Paul you are the goat
You were a huge influence and inspiration to me and my firearm safety and information. Thank you so much for everything you do.
No….
I am so grateful for your advice! I do hope that there is a slight chance for you to recover. All my best wishes for you, Paul!
Im very sorry to hear of your condition Paul, Ive been watching your channel for 6+ years at this point and have always enjoyed your content. You will truly be missed and I truly hope you the best in all things, your one of the best, if not the best producer of gun content on the internet. Please take care of yourself and your family as best you can.
Damn, get better Paul. Willkomen Roy, to the other side of the camera.
❤
I usually only use this account to troll but damn, I love you Paul. I'll pray for you.
thanks for everything paul im so sad about this.
Mr. Paul Harrell, your channel was one of the first I stumbled across when I began my firearm ownership and have learned lots of valuable lessons these past few years. I find myself referring new firearm owners I know to your channel because I respect your professionalism mixed with humor. Thank you sir, I look forward to learning from Mr. Roy Harrell.
Please join me in prayer. Almighty God, Father, Creator of all that is and will be, we pray for our brother in his hour of need. Keep him in your hand and heal him. We pray this in Jesus name. Amen.
Welcome, Roy.  Paul, my prayers are with you. Hope for the best for you. You have provided entertainment and information without hyperbole and with just the right amount of humor. Thank you!
o7 Paul
Dang. I teared up a little.
Godspeed
Thanks Roy.  Looking forward to seeing you, brother.
Nice to met you roy, don't be discouraged by an eventual lackluster welcome, we need to become familiar with the change just like you probably need to get familiar with the camera. It will pass as long as you deliver the honest and grounded reviews and guides your brother gave us.
Thank you, Paul. I've missed what has happened to your health. Wishing you all the best.
This got me in the feels
Sad news to hear BUT we will ALWAYS have the "Shasta Pitchman" - "make s better target" video to enjoy. That bit always brightens my day, every time!
Your content has taught me so much over the time I’ve watched your videos. Seeing off the wall memes of you on the internet were always some of the best. Seeing the way you broke things down helped me to teach my dudes new skills when I was still in the army. I’d even incorporate your findings into what I taught since I was a medic and wanted my guys to have a better understanding of what can happen in the body if/when something happened. Thank you for all that you’ve done and for all that you’ve taught me as well as others with your videos. Take it easy.
Mr. Harrell, I pray that God bless you, strengthen you, and lay his healing hand upon you. THANK YOU, THANK YOU for your incredibly knowledgeable information, fact-based analysis, and dry humor. You are a joy and a blessing to all of us.
Thx Paul 4 all the Great info n Vids   Good. Man
Dear Mr. Harrell, Think of the great men of History, those whose blazing lives we admire: The heroes, the role models, the stoic and stalwart and true whom we seek to follow. For us: Include yourself in their number. To us, you stand among them. With us, you will abide forever.
PAUL HARRELL FOR PRESIDENT
I will miss you man😢
Welcome, Roy. And thank you, Paul.
Love ya, Paul. Thanks for everything.
Some of us aren't ready to let go yet, but all I can say is it's been a great privilege having you on the platform all these years and I personally hope it was a rewarding endeavor for you! I personally look forward to Roy's take from here on out but For what it's worth I hope we get to see you one last time before the great shooting competition on the other side!
You’re a real one Paul. Never forget what you’ve done for folks. I’ll be wishing for your speedy recovery. In any event, thanks for the content and fun. You’ll be missed.
Hey Roy! Will be nice to get to know u. Nobody can replace Paul and that's just fine. Blessings to Paul and a big thanks for being there for us all these years.
Paul, you were the first YouTube gun channel I ever watched about 5 years ago. I’ve learned so much - about guns and life - and been entertained by your wit and sense of humor. My father had your same condition about 7 years ago. I know you will fight it with all you have.  Thank you for everything and prayers up for your full recovery. 🙏🏼
If Paul has faith in you, Roy, I have faith.
Stay strong uncle Paul <3
Your race is nearly ran. Though the sun may be setting on this time for you, do not forget that the real thing doesn’t start until after this life. As long as you have rest in Christ, you have certainty that there is the promise of something even greater to look forward to. God loves you. He loves you and He will not let you face this alone. It is my sincerest hope that I get to meet you in person after all is said and done.
we need to stop supporting failed politician and maniac natanyahu. senile biden is giving them our own tax payer money. we pay taxes to support america not a foreign country across the world!!!
Paul, you have other priorities to focus on now, but we all welcome Roy and look forward to hearing his point of view and we know he’ll be a fun watch because he’s your brother. Take care, brothers.
Paul I've been watching your channel since I was a young man fresh out of high school. I'm devastated to hear about your condition. I just wanted to comment saying thank you for taking the time to share your wisdom and expertice with guys like me. I will keep watching this channel as long as you guys keep putting out content.
Paul you're always in our prayers 🙏.. sorry I have to say this but if you have not checked out stereotactic radio surgery please do there's a doctor lederman in New York City who has cured many people with pancreatic cancer.. I'm just trying to be helpful thank you so much for all you've done
I've been praying for Paul every day. An amoral scumbag like Bill Clinton will probably live to 100 but Paul will be taken too soon. Maybe God needs a great man with Him.
Paul, I never commented any of your videos before, but I would like to THANK YOU for everything what you've done for this channel. You are totally different than others regarding reviews and videos about the guns. Calm all the time, professional and man as it should be. You never screamed in your videos, without any explicit words, everything has been clearly explained and I enjoyed all your videos. Please get well and enjoy your life until the end. Thank you again.
Thank you for the years of incredible content. I am more than honored to be a subscriber.
You will be missed your videos will guide newcomers for years just like me.
I've been watching for awhile now, you've always provided the world with witty reliable content. Thank you for all that you've done, you left a positive imprint on the world
God bless you Paul 🙏🏻
Thank You Paul.  Fair Winds and Following Seas!!
I have nothing to say but God bless you Paul - You’ve lived an exceptional life far outside of YouTube, but for the years of high quality information and entertainment - I thank you for that too.  Hello Roy, we look forward to seeing you continue this part of Paul’s legacy!
Thank you, Paul.
Welcome, Roy! Paul, I have learned more from your channel than any other. Thank you for being the Fort Knox of knowledge, information, reason and expertise. You are loved, Sir.
Praying for you brother!
Thank you Paul.
:(
Paul I just wanted to say thank you and goodbye. Me and my dad have loved watching your content for years.  Godspeed.
Hey Paul. Long time listener, first time commenter. I’ve really enjoyed your videos and delivery of info over the years. Praying for you and your family in this difficult time. 🙏
You said you don't want any condolences. So we skip that part.  Thank you for the knowledge, for always sharing it in a way that pollywogs with very little actual trigger time as me could wrap our minds around and well I guess for being the person you are.  To borrow from reagan, most people spend their lives wondering if they made a difference, Paul Harrel does not have that problem.
Hi Roy!
Paul, I’m a bit of a leech when it comes to YouTube, it’s rare that I feel the desire or need to comment.  I consume the content, take what I can from it and move on, sometimes I’ll come back and revisit content if I believe I can gain more from it on a second watch.  I found your videos early on in the pandemic.    At that time I was, and was until very recently, working for a police department in a small city where much of the training we received had become online in lieu of in person, and scarce instead of abundant or even adequate.  Your videos provided information on techniques, ideas for training drills I could work on my own, an abundance of information, and some of it discovered, or at least tested by you in real time which I find to be more compelling than citing an a study or experiment that happened off screen somewhere else.    The net result of all I’ve just said is that your investment into the community motivated me to go out and train on my own, experiment on my own, and thus gain experience.  I haven’t mentioned yet the entertainment value of your content, which is nearly equal to the informational content.  The circumstances being what they are I just wanted to sincerely thank you for your guidance to the community, and to me personally.  Again, thank you.
I'll be praying for you and your family. You've been an inspiration to all of us.
Thank you so much for the fun and informative Mr. Harrell! Hope you have peace.
Sad to see this
The off camera sigh got to me I can’t imagine staring down cancer with the grace this man has, as well as many others who do the same it’s a true inspiration.   It makes you reconsider complaining about this or that to be sure, life is fragile be grateful
Paul, you are the best  ❤ !!!
Paul, you are truly going to be missed. ....................
But you’re not Paul
Godspeed Paul. You’ve always brought warmth to me and my dad when we watched your presentations, along with so much knowledge. May God keep you.
This is going to sound crazy, but please listen and don't outright dismiss me. Do a search for the following: "cancer fenbendazole". A search won't hurt. If you don't like what you see, no harm done and you can call me crazy.
Paul you have done so much for us. I thank you very much
Paul, you're a subject matter expert, a role model, a father figure, you are one of those individuals who touches thousands of lives and we love you.
Thank you for your contribution to the art of shooting, Paul. I’m glad we have your videos as a legacy.
Hey Paul. You can beat this, mate. You've got this.
This is sad
Hi Paul. I know you normally read your comments, so I hope you see this. Thank you for this amazing body of work that you will leave as your legacy. I started watching you about 8 years ago, and in between videos I would go back and watch older videos to catch up. Some of them I have watched several times, and doubtlessly will watch them more. I am a semi-professional firearms instructor, and have tremendously benefitted from this treasure trove of knowledge and inspiration. When you leave the range you will be sorely missed by the firearms community. God bless you and your crew.
Already I have a lot in common with Roy, especially the suspenders, looking for ward to it!! but, Paul sure has raised the Bar.....Best to Paul!!
Thank you! Get well God bless!
Paul, thank you for blessing us all with your wisdom and anecdotes. Truly an unmatched entertainer and teacher. Even though you may not know me, you’ve changed me for the better. Godspeed
Thank you for your dedication to education and entertainment.  You've taught a lot of people and you wisdom is always appreciated.
Thank you for all your hard work and knowledge that you shared with us.
So sorry to see you stepping down. Enjoyed your videos for years.
Paul, I have truly enjoyed all of the videos you have posted over the last few years,  and I wish you the best in whatever your current fight is.  Post as you can. thanks for all the great knowledge.
I have only just heard about this struggle with cancer. I want to say your advice and anecdotes have been a great source of wisdom and inspiration for me over the years, and I am profoundly grateful for all of your hard work, and that of your team.  I'm looking forward to seeing what Roy brings to the channel, once again thank you for everything you have taught me!  Even in these circumstances, I wish you the very best.
thank you for everything paul
Roy, best to you brother
Paul, thank you dude for everything you have done for us and the community. Your ideas and your life experience will live on with all of us forever.
Sucks that your time here will be short.  But at least you shared all of your knowledge with us,  and therefore we're thankfull.  Welcome to the screen Roy,  fill in the big bro shoes!
Mr. Paul, I just want you to know that you've been an incredible resource and a genuinely entertaining individual. Your knowledge has helped me in this hobby immensely and it will continue to help people long after you are gone. I'm writing this comment to you to express how thankful I am that you were here and that you have done all that you have for us and for the love of this hobby and lifestyle. When my children grow older they will know of you and your experience. We will never forget you Mr. Paul, you will live on through the people you have touched in this life. Thank you for everything, catch you on the flipside.
"You be the judge."
Paul, I just wanted to say thank you for your service and for your years of education and excellent instruction. God bless you Sir.
I have a really hard time getting my head around this one, is it a goodbye from Paul or is it a ill see you later, i really hope for the last one ❤️ all the best to you Paul, stay strong and thank you for the many wonderful videos you have given us to learn from and enjoy❤️
#fukcancer
Thank you, Paul. I appreciate all that you've done for us over the years. Take care. Hi, Roy! Welcome to the "family."
Roy, we're all pleased to meet you and look forward to learning from you. Paul, whatever is in store for you, know that you've touched many lives and have secured a legacy as a good man, valued teacher, and role-model. You have a place in the hearts of many who have never even met you, and for that, we're all grateful. Thank you for all you've done and do.
But he said he caught it in time.. 😢 Is it just for other reasons that he's stepping down?
I live in Oregon Paul. I always wondered what I would say if I bumped into you by happenstance. I think I know now, thank you, that's what I'd say. Thank you Roy, you've got some big shoes to fill. Take care Paul, you'll live on in all of us!
My prayers are with you always Paul.
Maybe I'm dense and I know of his diagnosis but is Paul totally finished with the channel or is it a temporary thing? This video can be construed in a few ways.
I'm hoping for the best for you, dear Mr. Harrell. It's very hard to hear this... however, I hope it is only a temporary. Your videos and work are a wonderful asset. Thank you for your dedication and the work of your entire team. I always watch your videos with interest and joy. Thank you for sharing your knowledge and the opportunity to see into your world. Welcome Roy and I wish you a speedy recovery Paul!
The way he's so professional about it just makes it hurt more ;(
Paul there are nearly a million of us who think of you like an old friend and we really want to hear about you getting well. There are hundreds of thousands of us praying for you.
Hey, Roy. I'm sure you know how much we love Paul, but I want to tell you that we're also excited to see your upcoming content and we know you'll keep the channel running strong. You seem very qualified and I'm ready for the content you want to make :)
Thanks Paul I learned so much from you
Great to hear Paul , was great visiting with you at dec. Rickreal , as always !
Thank you, Paul. Thanks for everything you have taught me and for always being a pillar for our community. You are one of the few people in this space that I unequivocally admire and respect. Godspeed, brother.
Welcome aboard
I want to say thank you Paul for all of the great content you’ve churned out over the past several years. I remember first coming across your videos with e Marlin vs Winchester 30-30 video. I’m sure Roy will be a wonderful presenter coming from the same blood as you. I hope you are doing well.
After watching this a second time (because my mind refused to hear the message the first time) I've concluded this is Paul's farewell, done exactly the way Paul wants it done.  I did some searching on the net, & what little info I found is not good news.  Positive thoughts and healing mojo sent.
I had no idea anything was wrong!  I'm so sorry Paul.  I love your videos, no nonsense, concise and accurate.  I love you man.  I don't know what the problem is but I hope you beat it.  Good luck.
Welcome Mr. Roy, you'll do just fine. And Mr. Paul, take care of yourself and never stop fighting! We'll be praying for a speedy- and full recovery!
Paul, my deepest prayers go out to you and yours. I want to thank you for the years of work you put into your channel. I didn't realize it, but somehow I was "unsubscribed" to your channel, gee, I wonder how that happened. I have enjoyed your work and sense of humor for many years. Be kind to yourself. You deserve it. We are praying for you!
When and if I finally have kids they will watch your videos as instructional material for years to come like I myself have. From my experience this channel is one of the best rescources in the community. Thank you Paul for everything.
I got penetrated by this 825 Fps (Feels Per Second) bullet on this one, and It went right through the ribs the lung tissue and all 20 layers of high tech ballistic fleece and the corner of my heart!!
Best wishes, Mr. Harrell. I, like many others, are wishing for your recovery. Stay strong.
Hey Paul, switched from my anonymous/Patron account just to maybe add to the evidence that you have helped so many real people.  We'll probably never have the chance to meet, and it isn't some "parasocial" thing, you really are on my own personal list of teachers that had a great, positive influence on me. It comes through your work that you have a genuine interest in the lives and safety of others, and the pride you take in your work is evident in every episode.  Because of that and your level-headed, professional, logical approach to everything, your channel is ALWAYS the 1st place I recommend any of my friends or family getting into shooting, and especially carrying. To be honest, you may be the only one I have absolutely no hesitation with in that regard.  I personally look forward to learning something new in every single episode, and always enjoy your dry sense of humor. My wife and kids frequently catch me smiling and ask "what?!" since I usually listen with headphones... you may or may not appreciate this, but I will never not see your parodies on the rare occasions we have Pop Tarts lol.  Thank you for everything; I'm really hoping for the best for you, Bill
May God have mercy on us. I am going to miss you Paul I always looked up to you as one of the few male role models I have.
Mr. Harrell, I just want to take this opportunity to thank you *profusely* for your incredibly educational, inspiring, fascinating and, of course, completely *addictive* presentations. There are very few channels which I binge watch (I can count them on one hand) - and yours is absolutely one of these. Among all your attributes which I really appreciate is your wit, and unique dry sense of humor. I trust that you have put the right people with the right qualifications in charge of this “thing of yours” (including your own brother), and it will be very good. However, it won’t be the same. And I know that you don’t take too well to compliments, and that you would rather not hear this…..but fuck it, *You will be sorely missed in our community and we all love you.* Please take care of yourself & *Godspeed Paul Harrell And Thank You For Your Service*
This had to be extremely hard to film. Good luck Roy! Itll get easier as you go.
Just want to say thank you for everything, Paul...the firearm reviews, the range tips, the anecdotes, and especially all of the many holiday videos that helped many of us survive those often dreary occasions. You are a national treasure to so many of us. God bless and keep you.
Praying for ya Uncle Paul
This one fits my hand better than this one does.  :(
Hey Paul, we appreciate everything you've done for us, it's educational, it's entertaining, and you've always been the most level headed and well-spoken gun-related content on the internet, you're an amazing guy and we love you. You've been through some shit in life and I'm sure you can still beat cancers ass, best of luck to you.
Thank you for providing us with content and the self-defense education that you given us graciously for over a decade, Mr. Harrell.  God bless you sir.
Thank you sir
Roy……..welcome
Dear Paul, belive in Jesus, because He has alredy taken away your illness. Take His healthiness and trust in Him that you will get well. Say that "I'm healthy". Be brave to fight and win!
So long, and thanks for all the knowledge.
G-D bless you Paul. Thank you for your service to our nation and teaching.
Will miss you Paul. Enjoy your time with your family.
Damn.   Oooorah to ashes man.     Been a pleasure
Semper Fi.
Dang gunna miss you Paul! Just found your channel within the last year it's very educational and funny! Your a great guy with awesome morals. Thanks for all the insight and advice. Gunna watch allot of your videos hope they stick around awhile.
Love you Paul. And nice to meet you Roy, looking forward to how this channel will move forward with you. Honestly it just shows how much of a stand-up guy Paul is that even while dealing with his own issues, he's looking out for us and making sure we keep getting the good, educational content he has provided for over a decade. I'll still be here, and best of luck to you Paul. God bless.
Mr. Harrell, your opinions may not originate in the mind of greatness, but your life lessons do. You have been an invaluable resource to Americans and gun owners the world over.   Thank you, sir. Godspeed.
Ive said it before a long time ago on a video, but paul is like that grandpa we all learn from when we least expect it.   I havent kept up with videos because of goofy youtube and such. But paul i appreciate every single video you have made. Every joke every ounce of your heart and soul.   I will be praying for you, i pray also that you know the lord Jesus Christ.
Godspeed, Paul. Welcome, Roy!
My God, this is way more painful than I expected. Probably all the more because of the absolute manhood and stoicism Paul displays about the whole thing.  It’s like watching an old lion fight for its life but never lose its spirit and defiance.
Paul. I just wanted to thank you for all of the time and dedication that you have put into your channel. I have enjoyed your videos for a long time. Your knowledge, experience, and sense of humor cannot be replaced. I have grown to respect you more than any other firearms content provider that I have seen and have always looked forward to your videos - typically dropping everything that I am doing to watch as soon as I see a new one is available. While I wish you had many more years, I now wish that you are able to enjoy the time that you have left with your family and loved ones. As you can see by the comments on this thread alone, you are leaving a huge mark on the firearms community and I sincerely thank you for that.
Paul I have tuned in to your channel for many years. Thank you for providing such interesting content. God bless!
Thank you, Paul, for your service. To your country, community, and for educating us all on the timeless, old school techniques that will always be relavant as the tac fads pass. We love you Paul and so does Jesus. God bless.
Ayo mista white
Wanted to add... Paul, Roy, and Crew; Content be damned-you guys have done more than enough for all of us-take what time you have left together, and run with it... We're just a bunch of knotheads who have been blessed to connect with you through this platform, and as much as I'd like to be so selfish as to want whatever interaction that there's time for, nobody here deserves it-go, be with your friends and family...  I'm so very sorry... All the best man...  Jesse
Hi there, Roy!  Glad to have you aboard and I am keeping Paul in my prayers.  Hiccups are expected and can be fun.
You’re a good man, Paul
Roy, nice meeting you. Any friend/brother of Paul’s,,, we’re looking forward to seeing your take on life. Good intro.
Thank You Paul, Stay Strong and get Well Soon.
Hello Roy! We're right behind you and Paul. Paul, you are everyone's lovable uncle. I've been a fan of yours since the Disco Music Intro days. I love you like family. I'll always be praying for your and your brother. Sending good vibes from the Philippines. Bless you man. And as always...
Thank you Paul. Sincerely, from Puerto Rico, thank you. I'm 23 years old and you've taught me a ton! Wherever this goes, you're a fucking legend.
Paul, enjoy retirement, you've earned it. I have sincerely enjoyed your insight, knowledge, and even the criticism of what has become the " gun community". It is now on all of us to continue with the vast amount of work you've put in. As far as the future of the channel, while no one can replace your personality, I'm sure your brother is the best person to carry on the legacy you've created and I hope to see him do well running things his way. We love ya man.
hi Paul, likely will get buried in the comments but I just wanted to say it's been an honor learning from you. I wish you and your family all the best in these times. Godspeed, friend.
God bless you Paul.  I’m 58 and have 4 sons 22-30.  We all shot together as they were growing up but less so as they went away to college and careers. However, it was your videos that we started watching and sharing with each other that brought shooting sports back into family get togethers. Your no nonsense, no drama, just the facts delivery lead to many discussions between us all.  We all wish you the best and we all thank you for bringing an important sport back to us.
Thanks for all the years of education and entertainment you’ve provided all of us Paul. We all love you.
You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers. Your channel has always been a diamond in the dark cesspit of youtube trash and something wholesome I could watch with my father. Thank you.
We miss you already paul!
Paul- As a 34-year-old former LEO, a husband, and a father, I thank you for your lessons and for helping us prepare and strive to maximize our time here on Earth.  Roy- Welcome. You are an asset to your family and this community. We look forward to learning from you.
You’re a man of upstanding character Paul.
Mr Harrell. Please keep making YTs - short, long, or anywhere in-between; and for any reason: shooting, outdoor cooking, or even speaking w/ a Shatner-esque delivery. ;-)   If I may speak for us PH admirers, we are up for any/all of them.  Brother Roy seems a-okay but we want, "old boots" stuff still, too. You ARE what we call a professional,  "And thanks for" reading this comment, A L/T Paul Harrell Production guy.
I don't like how do many people are talking about Paul like he's gone. The man is a warrior. He's still with us until he's not. Stop writing eulogies. Roy, I'm looking forward to you taking over until Paul can resume his post.
I appreciate all the videos and you sharing your knowledge and insight on the subject for us all. Ive learned a treasure trove from you Paul. And I know I speak for the mass majority of the gun community and especially on Youtube when I say those things. It was and is tough for me to think about your situation eventho we have never met. I've just watched you on your Youtube channel for years. I don't know why myself and others as I've heard feel that way but we do. Anyway, I just wanted to thank you directly and let you know I appreciate what you done sir. You made a big difference for the better in this place. I wish you to have as much confort and peace as possible. 🦺🍖🥩🥓🍊🤜🏻🤛🏻✌🏻🐍🇺🇸
Saying you are law enforcement is much more of a gun disqualification than a qualification. Former, maybe but current no.
god bless you paul.
Love you Paul. You are the source of real information.  Tough shoes to fill. Blessings brother..
Hello Roy.  We will miss you, Paul.  We have learned a lot from you
Paul you're an awesome dude. I'd like to extend a warm welcome to your brother as well. Still hoping for the best.
I am here for the long haul Paul. Best of luck and Godspeed.
Hi Paul. I'm a 71-year-old guy who has been disabled since 2010. That is relevant only because it has given me time to pursue other areas. I focused on my guitar skills and performing folk music shows for several years. By 2018 that ended. Then I rediscovered how much I love shooting. Yours is one of the channels I used to gain the knowledge I didn't have especially with pistols and ammo testing. Your humor is dry like I've been told mine is which is funny given that I was one of our main clinical skills trainers my last decade in the mental health field. Mainly wanted to say thank you. My original rifle and hunting teacher was my Army Sgt dad in rural Arkansas. I guess rural Arkansas is an oxymoron since most of the state is rural. Our area was more backwoods near the Ouachita River in the Ouachita Mtns. It seemed right to have you teaching from an area of the woods that looked a bit like home. I understand the short time and plan to work on my shooting skills with an old buddy of mine until we can't do it any longer. The meat target will remain my favorite target. I even forgive you for not liking my favorite Underwood loads. I am forced to use a 380 due to nerve damage though the new S&W Equalizer allows easier shooting of 9mm. The Underwood Extreme Defender is what I trust in 380 and use in 9mm too. My dad's Winchester Model 94 from the good years remains my deer rifle as I hunt brush. Take care and enjoy what you can as long as you can. That's just what I decided to do. Many close calls in the hospital but still here for now.
You are one in a million sir, thank you for all you have done.🤙
Paul:  you have given so much knowledge, competence and influence to the gun community thanks to your videos.  I will always appreciate the dedication to the sport, and the life lessons you’ve dispersed.   While your time is being unfairly cut short, know that you will not be forgotten, your legacy will live on in your brother, your family, but also in your influence on others.   Not everyone grew up with an influential role model such as yourself, and while i doubt youd be so boastful as to accept that, you have done a large part to act as that for thousands.    Not every lesson youve made has been formed in the “mind of greatness” but far more than you’d admit would be right at home there.   I lost my mom over a two week period, as cruel as it is, you have a small blessing in knowing its coming. Dont let things go unsaid.    All i could tell my mom was that she prepared me to continue on without her, and her lessons will carry me through.  You have done the same Paul, for hundreds of thousands of people.
You will be missed Paul. I found my way into the firearms world a few years back and you were my number one person to go to for questions and examples and yada yada. I know my holidays will never be the same without your specials. I hope you enjoy your time as best as you can. We love and thank you paul
Paul, I'm at a loss for words. This is hard to watch. Thank you for everything you've taught us over the years. Hang in there brother, God bless you.
Hey Paul you may not see this but thanks for everything and I will NEVER accept any substitution for real pop tarts fair winds and following seas.
Praying for you Paul, whatever happens, let it be Gods will. We love you man.
See you on the other side brother. I really love your channel. Prayers to u and your family
Paul, thank you sir for imparting with us your experiences and lessons. I truly am thankful for your videos and your ability to teach us through video. My first pistol was as Beretta 92 FS and my ability to shoot it is in large part to your intro to 92FS / M9 video. Thank you sir.
😢 we love you Paul
Thank you sincerely for all that you have done.
Was it the poptarts?
God be with you, sir.
Thanks for all of the wisdom and dry humor you have shared with us over the years Paul. Wishing you well on your next adventure!
🙏🏼praying for Paul
I saw the host of silent angels waiting on their own. Knowing that all the promises of faith come alive when you see home.   sorry that song came to my heart when I heard all this.
Thank you for the wisdom brother.
I dont sub many channels on youtube, yours has been on my list since I first saw it.  I wish you well, and hope you are able to find peace as you progress.
Paul, you are a true American classic, I don't know what we will do without your Shatner-esque pauses but Godspeed you and yours are in my prayers
Badass, sticking around as instructed
perhaps a ruse for the benefit of the angry stalker ex.. Paul's hopefully heading to a tropical island while Roy holds it down. 😂
I don't tune in often but i enjoy your videos when its a review or topic I am interested in. God bless and good luck
I heard you read all of the comments so I just want to tell you that you were a real gem on this platform Paul, we're going to miss you. The wealth of knowledge you leave behind is priceless and people will be watching it for decades to come. Thanks for everything.
I pray to God, the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit for your recovery. I pray with the saints and the Holy Theotokos that you will persevere. God bless.
Hi there.
Paul, thank you for everything you have done for us and for this community - I can say this with certainty - you are truly an invaluable person on this earth, and have touched the lives of those who you have met and even those who you have never heard of. Keep fighting the good fight till the end and finish strong.   -Romans 10:9-11 -1 Peter 5:10-11
Paul, I took a break from Youtube for 6 months to come back to this. I know you do not want whiney sobbery. But I am proud to know you did this work, touched this many people, and dealt with the problems of success, one way or another.   Ill just say Ill look forward to seeing your continued work. No matter what.
You've impacted people from all over the world with your content and that is quite a legacy. I probably wouldn't have put in the effort, expenses and time to obtain a gun license here in Poland if it weren't for your videos. Thanks for getting me started on the journey and Godspeed!  Also, good luck to you, Roy. You've got some big shoes to fill but I'm sure you'll do well. Looking forward to the new content!
Paul, I haven't known of you for very long, but when the day comes I hope you find peace. I appreciate the work you've done.
God Bless you Paul. YOu have provided so much to this community and we are all keeping you in our prayers.
God bless you both
Best wishes for good health Paul.  Hello Roy and we look forward to your work.
Hey I don't know if you'll be able to read thus Paul, but I just wanted to say that I have really appreciated your content, I have always found your content very informative. We will greatly miss you Paul.
Ohhh the pain! This hurts on another! level booo hoo,  Stfu and go get laid
Praying for you, Paul....wish you nothing but the best
Nice to meet you Roy! Paul, we’re praying for your health and well-being. Thank you for all of the great content.
Ive yet to understand what the deal is even after watching the last few videos. Pauls health is his own business but im just curious to what or how long this change is going to be.
Be sorry to see you go Paul. Your channel has always been very informative and the delivery of the presentations entertaining. Incredible stoicism. Hopefully we can see some more of your anecdotes and your legacy continues on with Roy.
God Bless Sir.
Wishing you the best of luck and a speedy recovery if it's possible. You are truly one of a kind creator. With that said, I'll welcome the rest of the crew with open arms if that is your wish. Godspeed to you sir.
I’m sure you don’t have time to read all these comments Paul but we’re all going to miss and your wise words if the worst happens. If there’s something you can be sure of is the impact you’ve had on all of us and the firearms community as a whole.
Paul, long time sub here. You’ve done more with this channel than most people would be able to in many lifetimes. Thank you for the incredible content, advice, and tutelage you’ve provided to the community. You will be sorely missed.
Thank you for the content and humor Paul!  I look forward to seeing Roy's content.  Wishing you nothing but the very best!
Thank you for all the years of amazing content, Paul! We all will miss you very much!
Remember to keep the email for this account active so youtube doesnt remove the content. God bless
God bless you Paul. Until we see you again.
We would all love to hear from you till the very end Mr. Harrell,I’m excited for Roy’s stories as well
I know he doesn’t like to be showered with compliments but Paul Harrell is a legend and one of the baddest men who has ever lived on this earth
You're a legend Paul
Welcome Roy, eager to see what you put out. Paul, you will be referenced and and known as one of the best for many generations to come. We are lucky to live in an era where your legacy exists in a tangible format. Much love to you and your family.
Thank you so much for everything, Paul. You will always be legendary and your content will always be an invaluable, unique approach to data in a varying degree of realistic scenarios.   Thanks for stepping into these giant shoes Roy. I'm sure they fit you well.
https://youtu.be/LkqgupffSsY?si=sH-K4d7FRrSaSjBB
Wishing you the best Paul. I've always loved your content. You have reached a lot of people and passed on a wealth of knowledge to us. Thank you for everything!
Miracles do happen. Even though I don’t know you personally Paul I’m still praying for one.
IFunny brought me here, hope you get above 1M before you pass friend
We're gonna miss you Paul. We welcome your brother Roy. Ill pray for a miracle for you, Paul. And ill pray that in lieu of that miracle, your last days will be filled with peace, joy and meaning.
Hello Roy! Hope you got big feet
Thank you Paul for everything you have done . The world is a better place with you in it. Wishing you a full and speedy recovery.
Wait, what!? I just stepped out for a minute and whats going on?
The legacy continues, love you paul❤ Welcome roy!
Thanks paul, going to miss you
Well done Paul. Well done.👍
Thank you, pual you have taught me so much.
Thankyou so much for everything you've done for us Paul, glad your brother can continue sharing your important messages.  As a young man I very much look up to you.
God bless you sir. 🙏🙏🙏
Please, Mr. Harell, get well
Please, Mr. Harell, get well
Please, Mr. Harell, get well
Please, Mr. Harell, get well
We love you Paul. Welcome Roy.
What everyone else has said. Also, thank you for always being a calm, cool and collected voice of reason in this community. You're the man Paul. Also welcome Roy.
Thank you for everything Paul.
Mr. Harrell.... You have got to FIGHT, my friend!... Fight for you life... Don't let Cancer win!.. We wish you the best of luck!... It is probably one of the worst things that can happen to a person... Maybe not the absolute worst, but it is up there.... God Bless You and I will Pray for your Quick Recovery...
That sigh really hit home.
God speed Paul  thank you for everything!
Hello Roy. Thank you Paul for the hours of education.
What the hell is going on!?! Somebody fill me in!!
This really hits hard…
Godspeed Paul Harrell
godspeed Paul
God bless you for everything you’ve done for the community. I pray for a miracle but short of that you will be sorely missed.
Thank you for teaching me so much.
Godspeed, Paul.
It will be interesting to hear Roy’s takes on upcoming topics.  Will you still be involved in production?   I really liked any analysis you provided and your thoughts on the subject at hand I personally found valuable.  If your up to it it could be interesting to see you both going back and forth in the “boring part where you talk”
Thanks for the years of good information
Damn. This is a rough one.
We love you Paul. You've meant a lot to thousands of strangers. You've given us a wealth of knowledge. What we want to know is.. What can we do for you?
Hi Paul. Thank you so much for everything you've done.
Thank you Paul for years of top notch thorough content and highbrow humor.
It really makes me angry when things I like don't last forever.  All of this is only test but my patience is just about exhausted.
Thank you for stepping up for your brother Roy. And God bless you Paul.
Paul, youre the best.
Very saddened by this news. I got into making youtube videos because of all the people i would watch. You are one of those people. I will never be as cool or professional as you good sir. We welcome your brother and look forward to the legacy to continue. I will be praying for you. We all love you and will miss your content and awesome personality.
God bless you sir, you are the Best on YouTube and I'm not just saying that! All the best to you and your family!❤
Thank you for everything paul! I hope you beat this thing!
Thank you for you holiday specials, your thanksgiving special is my favorite thing about thanksgiving.
This hurts. Im sorry to see this happening, you'll be in my prayers Paul.
Fuck. I don't even know what to say.  Paul, you've helped me to become a better shooter and, dare I say, a better person. I've been watching your videos for years and have always looked forward to them, and to learning something new, or even just a new perspective on knowledge I already have. You've always been informative while being very aware and admitting your own bias, always encouraging us to think and judge for ourselves. That's a rare quality on here.   I don't know you, and have never met you. Considering that, this news hurts more than maybe it should. It's hard to explain.  I don't know if you're religious, but in any case I am genuinely praying for you to pull through, or at the very least to go in peace, and for your family. I know it sounds trite, but please trust me when I say that it means something to me to do that.  Please remember the profound impact you've had on so many people in your time here. Thanks for everything.
Hi Roy. Poor Paul. Stay strong. God speed!
I can’t put to words how I feel. I just want to tell you how much I love you man while I can! ❤
My name is Roy as well what’s up?
Paul, we're all going to miss you.  God Bless and keep the faith!
I hope you pull through Mr.Harrell, you have been a bottomless pit of knowledge over the years. It feels wrong saying this, but if you lose your battle with that monster I just wanted to say thank you for the the wealth of knowledge and making my holidays with your specials a little less lonely. Take care.
Thank you for the work you have done on this channel Paul, in particular your video on mass shootings is one that has had a tremendous impact on how I view that issue. Best of luck with the trials and tribulations you have before you.   I wish you the best of luck, and hope that Roy is successful in his path as well.
Keep Fighting Paul You are an American Legend
God bless and wish you all the best Paul. You’ve had a bigger impact on people than most could dream of.
😢
I’ve been watching you since I was in highschool almost 10 years ago. You have been a wealth of information and great example to follow. All the best wishes to you Paul
Paul Harrell is a true badass.
Hi Roy, welcome. Hi Paul, thanks for all the hard work you've done comparing things and preparing meat targets for us over the years. I'm a bed bound paraplegic so your content has been part of my staying sane by having entertaining things to watch.
Paul,you will never know how many people love you like an old friend. I am sure things will be better over there.
I am of a similar vintage, and have been a long time viewer. This is my first comment as I've been happy to watch and read. It's been a great pleasure. Your character and humor on camera are unparalleled. I have no doubt off camera you are the same. Thank you for sharing your time and life lessons with us -  it's been instructive and such fun. I'm happy your brother will continue the Harrell voice.  I truly salute the life you have lived.  Thoughts are with you and your family. God bless.
Paul, my family and I really enjoyed your videos, your stories, and your creativity. Your holiday videos became a tradition to watch.  We will continue to enjoy them.  Thanks so much for all the hard work you put into your channel.  Thank you for your service to this great country.
This is extremely heart breaking to see. I hope something akin to a miracle occurs and you can return and possibly even have your brother Roy stay as well. Keep on fighting. Roy, happy to have you continue making content we all love to see in Pauls stead.
Godspeed sir,  we hardly knew ya.
I wish you well, Paul! And welcome to Roy!
Fuck, it feels like I'm losing a family member. Paul, if you see this, thank you so much for the content over the years that I've watched nonstop and fallen asleep to. You've not only helped me become more knowledgeable about firearms but how to be a better man. You are a king among men. Rest easy.
Thank you Paul for everything!
Hello Roy!  But Paul, thank you so very much. I don't comment a lot but I've been learning from your videos for years. I've gone through a lot in the time I've been watching your work, I've always appreciated your clear cut and informative way of presenting things. Your face and voice are very familiar for me. I hope you see this and that it doesn't get buried. While we would all love to hear more of your stories and anectdotes, please spend as much time with your family as you can. I've lost people myself and wished for nothing more than that I got to spend more time with them. Thank you for everything, Paul.
You're the man, Paul. I'll keep you in my thoughts during my next range trip.  Thanks a lot
Prayers for you, Mr. Harrell.
Give em hell Paul
Wish you the best of health.
I've learned a lot from your videos. Thank you.
God bless
Hey Paul, as a 35-year-old engineer living in Turkey who has been watching you for the last 6 years, enjoying your shooting and anectodes. Thank you for all. You taught me things I could not find here. Godspeed and thank you for introducing your brother.
Hello Paul.  I hope you realize how much of a positive impact you have had on so many peoples lives. I love watching your videos. I cant wait for my nephews to be old enough to watch these with me.
Good luck Paul.
Paul   Mad respect for you  All the best  👍
Take care Paul. We’ll never forgot about your meat targets.
One final shatneresque...   pause
F!@#....
Roy, welcome. I'm happy you have decided to take this on. Paul, thank you for everything.
You're an inspiration to all who watch you Paul.
Thank you Paul.
I wish you nothing but the best Paul, god bless
Paul, you are THE best there is. No one even comes close to your level eloquence, knowledge, humility, and genuine love for what you do.
Thank you Paul for educating, experimenting, and amusing us on this silly little thing called youtube. From novice to expert, I feel confident stating your videos have been informative and fun whilst learning what is the best caliber speed and weight to penetrate jeans, pork ribs, and eradicate water watermelons.  Based on your “opinion” I have structured my collection to prep for TEOTWAWKI, however unlikely. I hope for the easing of any pain that may occur. Prayers for you brother.
Gonna miss ya Paul, you're cool as hell
Best of luck to you and your brother Roy
Paul I can't express how grateful I've been for your knowledge, dry humour, and annecdotes these past few years. You've shared so much time with this community and I'll always cherish the distant but important role you've played in my life as a young man. Your videos have given me hours of bonding and conversation with my brother, and your channel was an island for me in a very rough period of my life which has fortunately passed. You've been and will continue to be a role model for me, thank you with all my heart for the time you've given us
I'll be here for it, thanks for the years of education, Paul.  Wishing you the best 🤙
Paul, we wish you the best in your fight. Hi, Roy. Glad to know you are picking up the work for Paul. Its a great channel and I look forward to your future work.
Thank you, Paul, for all the stories, all the science, all the math, and all the knowledge. You always bring the data, and make me smile about it.
Cya chief
Hey Paul , Love and respect from India , I am a long-time subscriber of your channel . Really sorry , will miss your videos a lot . Take care . You are a good man . Om Shanti 🕉 🙏🏻
Last winter me and some friends tried Dutch oven cooking in the field. Thanks to your videos and guidance that trip set the stage for many more to come. You’re appreciated more than you know!
Keeping you in my thoughts and prayers Paul.
I rarely ever comment on YouTube but Paul you are the best. You have taught me so much and my family (including my 10 month old daughter) is so much safer thanks to what you have taught me. You have done the world a great service by passing on your knowledge. Godspeed and thank you.
Mr. Harrel, you sir have blessed us all with your legacy by sharing your wealth of knowledge, and are a phenomenal example of how a good man should conduct themselves. You have my respect, God speed sir.
Poignant.  Truest warmth & regard for Paul.   Hello Roy.
I'm sorry to hear about your condition Paul.  My father passed from pancreatic cancer.  Don't worry too much about the channel and focus on yourself.  We are all sending our prayers.
Thanks Paul.
Paul active duty marine here I cannot imagine how you and your family are going through this right now I wish you best in you next chapter and I pray for your family as well as you. You have taught me almost everything I know about firearms safety  and practical applications of them. You arey favorite YouTuber......semper Fi brother.
While I am greatly saddened to see Paul go, I am glad that we get to see his brother Roy and the crew continue the channel. Hopefully, Paul will continue to make appearances for as long as he is able!
I’m still hoping that this all has a happy ending but feels like it unfortunately won’t. I just want to thank you for the years of entertainment and advice you’ve given, and if it is the end, you’ll be sorely missed. But I’ll be sure to show Roy my full support for the future of this channel
Uhm what did I miss????
You taught us so much and I want to say thank you for everything, Paul.
Thanks for all the good times
Hi Paul,  Very saddened to hear the news.  Please know that yours has been one of the best YT channels for me.  Many firearms-related channels want to show "fun things the presenter can do with guns you can't buy" or "blow stuff up with guns" or similar entertainment-focused channels.    While I always find your channel entertaining, its real value is the fact that you are always frank in your discussions and you approach your topics with a great deal of experience and research.  I always come away with something new that helps me.  Godspeed, my friend.
Thank you for all you've done for us, Paul.  And God Bless you on a speedy recovery.
We love you, Paul ❤
Welcome to our family Roy.I will miss Paul and hope that we will see him in the future. I have learned a lot from him. I hope to keep learning from you.
paul if you only knew how much /k/ loves you
Paul, I have spent countless hours watching your videos and learning from your experiences. You are a wealth of information and your sincere demeanor is truly one of a kind. I wish you strength and peace during this time. Thank you for all that you have devoted to our community.
Thank you for everything Paul!
Love you brother Paul!  You will live longer!
Hi Roy.
We love you, brother. Be well, Paul.
Paul, you have been the best source for no BS content and have been a grounding force for the community.   Your advice put many things ccw related into perspective for me as a younger man.  Just know that you are loved by many, and your influence will be felt long into the future.  Go with God into your next journey.  Roy, you have my deepest sympathies for you and yours in this situation.  Please do not feel as though you are expected to replace Paul.  We will be with you during this transition period with the channel and I know I look forward to what you have to offer.
Saw on Reddit that Paul has a couple weeks left, Thank you Paul and bless you with a pleasant passing...  My Dad passed  away form the same cancer....
Thanks Paul, Hello Roy.
Paul, I have sincerely enjoyed your videos. Your sense of humor and subject knowledge are an inspiration.
Paul you are a great man.
Well, I guess I should resub so I won't be out of the loop anymore. Sorry to hear the news. Your channel helped me a lot when I first started carrying over a decade ago.  Thanks for being.
Hey Paul, I’m sorry to hear about your diagnosis and your prognosis. I want to thank you for all the information and videos you have put out over the years. God bless you and your family, may you all reunite.
Paul, you are a born storyteller, mentor, and teacher. I admire so many things about you, but especially your intellect, logic, thoroughness, integrity, earnestness, sense of humor and self-deprecating humor, and of course vast knowledge of firearms, cartridges, and the shooting arts. Thank you for sharing all of this with us and for enriching our lives!
Hey Paul,  You've provided us all with information and entertainment throughout the years that is truly in a class of its own, your content has always been my favorite no matter the subject manner. l had the pleasure of shaking your hand and talking for a bit during the Rickreall gun show back in 2022 and since then whenever the topic of "meeting famous people" comes up in conversation I proudly say that I've met you. Just before my 20th birthday I was diagnosed with cancer so I have some idea how it feels to be diagnosed, if all goes right I'll be four years cancer free in May. Compared to your case mine was child's play, I'd live through it again if that meant you'd be cured. For a lot of your subscribers you're like the cool gun loving uncle we never had, myself included. Praying for your recovery, we're all rooting for you Paul.  PS: sorry for the rambling!
We love you Paul, thanks for everything you've given us and I hope you are blessed and wish you all the best with however long you are with us, which I hope is a long time.
wow thanks for all the videos Paul 🙏
God speed Paul.  Prayers to get well and make the best of the time you have.
Thank you Paul for all your work over the years, you have provided us all with so much knowledge and have helped the firearms community so much!
Big mistake not taking time off from work in 2023 to use my chance to meet Paul
Praying for you, Paul. Thank you for all of the guidance, knowledge, and wisdom that you have shared with all of us.  🙏
Dude are you about to fucking die?
Thank you for everything, Paul.
Damn it.
)-;
Thank you Roy for taking on the channel and continuing to educate us viewers on firearms, this is definitely time to spend with your family and we'll be waiting for when you post your first video.
Paul, for years my 2 brothers, our friends, and I all bonded over our shared love and admiration for you. Your humor is amazing and you have always been a great male role model in many ways, especially your dedication and character. Among countless other things, you created hundreds of presentations where you will continue to be my role model and many others for a very long time. I will forever miss your Shatneresque... pauses and forgiving the sounds of gunfire in the background but I know I'll also be rewatching your videos all the time. From the bottom of my heart, thank you for every anecdote, every dawn of time explanation, every meat target and new and improved high tech fleece bullet stop, and every story you shared with us. I treasured those stories like you wouldn't believe. You are a great man, I love you paul. -Clay
I have been watching your videos since i was a kid in highschool. Im now a 27 year old man that actually own a gun shop. Paul i am heartbroken. I had to see my father go through cancer and i saw how evil it is. Cancer has taken so much away from all of us and i am so sorry its going to take you away from us. I would be a liar if i said i didnt shed a tear over this. God speed Paul. You've been a stoic inspiration through your ordeal.
We all love you Paul. Thank you so much for all the education.
Thanks so much for all the great content over the years, sir.
@Paul Harrell i hope you see this man. I know you dont know me but you have been such a resource for me, my brother and our dad. Thank you so much and please know that we are praying for you. Been watching you since the beginning. Thank you and the crew for everything over the years. Much love from South MS.
Right around the time my grandfather passed away i found your channel on youtube. The way you speak and your antics really remind me of the way he was. You really helped fill that void and your anecdotes and expirments were always so insightful.  Thank you for everything Paul. We love you and God bless the rest of your journey.
Paul we love you brother! I hope you know you've really helped me to become quite the gun nerd and I've been truly appreciative of all the info you've given me. For absolutely free too. Thankyou Paul. And although it's not under the best circumstances, I am looking forward to learning with Roy the same way. Thankyou again guys, hope you have a great night
Thank you Roy for continuing your brothers legacy, you didn't have to continue the channel, we all understand.  May your remaining days be peaceful and blessed Mr. Paul Harrell.
Paul I hope you know how much you have helped so many people. Your content has been both educational and entertaining. You’ve passed on a wealth of knowledge that I’ll always be grateful for. From the bottom of my heart, thank you! And thank you for introducing us to Roy, the channel is in good hands. Praying for you and your family during this time, hoping there are plenty of Pop Tarts and soda jugs in heaven!
Paul, I am praying for you. I just found out. Long time viewer first time commenting i think. Thank you for sharing your wisdom and I look forward to learning from Roy as well. Please be faithful in Jesus.
Things change. Keep up the fight Paul ! God bless all of your family.  Had a shocker myself.  Just before Christmas my older brother had a stroke and it was not a mild one .  Keep up the good fight and we will  rally up later.  Thank you for all that you have done for the community and God bless you for all the information over the years!  As for your brother stepping in  , I commend you and look forward to the next posting that is coming!  Blessings to you all!
Paul is a national treasure. 🙏🫶
Hey fella, Thank you for the hours of content. I know you only have a few weeks left and I'm unsure if you're even reading these, but all your time ans effort is so appreciated. Thank you for being the favorite uncle I've never met.   Travel well, Paul.
Paul, it grieves me to know that you will no longer be with us soon. But your legacy will live on, in our memories and on YouTube and through your brother Roy 🙏🏻 PS - had my bout with cancer seven years ago. I had a good prognosis but still almost lost my life. I can’t imagine knowing it as a certainty. Much love Paul, thank you, you are an honorable man of whom I admire greatly. I hope to see you on the other side some day.
I just wanted to thank you, Paul, while there’s still have a chance you’ll see it. Your videos have been immensely helpful, and your clarity of thought and precision with words are as refreshing as they are rare.  I and so, so many other people will continue to absorb the thoughts and perspectives that you’ve captured in this incredible archive, and I’m truly grateful for that.  Thanks again for all of it!
Paul, thank you. You are one of the best, straight talk information sources I know of. Your generous sharing of wisdom has been tremendously helpful in learning everything from hunting techniques to taking my own defense seriously. I can't thank you enough. Best wishes
Thank you, Paul Harrell. I have learned SO MUCH from you over the years. My firearms experience would not have been the same without you.
Roy, don't leave home without the…Shatneresque pauses. We be thankin' ya!
God blesses and keeps you and yours always. Lifting and furthering you. Christ came to bear this heaviest stone of our existence. let go. give it to Christ.
Love you Paul!!!
Thank you for everything, Paul
I appreciate all you have done. So sorry.
I've learned a lot from you over the years Paul, and had fun doing it. All the best my friend and all the best to Roy in continuing your channel 😊
I think what you're going to find out, is that we only partially watched for firearms knowledge. Paul, you're a great dude. You don't have to put out ANY content for us. You could call it quits for good and so long as you're in good health, that's all that matters to me.
Paul, even though we knew this was coming rapidly it is still very hard to hear. May you find peace.  Know that you have very positively changed our lives.  We truly appreciate all the time you spent teaching us and making us laugh, it has made a strong possivie impact in us. Roy welcome you have very big shoes to fill, but I am confident in you. Once more thank you so very much Paul.
Paul, I’m an active duty marine and you have taught me so much, and kept me interested in learning more and more about firearms/ 2A. You are an inspiration to the whole gun community. Thank you for everything you have done.
I've appreciated all you've done, and I'm praying for you Paul!
Paul, I am sorry that you are retiring, and I hope that all will be good for you!
Roy, good luck with everything, we will be here for you. Paul, thank you for everything you have done for us. Your wisdom will stand the test of time. God bless you sir and may God provide some comfort. /SALUTING YOU (Cavalry).
Much love to you brother, a long time ago my grandmother helped me to understand that life is short and the only bad time is wasted time. From that I developed a life philosophy:  “Live well, die well.”  I can’t imagine how much strength it takes for you to push through this moment in your life. But, you’re an inspiration and a truly blinding light of hope to so many. You lived well, and you should be proud of what you have built.
Man.  Paul you’re the man.  Praying for you.
I've been subscribed to your channel for over 6 years. Thank you for all the information, well-thought out explanations, and entertainment. In a community where gun-myths and misinformation spread quickly, you videos have been invaluable at cutting through the BS. I truly hope the best for you and the time you have left with your family and friends.  "Shatner-esque ....pauses" is something that my fiancé and I still continue to love to say will we are out and about for fun.
Welcome to you, Roy.  Paul, best wishes to and your family for healing and peace, godspeed.
prayers paul
Thank you Paul.
I hope this comment finds you in good spirits, paul.   Im just catching up to the news. Im praying for you to have strength in this time, for you, your family and the the crew.
Gonna miss ya Paul, see ya on the other side man.
Paul, thank you for all the great content and knowledge shared. Roy we welcome you with open arms and can’t wait to see what you also have to share with us as well. Thanks guys.
Love and Prayers for you Paul !!!
Damn, this hurts. Thank you so much for all the years of content and all the laughs and lessons you shared with us. I trust you putting the channel in Roy's hands I know you wouldn't do so lightly. We're really gonna miss you, Paul. You're a great man. 😢
My father and I met you a couple years ago at Yard Birds in Chehalis. You signed a couple things for me and took some pictures and we cherish the memory very dearly. I hope you beat this thing, but if you can't we look forward to seeing content from your brother. Godspeed Paul.
Damn :(
Thank you Mr Harrel for all of the wisdom you have provided through the years. It's been a pleasure watching your work.
Paul is a beacon for all of us I'm sure. I really can't express how this situation hit me. It might be strange, but it really feels like I'm losing a loved one. But let's not get down. We must celebrate this wonderful being and all of the knowledge he managed to teach us. Paul is really the best Teacher I ever had
Hello Roy! I look forward to your videos. Paul. Thank you for everything. You are in my daily prayers, this ride is a crazy fast precious one, I am honored and thankful to have been a viewer of yours. I hope to run into you in another time and another place, Fly like the wind Eagle spirit.
Damn, this hurts on another level. I dont idolize public figures, but Paul has been incredible. I hope you recover, and we welcome your brother in your absence.
Hey paul, Thank you for all the education, stories, and overall time that you have given to me and so many other people. You will be a lifelong memory for me and so many other people. I wish you luck in the next life and hope we meet someday
Paul, when my father first got into firearms a few years ago, I would always see him watching your videos. He loved your humor and presentation style. When everything shut down during the Pandemic, we spent those first few weeks watching your videos together each evening. Those are memories that will last me a lifetime.  Thank you for passing on your knowledge and thank you for creating all of this wonderful content over the past 11 years.
You're a class act, sir. I've enjoyed your content and learned from it. I'll keep wearing my Ford T-Bird "Old School" Paul Herrell  tee shirt and smile and continue to enjoy your channel and yours and Roy's videos. Godspeed and good luck, Paul. Whether you leave us next month or 20 years from now, you've left something of value.
Keep up the good fight Paul. You saved me from insanity working checkpoints for hours/days on end. Thank you for the education! Much love your way……
Thanks Paul for all your work. Hello Roy , looking forward to your presentations.
I will remember you forever and always Paul in my heart. ❤️
God bless you Paul and Roy. I love your channel. I am praying for you and your family. I am an American Red Cross blood platelets donor and try to donate every two weeks. 25 donations in 2023. I do this for cancer patients like you and cancer patients everywhere. There is an urgent shortage of blood and blood platelets. If anyone reads this post, I encourage you to donate blood, or better yet, platelets. You give the gift of life, the most important gift ever.
I greatly appreciate you Paul.  I hope to see you on the otherside!  I'll give your brother the benefit of the doubt ;).   God's speed.
Howdy Paul.  I have recurrent prostate cancer like about half of that population does or will have.  My brother has pancreatic cancer as well.  Guys like us have already crossed some hard, hard country, and it seems more of it is just up ahead.  God's own speed to you, Bud.  You are not alone in this.  Thanks for everything.  I just don't have the words.
Love you Paul, thank you for all you've done. You've been a part of my life for the last decade, gonna miss you man.
Oh man, I had no idea. You'll be missed.
Hey Paul. Love you man! Can't tell you how much I have enjoyed your videos all these years. Thank you!
God bless you, Paul.  I'm praying for your healing and quick recovery.  🙏   If you, your brother, or anyone in your family want to talk to a pastor about anything, I am here for you.  - Blessings,  Pastor Sean Milroy
Paul, I've been a big fan of your content for quite a few years, you will be very sorely missed.  Rest well!
Hey Paul. I've been watching your videos off and on for a while now, and I've always found them very informative and incredibly easy to watch. You really have created one of the most honest YouTube firearms channels out there, and I thank you for everything you've put out there for us. Best wishes and prayers to you and your family, and thanks for introducing your brother!
Damn man 😢 you were fundamental in me learning more than just, a gun goes bang, you will be missed and I pray god may be w you and w your family
God bless you Paul Harrell
Dear Paul, Your work has been essential to my understanding of firearms, self defense, and the nature of its ownership, you have been a pillar, a foundation, to my understanding, thank you for everything, thank you for your long ramblings, thank you for your funny mannerisms, thank you for everything Paul, i love you like a family member, a distant uncle who shows us the ropes, youre a damn good man, thank you Paul
Paul, if you haven’t already, please look into Fenbendazole for possible treatment.  Thank you!
Paul, thank you for everything you’ve done. You have been a bigger inspiration to many of us more than you will ever know. Prayers for you and your family. God bless brother. And thank you Roy for carrying on. That can’t be easy either. I will always share your videos with friends and family Paul. You have left heck of a legacy brother.
I'm really saddened to hear the cancer has returned Paul but i have the uttermost Faith that you'll beat it. Thank you for all the gun knowledge and all the time spent teaching people about firearms. I have the absolute faith Roy will be a great successor. God bless
I wish you strength on your journey Paul, I hope you find comfort and peace. 🫡
Thoughts and prayers, you will be remembered as the absolute champion that you are. Godspeed
We’re here Roy.  Paul we are praying.
Thank you for sharing your knowledge and wisdom with us, Paul. Best of luck in the next chapter of your journey. Semper Fi.   Im glad you’re with us Roy, looking forward to learning from you.
Words fail to be sufficient for what I wish I could express so I feel I can only say thank you for what you’ve done for us Paul.  Both figuratively & literally you’re one of the straightest shooters & the most wholesome persons ever to present to this community.  Whatever happens, your words & deeds will be cherished & remembered all but forever.   I think everyone here is tremendously greatful for the competence, strength, & virtues Roy & the rest of your team must have to continue what you do.
I've loved every video you have made and shared with us Paul, thank you for that and taking the time to let us know what is going on.  You have helped many people with your words and made many of us smile with your dry wit. Look after yourself and I pray for your health and its management. God bless you.
Thank you Paul for all your years of hard work, service to our nation, and the incredible knowledge you've shared to both novice and experienced firearm enthusiasts. I learn something new in every one of your videos. God needed a new armorer. He's getting the best there is. Peace on your journey brother.
Paul I know youve heard this a 1000 times already but I really really loved your presentations and I hope the best for you and your family
thanks for everything paul
Welcome Roy. And Paulo, thank you very much for the legacy of knowledge provided over these years. Count on our affection and good feelings. Hugs from Brazil.
You are an inspiration to us all Paul. You will be missed. I look forward to seeing what Roy has to say and do
Thanks so much for everything, Paul. We should all strive to carry ourselves with the grace, poise, and genuine kindness you’ve displayed over the years. Semper Fi, Devil. Hopefully we’ll meet somewhere on the other side.
Hey Paul, I just wanted to tell you that I’ve been religiously watching your channel for years.   You’re one of the most truly original, unique, informative and funny content creators on this platform.   Your channel really reignited my interest in learning as much as I can about firearms and reloading.   I know that your health is pretty dire but I wanted to let you know that I love you and appreciate all the work you’ve put into informing and entertaining us over the years.
God bless, we will all miss you and wish you the best!
A real shame. Paul you did good god bless
Thank you for continuing the channel.  I look forward to your wealth of knowledge & experience being shared.   Thank you for putting this out there for us all to benefit from in a positive way.
I never comment, but Paul… much love to you and yours. My heart is breaking a bit…   You’ve done a great service to this world, but I know the YouTube side of it isn’t even the important bit. ❤️
thank you roy. Paul, you're the best in the biz. Only guy on here that never made me cringe or feel like he was full of crap. godspeed man.
Thank you Paul, for everything you've done to help people. Your work has been invaluable. Take care of yourself.  Welcome Roy, I know we all look forward to seeing you on here, but I think we can all agree that we wish it were under better circumstances.
dam it got a little real there
I don't know if you will see this but if you do just know you are loved.
Thanks for everything Paul. Gonna miss you. Praying for you.
Welcome, Roy. I wish we were being introduced to you under happier circumstances, but I look forward to learning from you.   Paul, thank you for your work over the years. I have learned a great deal from your videos that has helped me become a better shooter, hunter, and armed citizen. Not a range visit goes by where I don't think of something instructive you've said or demonstrated over the years, and I'm sure that will be true for many years to come. I owe you a debt of gratitude. You and your loved ones are in my prayers.
Paul, thank you for everything. Every bit of wisdom you dropped on me since 2020. I couldn't be more grateful. Every holiday distraction video. You are wonderful man. Love you Paul. -a fellow Paul
Thank you for everything Paul!
Cancer is a bitch, but never lose Hope. Prayers for you and your Family.
Mr Harrell i know already made a comment after your video the other day but i cannot shake the feeling of loss that i have felt these past couple of days. I do not mean this in a selfish way, I sincerely hope and pray your are able to win your personal fight you are going through. I think it has touched me because I was diagnosed was acute pancreatitis several months ago and by no means is that in any way close to what your facing, but the fear of cancer from it has certainly crossed my mind, and I just felt lead to say something else to you in hopes that you may read this along with all the other comments and see just how loved and important you truly are to all of us. I hope we see you again in some manner and thank you again for everything sir!
Paul, my heart goes out to you and your family.  Thank you for sharing your shooting life with us. Godspeed.
Mr. Harrell, you have done some very fine work. Thank you for everything.
Paul, thank you for all you’ve done. If you want to share more stories we’ll love it. But I know I’m personally grateful for all the knowledge you’ve bestowed upon millions. We love you Uncle Paul. Thank you.
Probably the best gun tuber channel period....thanks for sharing your wisdom sir....
We will miss you Paul, but its for the best you step back and spend this time with your family.
Paul, I very rarely ever leave comments, but I find myself with an overwhelming need to just reach out and say thank you. Thank you for what you've given to the firearms community, thank you for the valuable lessons you've taught us, and thank you for being someone I could look up to. The world would be a much better place, if even just 1% of the population had a modicum of your graciousness, humility and honor.   Your videos have entertained me in dark times, have made me a more responsible gun owner, and have allowed me to help educate others in firearms safety/responsibility. So once again, with all my heart: thank you Paul.
Hi Paul, I wish you the best man. I will keep you and your family in my prayers. Keep your head up and enjoy every day.
Sorely missed
❤ you Paul.   And welcome Roy.
Hate to see you go,Paul. learned alot from you and always enjoyed your videos...prayers.
Thank you for your time Paul. You brought lessons with laughter to many people here. You lead by example, which is a trait this world desperately needs more of. I hope you and your family find peace in whichever circumstance comes your way next. From one random person on the internet,  truly, thank you and god speed.
Damn Paul is legend.
Thank you Sir, praying for you, family, and friends.
This hits hard.  I love your exit. Understated as usual.
Hey, Paul. I just want to say what an absolute inspiration you've been. Your devotion to proper gun education, maintenence, and handling has left an impression on the firearms community that will last generations to come.  I'll never forget your breakdown of the Miami FBI shooting. It was the most comprehensive description of the event that I've personally seen and the authenticity you displayed has caused me to replay it many times.  I hope you can beat the odds. I really, really do. But even if not, your memory and impact WILL carry on. We won't ever forget what you've done for this community. Thank you for your years of devotion to something greater than yourself.
Gods Speed Mr. Harrell.
Can we get some of the best of Paul's anecdotes, experiences, stories? You could record them before he passes.
Paul, Thank you.
We love you, buddy.  Thank you for sharing yourself with us.  It's been an honor!
Thats the end of this Channel. Roy wont continue Like Paul. Maybe i should unsubscribe
Thanks for everything Paul.  I appreciate your hard work and integrity.  I admire your courage. I wish you peace and comfort.  Welcome Roy.
Just wanted to say thanks I’ve definitely learned a lot from your channel over the years…hoping you pull through this
Paul Harrell's channel is a tremendous example of what a gun channel on Youtube should be.  Entertaining and educational.  I know I've based many good decisions based on the content of this channel, and I'll continue to tune in.  Thank you for all your work, Paul and crew!!
You’re a legend Paul. Your videos have been a consistent source of entertainment and knowledge. I’ve passed it along to both my dad and brother as we’ve collected firearms and learned to properly shoot them.  Thanks for everything!
I will pray for you! I will miss you ! Thank you for so many good memories!😊😢! I will watch your brother!👨 😊! And hopefully does as good as you! I will pray for him too that his does well!😊
God bless you Paul. I pray for you every day and will continue to do so. I will always support the channel.
I don't know what to say except for THANK YOU , and I think you're an AMAZING human being !
So sorry Paul.
Long live king Trump
Hello Roy!
paulbros...not like this...
Welcome, Roy. I have huge respect for your willingness to carry on Paul's great work. Thank you for stepping in during an unimaginably tough time, I look forward to what you have to teach us.   Paul, I know that you warned us against sappy well wishes and condolences and I hope you can forgive those of us who couldn't help ourselves, you're truly irreplacable and will never ever be forgotten. Semper Fi till the very end, and thanks for everything.
Just watching one of the NHK channels this morning, my wife of 42 years is Japanese, and there was an interesting program about the advances they are making using focused ultrasound in conjunction with chemotherapy to treat inoperable pancreatic tumors. Looks like they are having pretty good luck. Maybe you might want to look into it. Anyway I wish you the best of luck.
Sorry to see you go paul. I sincerely wish you the best and hope the time you have left is filled with love and laughter. Your videos helped me tremendously as I was getting into firearms. I knew I could always count on an informative and interesting video. The meat target will be forever iconic, and you will forever be missed.
I subscribed to this channel in 2012.  I have not posted many (if any comments) over the years but of the 16 of channels I follow this is by far my favorite.  Paul thank you for years of informative and sometimes funny video's.  I think we should respect Paul's wishes not to speculate on his condition and his future involvement with his channel and welcome Roy knowing that content will continue.  The only constant in life is change and we don't know what our future holds.  So quoting my favorite Vulcan "Live Long and Prosper Paul Harrell".  I also know Paul you do not want sympathy or well wishes, but I will be Praying for you Good Heath and recovery!
Paul, I will greatly miss you, I will carry on your teachings and your legacy my entire life.
Thanks for teaching us all that you have Paul, I wouldn't doubt at all that your information has saved a couple of people's lives. Thanks for all the years of well put together informational videos.
Paul PLEASE UNDERSTAND NOBODY I mean NOBODY is here for guns or shooting... We are hear for YOU. Please do story time or some short storys IF possible. I know you have medical issues. But understand I watch ALL of your cooking videos AND you inspired me to buy a dutch oven and cook with it. We lost power for 3 days at XMAS time and I cooked my HAM dinner in a Dutch oven. I just hope you can still say hello and talk to us... thats all.
Mr Harrell,  I wanted to let you know that you've had a considerable impact on my life, in a positive way. I'm very thankful for the time and energy you put into this channel and the knowledge I've gained has helped me greatly. Thank you.
"Though I be wounded, I am not slain.   I'll lie me down to bleed a while, then I'll rise and fight again."  -	from a ballad of Andrew Barton, Scottish privateer (1466 - 1511)
The news story linking me to this video dropped the bomb I didn't know.  Paul, I have loved your content over the years and must have been remiss recently that this news has escaped me.  I rarely pray for celebrities or YouTube creators but you will be the exception.  I have often described you as the only "real gun guy" out there.
Love Paul, hope some kind of miracle happens for you and your family I love all your videos and will always support your channel no matter what screw cancer😢
Not a single thing I could possibly add that previous posters haven't expressed already. BE PROUD of the amazing neighbors you have brought together Sir!
Hey Paul, thank you for educating us for years.
Thanks for all the good you've done for firearms education Paul. Best of luck.
Paul you have been a great insperation on this channel. Thank you so much for your time and effort to help us that need it.
God bless you, you've informed me since I was a kid into adulthood
Hello Roy. It’s great to meet you.   Godspeed Paul.
Welcome, Roy and bless you, Paul!
Paul, my favorite youtuber, i wish you peace my friend.  I've wrote a paragraph and deleted it a couple of times now, and I'm not too sure why it's a little emotional (seeing how we don't know each other from a can of paint), but I'll just leave this one short and sweet. Thanks for the years of amazing content man. You'll be impossible to replace, and greatly missed. You've left a great legacy for everyone to continue to enjoy and learn from for years to come, and we all greatly appreciate you.
Thank you both. ❤
Paul: I'm grateful to have found your channel all those years ago, I fail to find the words for everything you taught us, grateful will have to do. When I'm in the woods or the plains, thinking about how everything sucks I'll think of you making an entire meal with a dutch oven and probably give it a shot one day. Praying for you and your family, thanks again.
We were here for you in the past....and will still show up for your cause in the future!!!!
I have nothing but love and respect for you, Paul. I learned so much from you.
Hey Paul. I've never met you, but by all accounts, you seem to be one of the best people who ever lived. Honestly, I've always looked up to you, and only recently did I realize you're one of my personal heroes. Nobody will ever be able to replace you, but I hope to be able to view Roy in the same light as you.   And if it isn't too much trouble, I think it would be funny to see how your trusty old 92FS can take on a Pop Tart meat target or something. Just one more funny thing for the road, you know?
Hi Paul - Thank you for all that you have done. I get a lot of value out of your work and greatly appreciate your many presentations. I wish there be a miracle for you to come through this.
Paul, God bless you! Roy, good luck. Best greetings from Poland
Hey Paul, I’ve been watching for years, you’ve influenced my fire arm purchases. You have shared a lot of information that I’ve found quite useful. What ever happens you will be remembered.
You're awesome Paul!! Best wishes my friend!
PAUUUUUULLLLLL NOOOOOOOO
Nice to meet you, Roy! Paul, thank you for so much of the content (we hope to see more from you too!). Thanks to your whole team, we will wait for new things
Thank you Paul,  you have made a positive impact on many of us.
Paul, thank you for everything, prayers sent.
Praying for you Paul!
Paul, we will miss you tremendously. Just know that you had a positive impact on millions of lives, and you will never be forgotten. Thanks for everything you've done.
I missed the opportunity to see you at Lake of the Ozarks, and I regret it.   At points like this, many people start to look back at their life and see regrets. The things they wanted to do, but couldn't or thing's they wished they could have done differently. Do not do that.  Lift your head and think of all those you have helped and entertained over the years, online and (most importantly) in your personal life. I am sure you have been a help to many more people in life than you will truly know. I think you understand this, but I just wanted to make sure that you really take time to ponder on the good you have done.  Now go and spend time with those you love the most.
Armed citizen in the Philippines here, there were very limited learning resources when I got into firearms and your channel was one of the first I watched. Thank you Paul for sharing your knowledge over the years. I'll miss your Shatner-esque pauses and checking "how'd we do". I hope you and your family can share all the love and warmth and that you will somehow find comfort in knowing that you helped a lot of people. Nice to meet you Roy, looking forward to hearing your take on things.
Hi Roy! I'll stay here and keep watching.
I started shooting myself in 2017  and have learned a lot through your channel  "my Beretta 92fs"  I will never forget that sentence  good luck to you and your brother
Paul, don't leave us, welcome to your brother indeed. Greets from France
Man I remember first finding your channel right before covid and it was such a gem of information straight forward and with a presentation that didn't push or sell just straight up "make your own determination" with the information presented.  I enjoyed the content you and the crew put together so much I even got my dad to watch your channel. The Thanksgiving videos we're always a delight since I had to spend a Thanksgiving away from family and it truly was a fantastic time. Thank you so much.
Damn <3
Life just isn't fair. A pillar in the community like Paul faces a daunting task and for-profit patriots and phonies like Mrgunsnshill keep laughing on the way to the bank.
Thanks for keeping us up to date Paul. Having you guide us not to tacticool but deliver us to common safety and informed data has been inspiring. You truly are the best in class, and I think the gold standard that should inspire others.   Thanks again, I hope this finds you in good spirits.
thanks for everything paul
Thank you Paul, for all your humor, your guidance, your wisdom, and for teaching us all. I hope that whatever brings you comfort in life is there for you, and that you know how appreciated you are as an honest and respected individual that brings a community together with your contributions to it.
*sniffle* Hi Roy! I'm glad you'll keep things going
Mr. Harrell, I hope you and yours find peace in these trying times. You've contributed so much to the community. You'll be greatly  missed and remembered. From some transfer on the internet, thank you for sharing your time with us.   God bless Mr Harrel.
Thank You for your service Sir, God bless.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
I too am giving Roy a chance.
Hey Paul, I understand about why you're stepping down, but DAMN, we're gonna miss your messing up words and your Shatneresque ... pauses. Best wishes! Roy, best wishes to you too, and the absolute best of luck taking over the channel. I have no doubt that  some things will change (kind of inevitable), and that some people aren't gonna like your style. To them I say, "Tough. Get over it". Best wishes (and prayers) for the whole Harrell Clan.
We're losing our legends. This world isn't producing very many men like you anymore, Paul. Thank you for these 10 years. God bless you, and Godspeed.
Hi Roy! Praying for you Paul.
Would be even better with the both of you contributing, Paul.
Thank you for all the years of great videos, Paul! You will be remembered by so many. Where ever you end up after this, Save me a spot on the range!
We love you Paul and We appreciate all the knowledge and wisdom you’ve shared with us…
Thank you Paul for all of the videos. I will miss you.
Thanks for the all content and information over the years sir!! My boys and I have been subscribers for a long time and will continue to be into the future. God bless you and your family.
Thank you for everything, Paul. We’re all wishing you a speedy recovery. Godspeed.
Jesus is King. We should worship Him now.
God Bless Brother God Bless
We're all going to continue to support you Paul. Im sure Roy will fill in afmirably. Still sending prayers for you, your health and ypur family.
this feels similar to dugan Ashley i dont think we have heard updates from him with his MS and his deterioration in a while sadly after he made the video asking for people to help him
I think we'd love to see a video of some anecdotes before you go, but I think I speak for most of us when I say we understood if it can't happen. I have become much more knowledgeable about shooting since watching your videos. I was probably one of your first 1000 or so subscribers, and I will continue to watch your content for as long as I have left on this Earth. My young children also enjoy and learn from your content, so your legacy will continue to live for many years.
Thank you Paul
We love you Paul ❤
Paul, your knowledge you have provided has been invaluable to this community and the world of firearms. I wish you peace in the rest of your life
Hey Paul, I want to thank you for the years you’ve poured into sharing with us. I’m always looking for solid, non-sensationalist information, and your channel has provided it tenfold. Your antics, humor, and … shatner-esque pauses will be sorely missed. We love you man .
I have enjoyed your work. You have made the world a better place. It would have been a pleasure to have called you a friend. If there is a Just God he will claim you.
Godspeed Paul. I pray for God's blessing and healing over your body, mind, and spirit.
Massive respect & gratitude for all the indepth information & thorough explanations over the year.  Not what I'd been hoping to hear for 2024, but respect again for the composure. All the best.
This feels like I've lost a family member......I have almost no family and I value strongly the people I care about you are one of those people that I respect deeply and our world will be lesser without you but has become significantly greater thanks to you and what you've done for us all, with wet eyes we love you.
Welcome aboard Roy, wishing Paul the very best as I've just finished 16 weeks of chemo for crap on the pancreas
Welcome to the camera Roy. Paul, I'm sad that you feel as though you won't be able to create new content. I think I have watched All of your videos.  I have a single question for you, "How can I be supportive?"
B17 dude God damn
Pancreatic cancer is rough. I hope they are keeping  you comfortable.
Aloha Paul.  Have no fear.  We are going to give  Roy a healthy dose of 'yabutts' and even a few 'ACHSHUALYs' just to keep him on his toes.  Hopefully he shares them with you so that you can continue to kind of tilt your head and close your eyes and sigh and be refreshed like we know you always have been by a good quality "professional comment, grade imbecile".  Corned beef n corn 4 lyfe yo-
We love ya Paul.
Thank you for everything Paul, we love you.
Damn dude. I am legitimately sad. Not sure what to say, you have been a great source of knowledge for me. Trustworthy. Patient. To-the-point. Just a couple words that come to mind….  Somebody needs to do a tribute video, with clips and pictures.  What a guy.
I hope Paul knows the impact he's had on such an enormous amount of people. This community is a safer and kinder one because of the standard he sets in these videos.
Hello Roy :)
Good sir I have enjoyed your wisdom for some time and truly appreciated your approach to firearm content. You've brought wisdom, sincerity, and a positive light to the shooting community.  I look forward to hearing Roy's knowledge and wish you comfort and love from your family. God speed.
so sad, so very sad.   Paul, you have been and will continue to be, an inspiration.
No Paul, why??? We want you back, and do some vids with your brother. Maybe some stories around a campfire and discussions and demos.😢
In 2021, I lost my karate mentor to cancer. Although never having met Paul, this feels much the same to me. (Coincidentally his name was Paul as well) I've learned so much from Paul on this channel that has helped me as a recreational shooter and 3Gun competitor. Sending prayers from Canada for you Paul.  Good Luck Roy, looking forward to seeing what you have to share.
Damn 😔
Hey Paul, just wanted to say thank you for all the straight forward, interesting, and well done content you have put out.  You are a class act in the 2A community, and I'm sure your brother will continue that way.  Thank you for your years of service to our nation. Semper Fi brother and Godspeed.
Thank you for all of your work Paul.  I’ve learned so much from you.  I really appreciate your sincere dedication to helping improve everyone’s lives.  I lost my uncle to the same disease a few years back.  Gods speed to you and your family.  You will be missed!
Thank you Paul Harrell. Know that you have made positive impressions on people as far as South Africa. Godspeed, friend
Gonna miss you Paul! Wishing you the best. Loved hearing your stories & blunt advice. Been a fan for years. This is going to hurt. I’ve recommended you to others a lot. 😢
Hi Paul
Paul Harrell, you are a legend.  You will be missed and long remembered!
Glad to know you have family nearby during this difficult time. Prayers for you all.
Thank you, Paul. Thank you for everything.
Paul, I really wish I could meet and spend some time with you. I can't enough of your stories and wisdom. Roy, it's great to meet you too. We're looking forward to getting to know you more.
I have been a viewer for many years.  I wish to express my thanks for the vast information on life and survival.  Unfortunately we don't always win the fight. You have always presented a positive outcome to confrontation yet avoided the option of a failure to win. "Active self protection " channel does occasionally.  It is easy to prepare for the confrontation yet impossible to be ready if and when the end comes. As I close in on that last hour my priorities change. The fear of death or great bodily harm gets less attention from me. I find myself in less of a fight mode and more of a chance to make the most of what's left. I wish you peace in this season and beyond.
You will be sorely missed Paul, but glad to see the channel is continuing on. Thank you doesn't do it justice, but thank you for absolutely everything. You're a legend.
🤍💪🏻
Love you Paul, may God grant you with open arms in Heaven.
Oregonian to Oregonian, I hope they name a state Forest after you or something. You’re a treasure of this state.
A day I wished would never come.
Nuts
Gonna miss you Paul but welcome Roy with open arms
Thank you for your work Paul! You'll continue to be a fixture of this community for a very, very long time. Welcome Roy!
We will welcome your brother with open arms. I really appreciate your all of your hard work to educate we viewers with the benefits of your knowledge and patience you exhibit. I also have enjoyed your impatience with silliness as well! You will be missed. I am unsure of your beliefs, but I want to encourage you to seek Jesus as your life changes. He is there when we call upon Him. Saying prayers for you and yours.
I know this will most likely get lost in the comments and you'll probably never read this, but I do hope that you pull through by some miracle. If not for our sake, then for your loved ones.
Thank You for everything Paul!
Paul, a standup guy…..Semper Fi
Paul you should have hopefully another 6 months left with us I don't know if you're familiar with Brian Barczyk but he's a top animal YouTuber and he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in April of last year he fought the good fight and tried chemotherapy and other treatments but didn't work he just went into hospice 2 days ago after having a blood clot and had emergency surgery and had 2 strokes but I watched him go from a healthy man to now looking like a 90 year old man with man it's sad to watch I had to watch my mother in law go through this same thing with pancreatic cancer and you guys are all fairly young I think Brian is in his early 50s and so was my mother in law I'm guessing your around that maybe a little older but you guys had plenty more life left I hate cancer it killed my mother in her 30s and my aunt and 2 grandparents I wish they would come out with a cure already we been using the same crap for so long to try to stop it and barely works
Rooting for the both of you. Thanks for everything.
Really appreciate all you have shared Paul.  Appreciate Roy and the crew continuing to produce content.
God bless
Paul I have to sincerely thank you for everything you have done for the firearms community. I’ve been watching you since I was young and your videos helped ignite my passion in this hobby. I pray for you and your family during this difficult time. God be with you.
I really hope everything is okay for you Paul. Thank you for all of your videos and stories. And Roy, nice to meet you!
I genuinely thank you for being a inspiration to us younger gun owners/enthusiasts that choose to watch your content. Prayers to your family and friends. God Bless Mr Harrell
Anyone know what’s wrong with Paul?
I'm never sure if the creator will ever see this   But whatever your intentions were,  you have influenced and educated millions of people in a no nonsense way. You've dispelled misconceptions I've held for far too long.   Nobody gets out of life alive. But you've lived a life worth living. You should be proud of your accomplishments.  I'm unsure how much comfort it can bring you when facing mortality but to say it's stressful is understating it.
Well damn Paul. Thanks for hanging with us for all this time and sharing your knowledge and experience with us.   Better keep the meat target with the new&improved high-tech fleece bullet stop going!
somebody download all content from this channel to some internet archive, we gotta preserve it
Paul you are truly a blessing. You are who got me into watching gun videos on YouTube. I always point people to your videos if they need accurate information about a specific caliber or situation about firearms or life in general. Over the years you’ve grown to be a family member to many of us. May the lord bless your family and be with you through this difficult time. Let us all pray for you and your family and friends. We love you uncle Paul, God speed Sir ❤
Roy, your brother is a tough guy.  Admirable man.
nice to meet you Roy
Paul, Roy doesn't look anything like you, did you have a different father or mother???? And, can Roy talk like Cpt Kirk???? 🤔
Seems kinda early for an April Fools joke Paul... But seriously, take care of yourself, and welcome Roy
❤
🙏 for you Paul 👊👊, can't wait for Roy's videos 👊👍
What happened to this guy..?
Keep fighting Paul, you're the best in the business and a legend.   After losing my father, you filled a hole in your demeanor and natural ability to share your knowledge on firearms. Thank you for everything you do and have done for the community.
WE'RE GOING TO MISS YOU PAUL,  BUT GLAD TO MEET ROY. PAUL YOUVE BEEN EXCELLENT AND HAVE HELPED MANY OF US IMPROVE OUR SHOOTING.  THANK YOU.  GOD BLESS YOU.
I'm glad there are many, many paul harrell videos I've not yet seen. This is one of my favorite channels but one that I don't watch alot. Roy will probably be great. Paul, this fkn sucks. You're straight up legend sir.
Thank you for everything you've taught us, Mr. Harrell. Fine work.
Paul, I've been watching your vids for years now.  Years ago I wanted to start to carry a firearm.  Your videos helped me choose a weapon, choose the proper ammo and gave me a platform for training.  I will stick with your channel and give Roy a big welcome.  I would still love to hear from you if you're able.  God bless you.
Sending Love and gratitude 🙏 God bless you Paul and Roy
:(
Paul's videos have been a staple of my firearms life.   His videos kept me entertained throughout my entire time in Iraq, back in 2018. I'll never forget doing whatever I could to get a whiff of WiFi to watch his videos when I had some off time.
Godspeed, Paul! Wishing you nothing but the best.
Paul, greetings from Austria wishing you the best. Jesus is with you
Thanks for everything you’ve taught us, and your wonderful sense of humor Paul. God Bless you sir.
And so Paul walked off screen and into legend one last time, farewell Paul, cancer is a bitch 07
:(😢
Thank you for all past and future videos! Your material on accurate handgun shooting really helped me.
Thanks paul, for the years of extensive testing and shooting . Thanks boss
Paul we all will miss you and we will support your brother. God speed
Paul thank you for the years of entertainment you will be missed!!!!!!!!
This plane of existence is better for you being here... The next will improve with your presence.   I don't like what is happening, but life rarely consults me in my preferences. Just know that many of us hold out for better results, and barring that, you will be remembered fondly and with respect.
see you space cowboy o7
Paul, thanks for being such a straight shooter, even when you're just shooting from the hip. Your aim is true and so is your heart. Thanks for sharing your wisdom with all of us mere mortals. If we could all live as well as you this would be a much more safe and sane world. Thanks for showing us a good way to travel. I'm looking forward to all the gifts that Roy will bestow upon us. God Bless.
I am not crying; you’re crying.
God bless you Paul, you’ve touched countless people from all walks of life in the firearms community Thank You sincerely 🫡😢
Hate to hear this Paul!!! Enjoy your time. I have enjoyed your content more than anyone else’s. Hello to Roy.
As a European, thank you, Paul. I will make sure to treasure all the lessons you taught once I finally get my license. 🫡
o7 🇺🇸 Paul Harrell, Thank You for your service. God Bless and Godspeed!
Thank you for everything Paul
Thank you Paul, without ever knowing me you educated me and made me more competent with firearms. God bless you
This is utterly heartwrenching news. As someone who has a background in oncology and studies of cell replication, I know quiet well the realities of this. Cancer has affected my life personally as well, so this video brings back some very vivid and hellish memories. With all due respect to Roy, I feel I must echo TheYankeeMarshall's thoughts. Paul brought a magic to this channel that can never be replaced once it is gone- just like him. As such I will maintain my subscription until it becomes certain Paul is not... returning... Then I shall walk away, grateful for all the knowledge he has shared with us.  To Paul: my most sincere thoughts and prayers for you and your family. I began watching your channel over 5 years ago- and during that time a lot of great things had been happening in my life.  I became a new gun owner and watched your videos ad nauseam. So I will forever associate you and your channel with that time. The only other person I watched and trusted for firearms info back then was Massad Ayoob. Suffice to say, you and him are the best. We love you and we are praying for your health. God Speed. -Alex
Hey Paul thanks for all you have done to help with the 2 nd amendment and to give advice and share your thoughts and knowledge on safe hand gun and long gun handling and yes grownup advice in life you have been through I for one have learned a great deal from you god bless my friend
Thank you for everything you’ve taught me along the short amount of time we’ve spent together. It’s been 6 years but I wouldn’t trade it for anything. Thank you.
Been watching since 2017, you’re the man Paul.
Paul please don’t go I still have so much to learn
Paul you are appreciated and loved, that's all I can say.
Nobody can replace you Paul. Praying for you, keep up the good fight. Godspeed to you brother...
Oh bro this hurts
Thank you for everything. A stranger whose life you have touched is rooting for you.
Enough to make a grown man cry
Is this gonna be officially Paul's last video/appearance on video or will he be slowly reducing his appearancances going forward?
Thank you Paul, God bless You.
Not one to comment a lot on your videos, I just like to watch. But Paul, you have been a tremendous help when it comes to choosing firearms.  And you saved me a bit of coin cause of your ammo reviews.    Thank you, God bless.
I learned a lot from your videos. Thank you so much.
i promise i wont cry when you are gone
Thank you for everything Paul, you are the best and will never be forgotten. Welcome Roy, i am looking forward from hearing storys from you.
Get well soon Paul.
Hello Roy.  We trust ya to do well and yes, we're willing to see hiccups when you wind up.  And you, Paul - thank you and Godspeed, good sire.
Thank you Paul Welcome Roy
Words for this are hard Paul. You made a difference in our community. And still do. We welcome Roy. But please don't give up your fight. Hang in there brother. Your a good man. Prayers.
Thank you for everything! I’ve learned so much from your videos!
I'm still trying to figure out what I want to stand for with what little life I have left. Whatever Paul Harrell stood for it makes me weep, even as a man, to say I can only hope to stand for what he stood for. I'll die trying. Love you Paul.
What's going on here?
Fuck. Love you Paul ❤
You will be missed, Paul; I have faith that Roy will carry your legacy well.  Remember, it’s not a goodbye, it’s just a “see you later”.
We love you Paul. Thank you for everything you have shown us.
Paul, been a big fan of your channel, your content, and of your force of personality. It's very difficult to imagine the guntuber community without you in it. Thank you for all you've done.
Did I miss something or is there something worse than Paul’s hip going on?
Wait, what is going on with Paul? What fid I miss?
😔 Thoughts for you and your family
Damn, I’m not even sure what to say. This short video was a gut punch. I am genuinely saddened to see you go Mr. Harrell. You’ve done so much for the community.
May God bless you Paul. We keep praying for you. Welcome Roy,  best regards.
We are praying for you Paul!
Godspeed Paul. Thanks for everything.
Paul Harrell, Thanks for the great demonstrations, great points and great entertainment!
God bless Paul I’ve never seen someone look so stoic talking about their departure I know it probably won’t help but thanks and I pray you will get better even if it’s impossible
Thanks for everything Paul.
I’ll miss your wit and wisdom, Paul. Please tell us you’ll make occasional visits. Roy, thank you for taking up the torch, and please, please keep the meat targets and soda jugs.
Good luck Roy & crew. Thank you Paul! You have shared much in firearms knowledge. Perhaps what i have appreciated the most is your anecdotes and humor in general. Your holiday vids were also on the money. Gonna make some of those  treats one day. Thank you and best wishes.
*tips brim of cap before taking it off* So long Paul, thanks for all the memories.
Paul...take care, fight, rest, recover, and come back when ready!
I dont understand whats going on here...
Thank you Paul. I have always enjoyed your presentations. You will be missed. Enjoy every moment.
Paul, thank you for sharing your stories and knowledge with us for many years. I will miss seeing you in new videos. You are my favorite YouTube channel, mostly because it felt like we were hanging out with you. It feels like saying goodbye to a dear friend. Thanks for all of the videos. Vaya con Dios.
Paul has done things weve never done. Hes been places we will never go. Has storys yet untold. Soon like tears in the raain theyll all be gone. The
Can't ever thumbs down a PH video, but his one stings a bit.
Mr Harrell, thank you for the years of entertainment and wonderful information you have shared.
Welcome aboard Roy.  Gonna miss ya Paul
Paul, I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for doing  all the videos that you have done all this time. I was afraid of guns for the longest time and between you and my husband showing me gun safety and how to respect a firearm,  I now go to the range twice a month and am rocking right along.  My husband has watched you since you started, and he has watched every single video you have put out, and we truly enjoy every single one of them.  We just want you to know you have been an important part of our gun experience, and you always will be . We want to sincerely Thank You from the bottom of our hearts for all you have done for the gun community and for us. God bless and keep you. Now go sit by the fire with the pups and enjoy yourself. Roy, we will be watching and supporting you to have great success . Your loyal followers,  James and Marti Pillsbury ❤
Paul, I just wanted to say may God bless you and your family.
A big welcome to Roy and a heartfelt see you around Paul! I've enjoyed your channel for years and always look forward to the next video!
Well for what its worth thanks for all your hard work Paul... and good luck Roy...
Years from now, Paul Harrell will be named in the firearm community with the same knowing nods and of the ilk as in cinema when you say names like Clint Eastwood and John Wayne. The weight of the man will last for centuries.
Welcome Roy. I look forward to your videos and antidotes. Maybe even throw in a shatneresque  pause every so often.
I hope we have content from Paul in another fornat.
Hi Paul.  I live far from your country, and I’ve been a quite long time follower of your channel.  I regret that I never met you in person.  All the times you announced some event in which you were going to participate in some way, I wondered if I could make a trip to meet you and the crew in one of those  opportunities, just to say hi, as you requested.  I never thought that the time left to do it was going to be shortened in such a sudden way.  I’m happy for those people that did meet you sometime and that you had people responding with some gratitude anyway.  I had tons of fun and  entertainment with your videos and twice the learnings.  A big hug for you, and I’ll be glad to meet you in this or any world .  Thank you.
Welcome Roy I know it's not going to be easy to fill your brothers shoes but know we the community will do everything we can to help you. I know that you're going to be able to do it and that it cannot be easy given Paul's condition. We've got your back brother!
Godspeed 🫡
I wish you the best Pual
I'll miss you forever, Paul. You  have given  me more knowledge than anyone else in my life. I really appreciate you
I just can't find the words.
Thank you Mr. Harrell
You taught us a thing or two and you never left anyone out, regardless of skill level. That took a lot patience and time and that's the thing that meant the most to us
Thank you Paul. I appreciate you
Thank you for everything Paul!
your in my prayers, thank you for passing your knowledge 🙏
😮😮😮 Nooooo!
You should record hundreds of 2-3 second clips, so Roy can edit them into every video going forward. Maybe even something longer, like a tidbit of life advice that he can add to the end of every video.  Just an idea.
Thank you for all the videos you have done.
Thanks for everything Paul. Get well soon.
Paul, all I can say is that I will miss your style and experience but I will respect your choice of successor. Welcome Roy.
😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
God Bless you, Paul. We will miss you.
thank you for everything youve taught me
Gonna miss you, Paul...thanks for everything. Be staying right here...You are in my prayers...
Always informative, pioneered the meat target, covered obscure or less considered cartridges or situations.   Shooting from a bed.... you litteraly brought a bed to a range just to teach us something insightful.   If i had to sum your work up in a word, it would be "impactful"   Paul Harrell, Massad Ayoob and Jerry Miculec. 3 legends from a time when guns were actually used correctly and for a purpose.
Thank you for sharing your knowledge and your experience with us all. I admire and appreciate your work and will keep you in my prayers.
Fuck man, it's gonna hit hard later on.....
Thank you for everything, Paul.  You're gonna be missed, more than you'll ever know. Welcome, Roy. I hope Paul's audience qelcomes you with open arms. I know I will.
Thank you for all you taught us, Paul.
I've started watching because of Paul, and he's made me want to stay for the format. Roy better make him turn up for some cameos in the anecdotal skits.
Wishing for the best Paul. Thanks for all you have done, and hopefully will do and a big welcome to your brother!
Hopefully roy has the same kind of clever wit that paul has blessed us with for so long - being the kind of guy that could call you dumb in a way you wouldnt figure out till next week
Thank you for many years of wonderful content that was both entertaining and educational. Prayers for your health and your family. We will miss seeing your wit, humor and experience in firearms.
Paul, I have enjoyed your videos for many years. It is my prayer that healing comes your way. Your presence will be greatly missed.
Paul you've brought us hours of entertainment and education, and you're facing this with the utmost grace and dignity. You set the standard we can only try to attain. May God ease your passing into the next life.
Paul, I can’t say anything that hasn’t already been said. So I’ll just say a heartfelt thank you, and sincere well wishes for you and your family    Look forward to the new content.
We love you Paul!
Bless you Paul.  God be with you and your family. We will keep watching the the best channel on YouTube now with Roy.
My life literally won't be the same without you Paul. I've been watching your videos for years. It just won't be the same without you, especially on the holidays. I love your holiday specials
I sure am gonna miss ya Paul. Thanks for all you've taught us.
May God bless you.  Praying for healing and recovery.
The original OG man hang in there
Paul I can heal you of your big c
I will thoroughly miss you Paul. Thank you
Paul, For the last couple of years I have looked forward to seeing a new video from you so I could learn something new and be entertained by your ascerbic wisdom and wit, most of which I believe went over the heads of many people. Thank you for your hard work and dedication to present factual firearm info to the viewers. Thoughts and prayers with you always, and hearty welcome to your brother Roy.
Noo I haven't watched your videos in a few months but I just found out your health isn't the best from a face book post no dude I wish you the best I'll miss looking up your channel and watching your videos
Good luck Paul, thank you for all of your help over the years.
Thanks, Paul. I have really enjoyed watching your channel for the past few years for the wealth of information you gave to everyone, the great insights, tests, opinions, anecdotes, and stories. I could sit and listen to you reading from a shopping catalogue and consider it an hour well spent, and I would have learnt something from it. You are a great teacher and mentor to many who follow your channel. Thank You for that.    And Welcome Roy. I look forward to learning as much from you going forward.
Welcome Roy. All the best to you Paul! I'm sure it will continue to be a great channel.
Paul, I don’t often post but want to thank you for all of the stories, anecdotes, and lessons. Despite your Shatner-esq pauses I learned a lot and watch to the end of every video, something I don’t generally do. I pray to god that in this fight you are currently in you wage victorious. Your brother looks like a good man, so I will follow him while you are recovering.
Mr. Harrell, you are my favorite firearms instructor and Youtuber.  Keep fighting and know that you will be missed, but never forgotten.  You have instructed a whole new generation of responsible firearms owners.  Your impact on the 2A community is incalculable.  Whoever Paul trusts to continue the channel is trustworthy in my book.  My subscription isn't going anywhere, welcome Roy!
Thank you so much for devoting the time and effort to quality content. I for one will continue following, and thank you to Roy for continuing your vision.  May God lead you with clarity in your future.
Im not counting you out Paul
Thanks Paul for the videos, your analytical precision, and your own unique, dry comedy that you've always intertwined. Your "Meat Targets" TM will always be legendary in the annals of the internet and the gun community. You may be worrying about the channel, don't. You've made your mark, your brand, and it has influenced the entire community to be more analytical, and rely less on mythos and "hype". If your brother wants to take up the channel and learn the ropes of presenting on film, we will be watching in support.
Paul, you are in my prayers. Tough to see you going through adversity with your health. We look forward to Roy's contributions to this channel, but we also look forward to seeing you for many more years once you've kicked this thing!
So much good content trough the years. So many good stories ! Thank You and Best Regards from 🇫🇮!
As a very green and wet behind the ears qualified firearms instructor from south africa(only 5 years in the industry) I can say only one thing THANK YOU MR HARREL! For the last 10 years or so you have guided me,taught me and encouraged me to share my passion with as many as possible! As you have over the past many decades! Please take some time for yourself, you have given an incredible amount to all of us! I know if in 20 years I can be a 10th of the man and 100th of the trainer you are I will be one of the greats! Again thank you for making me and many others better people and better shooters!
Paul, I can't express how much I have enjoyed what you have shared with this community and what it means to me personally.  You are a pretty awesome guy, you will be missed so very much.  Thanks for all you have shared,.and Godspeed.
Paul, thank you for all of your fantastic work. God Bless and Godspeed.
Thank you for everything Paul. Welcome Roy. I'm sorry for these terrible circumstances to come about. I wish your family and loved ones the best in these times.
So grateful for everything you've done, Paul. You will be sorely missed. God speed.
Roy seems so similar to Paul hahahaha
🥺
Paul - thank you for compiling such a treasure trove of useful data and analyses all wrapped up in your dry humor.  It will be enjoyed by generations of firearms enthusiasts for a long time to come.  Welcome Roy.
i'm a young fellow (teenager), but i love firearms, and especially paul harrell. i always go to him when he has the gun-related explanation i'm looking for; in fact, he's the guy that i looked to for in-depth shotgun and revolver handling, and i'll always be thankful for that. he's like my amazing firearms grandpa, and it wouldn't be the same without him. we all love you, paul, wishing the best for you going forward <3
You've helped a lot of people, I look forward to Roys stories and I hope the best for ya Paul.
Thank you Mr.Harrell,God Bless, G.L.Pfeiferling .
Godspeed to you Paul. As a novice gun owner, I started watching your presentations about 4 years ago, and have learned more from you than anywhere else. Your Negligent Discharge presentation should be required viewing for every rookie gun owner! Looking forward to Roy's offerings!
Already missing you Paul! I think the meat target is going to be our Thanksgiving dinner from now on.
Not ashamed to say the tears are streaming.  Paul, your particular dry matter of fact personality has been a great joy to witness.  I certainly have a strong interest in firearms, but i watched your videos for you, for the shatneresque    pauses… and all the quirks in between.  You are loved, and remembered.  In the words of admiral William Adama “you have found immortality that only the gods once knew.”
Hello Uncle Roy! I'm glad to see you. I can't wait for your content. No need to be so nervous. You'll do well!
Sir you're truly an inspiration & a mentor for us, from the way you've shrugged off any inane drama as it arrose over the years. Even now, in the stoic way you basically gave a nod, said "it's been good times, but I gotta go, oh & here's your new Sargent of arms" then walked off cam like John freaking Wayne.... Obviously, the depth of practical firearms instruction was of great valuable... However, I've watched meat ballistics tests on calibers I never plan to own. I've laughed at your (very relatable) sarcastic responses to steel clanging, timer fapping, beard greasing tactitards. It took awhile, but StoogeTube is finally trained to always put your new content front & center...   I just wanted to say thank you brother, i hope it was a good ride for you as well, because we are very impressed & grateful.  Godspeed... Maybe I'll be seeing you, over the next hill soon enough.
Out of all the lessons, information, and life skills you've taught to millions at this point, I think the biggest one I've taken away is your compassionate stoicism.   Seriously, it takes a hell of a man to continue pumping out videos after a diagnosis, as well as to work to transition to someone more... "capable" rather than call it a day, which would be more than deserved at this point.   There is no compassion baiting, no macho proving to others, no emotional rants or complaints about problems in the world, just simply a man on a mission.   There's nothing a YT comment can do to change the way life goes sometimes, but I wanted to bring that up. I'll happily be around for Roy, and while there's only ever one Paul, I'm very relieved to see the same Shatner-esque... pauses and cadance!  Jokes aside, thank you.
One of maybe 5 channels I recommend. Ive enjoyed the ballistic and damage comparisons, and the way you bring the narrative back to reality. The most annoying thing with most other channels is their hyper focus on popular wisdom, mythology, and foolish marketing hype, which you love shining a light on, and I enjoy so much.
My 17yo son talks about you and watches you all the time. I’m praying that somehow you can beat this🙏🏼❤️
I salute you, sir.   Give'em hell in Valhalla if thats where you're going
God Speed Paul. Thanks for everything. I recently made pineapple upside down cake in a Dutch oven. Thanks for the idea. Everyone loved it. (I rarely cook, so this was a big deal.)  I hope to see you on the other side. 🤗
Paul, good luck and God bless you and your family.  You will be missed.  Roy, welcome, and thanks for stepping up to keep your brothers legacy going.
Paul, thanks for all the videos you gave us.  They are  the best.  And now, thanks for letting Roy take the torch.
Thanks for everything, Paul.  Your videos have always been informative and entertaining.
Devastating
I can’t wait for Roy honestly. Who knew he has so much experience!!!
Wishing you the best of possible outcomes.   I thank you for the knowledge you've provided thru the years.  I plan on staying a subscriber.
Paul, I haven't commented much but your videos are awesome and I greatly appreciate all I have learned from you on your channel
Thanks for all you've done and shared with us. Not everything was applicable because I'm Canadian, unfortunately. However I enjoyed almost every video.
Paul, thank you so much for your informative videos over the course of your run on YouTube. You belong on the Mount Rushmore of guntubers   We will welcome Roy with open arms and may peace be with you
Paul you have blessed this community with entertaining, thoughtful, educational, and at times comical content and information. Your wisdom has reached so many and I hope you know how sincerely your fans appreciate all the time you've spent doing what you do. I truly wish nothing but the best for you and hope to continue seeing you around on this channel. Roy will be welcomed with open arms, but never forget the impact you've made to your viewers.
Keeping you in my prayers!
Thanks for all the years of instruction and more importantly some of the most intelligent humor this side has to offer
Paul, Thank you for your KB, stories and experiences. They had made an impact to me and those who I've introduce your videos to.
Peace to you Paul.  Thanks for everything.
The process of crossing the rainbow bridge is a very personal and private matter and we wish you to cross it however you see fit. We appreciate all the time and effort you have put into making the world a safer place.  That being said please dont feel like updating us is a burden, it might not feel like it but you have hundreds of thousands of folks that would love to hear from you if you're motivated and able to. It doesnt have to be downer videos but something akin to scout campfire stories that don't require anything but your recollection of some good times and a camera pointed in your direction.
All the best Paul. Roy, can't wait to see what you bring.
Men like you come along far too seldom in this short life we live. You have been a huge influence on me in the short time I've been following the channel and I'm going to miss the sincere and honest guidance we have all been blessed with. I'm praying for you every day my friend!  God bless you and thank you for just being the kind of man we should all aspire to be.❤️
Paul, we'd love if you'd do a "around the campfire" type video series too, and just share life stories. You're one of the wised people in the 2a community, and having you share some life experiences for some of the younger generation would be great as well.  God bless brother.
I must've missed something, Paul.  I guess you're sick or injured, judging by the crutch.  I sincerely hope you get well soon, whatever the problem may be.  I've always enjoyed your videos.  You're very meticulous and you cover as many angles as you can.  As you have mentioned at times, "you can skip the tedious parts and fast forward to...."  Hey!  That wasn't tedious!  Maybe it was long, but it was careful and as factual as you could possibly make it.  I appreciate all your efforts.  Really.  You've done some wonderful work in shedding light on some dark corners.  For instance, comparing .22 handguns to .25 ACP,  you made it as equitable as anyone ever has.  Or equitably comparing 12 gauge vs. 16 gauge, both videos are two of my favorites.  And I think you gained a new appreciation of the 16 gauge, yourself.  I know you shot it better!  The only target you missed with the 16 was caused when you and your clay target thrower got out of sync, otherwise you'd have made a perfect score with the 16.  Anyway, whatever your problem is, I wish you the very best and send sincere prayers your way.  I hope you can soon resume your place, making great guns and ammo videos for us. Thank you and all the best to you!
Thank you, Mr. Harrel.
We are all in denial lets face it. But paul has family. Which is unsurpassed for comfort.
Paul buy your brother a cattlemens overcoat. Im not being rude. Im just putting myself in the directors seat. It would be good for the channel. Òr an ll bean parka.
Mr Harrel you’ve been one of my favs for years and I must say it’s been very educational and entertaining. I’m sad and sorry to see you have to step away knowing that you must be in rough shape. Prayers to you and yours and for a smooth crossing. Thank you for your service and the knowledge you have shared. Much respect.
I hope you will get well and back working full time soon.
You made the world a better place, Paul. /salute
Paul, you have been a tremendous source of knowledge and entertainment. Thank you for everything.
I love everything about this channel. The amount of knowledge I've gained over the past 8 years is immense. Thank you for all the time you've spent with us.
Paul was an iconic instructor whose instructions always reminded me of those goofy '80s instructional VHS tapes, especially with his unironic use of "presentation" except he actually teaches you something, effectively. His methods were near perfect IMO especially in a shareable video format that so many guntubers cannot fathom let alone record. His teachings not only learn you but teach instructors on information conveyance. He could teach both the student and the instructor. That's his way of bringing that info into the 21st century.   Its up to us to carry his info, make it ours and advance on it with our own methods and experience. The best of us will filter out the bad like sifting thru so many bad guntubers and *Present* our info to the masses.  Years ago I once asked him what config of a 20ga spread pattern would match the 12ga config spread pattern in that video (i forget which one). His response was Thats a good question but the logistics of getting and testing all those 20ga shotguns would be immense.  Ha ha I know it would've but I still wanna know!
We will Miss you Paul and thank you for your videos and service.  We are praying for you.  Hi Roy, we look forward to see you.
Mr.  Paul Harrell I love your channel and your wealthy of knowledge and wisdom.  I've learned so much due finding your channel has helped me, in other areas of my life, more than just firearm safety etc. However I want to say Thank you! I'm not The most faith based person, But I'll be praying for you're clean bill of health fast.  Stay Strong and Keep Fighting!
Look up GC-Maf as a treatment.  It might save your life.
Tell your friends fellas, let's get Paul to 1 million subscribers.
Guys, go out, spread the word....let's get Paul to 1m subscribers.
Gday Roy !  Thank you Paul your a Legend !  Ive only recently discovered your channel and can see theres so much to learn from you for years to come .  Cheers
Mr. Harrell, you will be missed.  Thank you for your service, your lessons, and your laughs.  God speed!
Yeah.  But do you know how to cook Thanksgiving dinner in the stix?!
Thank you Sir for all the effort you have put into providing us with excellent content. My family and I have learned a lot. Good to meet your Roy, will be here to see you succeed.
Paul thank you for being a great teacher and mentor. You have made a huge contribution to our community. I pray for you and your family. Please get well soon and stay strong. Look forward to hearing the knowledge your brother will impart on us.
Paul, i have no words(  I cannot find words. Thanks for your work.  I wish for your recovery.
Thank you Paul for all the training from the UK. Your legacy will go on through the generations on this platform.
Maybe listening to viewers who have been through very similar situations wouldn't have been so bad after all.
Good luck Roy - I'm in.  Paul, you're the best.
Paul, prayers to you. Welcome Roy
Welcome, Roy. We are eternally grateful for your brothers, and now also your work. Godspeed to your family.
The most intelligent and unique take on firearms, and life in general on the internet.  You have been dealt one of life's toughest hands.  One can only admire the character you display while dealing with this disease.  I wish you the very best of outcomes Paul!
Paul, wishing you all the best from the Uk, we have a very different firearms culture from you guys in the USA. Ours is very much about sporting and hunting usage rather than personal defence. None the less your videos have been very interesting and informative. All the best from your viewers and fans in the UK.
Jesus love him.
Your one of my top channels I go to. I'll be praying for you.
how did i miss this - I'm subbed n belled n youtube still didn't notify me - LOVE YOU PAUL !!! - YOU'LL BE MISSED ... GREATLY 😢
lets get paul to 1 million
We all be praying for you. Hope is never lost.. You're an inspiration to all of us and source of good in this world. You are loved, a role model.  This literally breaks my heart. I'm still hopeful, but in case everything goes wrong, know that you'll be missed.
Thank you for being you, Paul. Welcome Roy.
We love you Paul
Bump
Algorithm
Mr. Paul Harrell, I have enjoyed your work for many years.  God bless you and your family.  I pray you have many more quality years with your family and friends (and perhaps your YouTube family)! Mr. Roy Harrell,  It's a pleasure to meet you sir, I look forward to getting to know you in the years to come. Jeff
Welcome roy
Paul, you are the gold standard for instructors and I will miss you. Go with God and we will see you on the other side. You and your family are in my prayers.
Thank you Paul, I feel as though you are a very close friend. Almost a brother, Roy, bless you and your family also.
Was that Paul heading off into the sunset? 😢
This is a sad day for me. I live in Germany, where are very strict firearmlaws in place. But i like guns. Your channel Sir, helped me a lot, to gain a deeper understanding of firearms and ammunition. Thank you for your great effort. I wish you all the best for your future.
Paul, thankyou for the countless hours of free entertainment and education you've provided over the last few years. You've had a profound, positive influence on thousands of people. Thankyou
I can't say anything that hasn't been said already but I'll echo the rest of the comments. Thank you Paul. Your contribution to this community and beyond is immeasurable and will leave a lasting impact forever. We love you.
Beat the Cancer Paul. Prayers for you and your family. We need more men like Paul in the world. I can say his content/personality rubbed off on me a bit. You’re in all of our hearts.
Welcome Aboard, Roy.  Paul not being on camera is ... who's chopping onions next to me?
Hello Roy, excited to see what you have in store for us. Paul, stay strong you have helped me and countless others in a way you can not imagine.
God speed Paul.
We love ya, Paul.
Paul. You are not "A professional". You are "THE professional", And you have cleared the fog of war amongst the myths, legends and missconceptions in the gun world with a lantern of common sense and physics. We cant thank you enough. You are literally a legend. We all love you and what youve done for us. Good luck in your future battles. Youve helped change the world  for the better so focus on your own thing for as long as need be my friend.
I cant thank you enough for everything. Thank you Mr. Harrell. Dont stop fighting ill be praying for you.
Hello Roy. Looking forward to get to know you. I won’t compare you to Paul. I sure am going to miss his style and intellect. Hope you all are getting plenty of quality time together.
good luck man
You've taught me so much thank you paul
Godspeed, Uncle Paul
Paul please keep sharing stories and wisdom as long as you are able! Praying 🙏 for you brother!!!
Paul, you are a gem of a gun guy … and we will miss you … Roy, welcome to the Channel … if you possess a fraction of your brother’s knowledge, wit, and sarcasm, you will be successful!
All the best to you Paul, thank you for everything. Roy, welcome! Huge shoes to fill friend.
Paul thanks for all the advice and tips. You are always going to be the star of the show. You are a legend in your own right. Prayers for you brother.
Mr.Harrel, I hope in some manner this comment can display the amount of gratitude I and this community have towards you. You are genuinely like no other presenter in this format. And we all appreciate you shared the wealth of knowledge that you have.
😢😢😢
Paul, we’re praying for you brother!
Thank you, Paul, for sharing your thoughts and knowledge with us. God bless you, and I pray for your relief.
If the internet can show out for Demo Ranch, GT and shit like that, then I feel like there's something we should do to show Paul how important he is. Idk.
I hope you stepping down is not because your condition has worsened tragicly, and that you will recover in time. Regardless, thanks for the contribution on this platform, and the the knowledge and wisdom you've put into it. However Roy does going forward, the channel will not be the same without you.
Best YouTube hands down. Keep sharing those stories brother.
Paul, life may be fleeting, but you’ve added greatly to millions of peoples lives, you’ve had more of a positive effect merely through this channel than some ever do in their entire life, that excluding any and all of the good you’ve done in your personal life. I may be a stranger on the internet, but from one guy whose been in the shit, albeit a slightly different kind of the shit, to another, I’ve got nothing but respect and gratitude. May you find peace in whatever comes next
🫡
God bless you, Paul.
Thank You for all the knowledge Paul. I'll keep you in my prayers brother 🇺🇸 💥🙏🏼
❤️
This is one of the most under rated gun channels on YouTube. We would obviously love to hear from you if you are able and willing but I am sure your brother will honor this channel. Godspeed Paul
Thank you Paul for being a man of integrity.
Thanks Paul
I have learned much from your posts and I have recommended you to my friends as the go to person for an objective look at firearms.  God bless and Take care.
Looking forward to the videos Roy, hope Paul makes a speedy return
Roy: Welcome!
PAUL: Thank you for your service & all the superb wisdom over the years! You're a great American & a good man!
Sadly, you are a member of a very large club.
Sounds like Paul has a terminal illness?
Get well soon Paul, we are all praying for you
Just wanted to say " Thank you Mr.Harrell"  That cannot be said enough.
Welcome Roy and will say i hate to see you go Paul. Your videos are the bomb have enjoyed your channel for many a year now.
❤
Thanks for everything, Paul. Your videos have been a huge part of my journey in firearms ownership as they have to countless others. You’ve achieved immortality in the hearts and minds of us all. Godspeed to you.
Much respect, Paul. When my little brother received the same diagnosis you got, he went to bed and that's where he stayed to the end. He could have done more with the short time he had left, but chose not to. Sure, there's reasons and there are excuses and he isn't around to give any of them. So, when I say I have much respect for Paul, it comes from the heart, because if he had done what my brother did, nobody would have held it against him.
We love you Paul!
Thank you Paul for all the years and all the videos. :( Sad news, what else to say.
Damn
Welcome Roy! We're all gonna miss you Paul, even if you don't want to hear it...
Paul, thanks so much for the years of content. It's so difficult to balance the entertaining and informative and you did it better than most. I look forward to rewatching your videos and Roy's new ones for years to come. I wish you and your loved ones as much happiness as possible for as long as possible. Thanks for everything.
Love to you and all who love you!❤ I’ve really enjoyed your content and have learned so much from you and your videos. You’ve brought entertainment and education to me in this very short life we have here. I pray you are at peace with the ending of this experience and ready for what comes next. Much love
Friends, please join me in sharing this video far and wide. Subscribe if you haven’t, and encourage others to do so. Let’s get Paul to a million subscribers ASAP.
Praying for you Paul. Welcome Roy.
Fair winds and following seas.  I've enjoyed your knowledge and wit for years.
Just going to be straight up honest here.  If Paul is unable to beat this dreaded thing,...I'll have to say goodbye, not only to him, but to the channel.  I mean _NO_ disrespect to Roy!  He seems to be a very good person and would probably make good content.  But this channel, for me, wasn't so much about the type of things tested....but Paul, himself.  He _is_ the content of this channel.  It makes no difference what is being tested.  It's why I literally sat for over an hour......watching him cook things!  His personality.....and 'Shatner-esque pauses'....will be missed very much.
Thank you very much for your work over all these years, Paul! Welcome and kudos to Roy.
Roy.  By C.W. McCall.
Welcome, Roy, how are ya now?   Godspeed, Paul, and thank you for everything you have done to support and promote our hobby.  Prayers for you and your family, good sir.
Awesome, great to meet you Roy.
Hi Roy
Thank you Paul!
Paul,  God bless you.   ❤
You’ve got this, Paul! Welcome to the Channel Roy!
Paul, you can't just walk away like this. I mean, you can. But you shouldn't. How about having an AMA livestream party where all the people (like me) who've appreciated your content over the years can THANK YOU and wish you well LIVE? Please consider it, and I/we wish you the best.
Thank you for all the knowledge you've given us Paul!
Paul, thank you for the real world content you put out. Your videos, especially the Cap and Ball Revolvers for Personal Protection video, helped me immensely during a 4 year period in my life when I was in a pretentious battle against the State and during that time period I was one of those "certain individuals" until I won. Your work means a lot to me.    Roy, please continue to put out content for the real life citizenry of this country. Be humble and take guidance from the crew. They are the well oiled machine behind the content that we all love and it's a blessing they are still committed to putting in the work.
When was this first mentioned of this? I remember him talking about breaking a hip which was the reason for the crutch but never about cancer.  When did I miss it?
thank you Paul
Welcome aboard Roy, looking forward to your experience, training, and education. Just like Paul I’m sure you are more than qualified to take over the channel. I’ve enjoyed Paul over the years God bless Paul
This hurts but I understand. Welcome Roy
Paul; you are truly a gift to the gun community.  God bless and stay strong.  Thank you for all you've done and most of all, taught us all.
Paul, you are just solid gold as a speaker, your steady, no drama style has been a relief to listen to. I wish you all the best, and look forward to seeing Roy's  presentations
God Paul is a Legend. I’m just a bro from wa, but his videos sparked my interests in fire arms and more than just self defense.
Thank you for everything Paul
You are awesome Paul! Thank you for all the knowledge you've shared. I've learned a lot, on a wide spectrum, from you personally. Thanks again.
Brother Paul, if you need anything please feel free to reach out. ~USAF 🇺🇸♠️🇺🇸
God bless Paul. Say hi to my daughter for me.
Just do some videos that are just stories.
Welcome Paul. That said, if this is the last time we see you god speed and thanks for all that you’ve done.
In over a decade and a half of using YouTube, I have commented three times on videos. I wish that there was a more potent way of displaying my respect and thanks for the years of unmatched presentation, eloquence, fact-checking and demonstrated manners Uncle Paul has provided to the world - not just pertaining to firearms and related topics, but also related to the general approach of delivering, informing, and presenting one's point to those willing to listen in varying amounts. In hopes of having the gravity of the thanks that I (and I am certain many others) will forever feel indebted to give to Paul and his team, I hereby salute you with all due honours, Sir.
2 years ago i lost my old man to kidney cancer, my life is not the same after his passing, its really hard and the pain never goes away. I pray for you paul and all your family.. cancer is hard but always have faith. Thank you for all the knowledge you graced us with and may it be your key to heaven. 🙏
God bless you Mr. Paul Harrell, you Sir have been an inspiration and I have very much enjoyed your opinions over the years, may God bless you and your family with nothing less than miracles at this difficult time, in Jesus name we pray, amen.
Welcome Roy and thank you Paul!
All of these videos need to be on a hard drive and uploaded to a gun friendly video sharing site so they will be on the internet forever. I don't Trust YouTube to allow gun videos on their site for very much longer.
Paul. I’ve enjoyed every video and learned a lot. Prayers to you and your family. Thanks for everything.
✌🏼
Paul thank you for your content over the years.
I never had a dad that cared about me. For a short time in my life when I found your catalog of videos... you we're my gun dad. You will always have a special place in my heart. I will never forget you. We will carry on.
I learned a lot from you Paul. I Hugely appreciate the time you put into making these presentations.
Welcome Roy & good health for Paul!
See you on the other side, Paul. Love you.
Thank you very much for the great content you provided, always a pleasure to watch your videos.
Gonna miss your videos but lool forward to Roy taking over. Ive learned so much from you over the years and will continue to learn from all of your content you have accumulated.  Godspeed sir , i send you and your family love and prayers.
Thank you for all the content you've given us over the years in such an informative and entertaining way.  Best wishes.
Big shoes to fill, and plenty of wisdom. You've taught me so much about firearms that I'll never be able to repay. Im starting my first job as a Firearms Engineer tomorrow, and I should let you know your analytical style was part of what inspired me to take this route.
hey paul. good luck.  love your channel.   you will be missed.  good luck roy.
Paul, my husband watches and adores you. You are Uncle Paul Harrell, we are both truly grateful to have hours upon hours upon hours of your incredible wit and knowledge to watch forever thank you so much for sharing yourself with the world!
There will be some growing pains, Roy, but you've got a patient audience. Nothing but love for Paul.
Thank you for the things youve taught me , god bless you paul.
Welcome, Roy Paul, you've made a difference. Whatever happens, thanks for sharing your knowledge all these years.
Thank you Paul for the many awesome videos and sharing of knowledge! I'm glad we have all your videos to watch and keep with us as you continue on with your journey.
Paul, from a 76 year old lifelong shooter and hunter, a proud former soldier in our US Army, and a long time follower of your stories and teaching, thank you and Godspeed. I pray for physical healing, but more importantly for peace and comfort for you and for your family.
Paul,best of luck, prayers for your recovery.
Nice to meet you, Roy.  Good luck; you have our support!
Paul, thank you for your service, expertise, knowledge and quality content on this channel. Wish you luck.
You will be missed. I've learned so much from your videos. I watch your videos, even if they don't pertain to what I have, or am expected to buy. Your videos are so entertaining.
Hello Roy. Miss you already Paul
Thank you so much Paul. You have left the world a better place. You don’t know me but the hours I’ve spent with you have made you a close friend of mine. Safe travels friend. Welcome Roy, sending love your way. Thank you for carrying on Paul’s legacy.
he looks and talks like louis CK's character on parks and rec! I love it.
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you Paul for all you have shared.
When I clicked on this little video I didn't expect it to basically ruin my day and depress the hell outta me. Been watching since the beginning. Thank you for everything. I don't know what else to say.
Hey Paul, I know it's not what you want, but I can't refrain from at least mentioning that you've been a blessing to those of us interested in learning. Thanks.
Godspeed Paul. You are an Inspiration to us all.
Love you Paul
We’re really gonna miss you, Paul. But Roy, we are looking forward to having you keep this channel going.
Welcome to the show new guy.
crying in the club rn
This sounds quite ominous.  You have been my favorite YT gun guy since I found you many years ago.  I'll continue to pray for you and look forward to a time when you can return to making content.
Paul, you will continue to be in my prayers. My wife and I love you and your channel.
We love you Paul, you're a blessing and impacted the world more than you know
sincerely going to be missing you paul
Wow.  Just Wow.  God Bless Brother.
I had not heard of this channel or Paul Harrell until listening to H45's latest shoot a round.Subscribed.
God bless you
Thanks for everything! Great job!
May God bless you always Paul!! Thank you!! ❤
Nice to meet you Roy.
Thanks for all you have done for the community, best!
Hey Paul I sure am going to miss you and your vids, was hooked the first time I scrolled to your channel. I do hope Christ is your Savior and that you have bowed the knee to Him, trusting in him completely. We are all sinners, no matter how good we think we are we are all guilty before God, like a murderer who stands before a judge declaring all his good works he did before he committed murder. Judge don’t care about good works. He cares how are you going to pay for the crime. Christ took our sins on that cross and said if you will turn from your sins and trust in Him you will be with Him when you give up your last breath on the most amazing shooting range you have ever seen. You will be greatly missed Paul, hope to see you on that glorious range someday. Much love Paul and God bless.
😪
One thing that 2020 proved is that doctors don't know everything.  There is a theory that diet can help remove cancer.  Not embraced by main health care providers. Sugar is one cancer growth stimulater.
Paul, I know you don’t like the mushy crap. But man you’ve been an inspiration. See you on the other side.
F
Thanks for the content sir. Not sure the full extent of ailments but the new biotech from LifeWave regenerative medicine has helped thousands with testimonies. Proprietary patented Stem Cell Activation all natural. God bless
Mr. Harrell. I would like you to know I've watched your videos over the years and have always taken something good and new from them. God bless you and keep you in His healing hands. I will surely miss you and your sense of humor. Best of luck to your brother, Roy.
Can anybody tell me whats going on?
I'm sorry I missed something, can you explain why you are leaving?
Thank you for all of your video content!  There is life after death, put your faith and trust in Jesus!  He has the only treatment for our sick and broken condition!
Much love to you Paul.  Thank you Roy for stepping in.
Too much love, Paul you are absolutely amazing.
Paul -- thank you for putting in all of that hard work over the years.
Thank you Roy for continuing with the content. Paul thank you for your willingness to share your experience in a way that is so important and meaningful. You have taught me many important lessons and I’m sure I’m not alone in that. I’ve been a quiet supporter for many years now and will continue to be, we all can only hope to leave our mark in this world and your work here will live on. I’ll miss your dry humor and honest commentary. Thank you Paul.
God bless you, Paul and thanks. God bless you, Roy and welcome!
Thank you Paul. God Bless you my friend
I believe that the best measure of a man's life is the impact that he has made on the world and the people who he encounters on his journey.  By this, and likely by any other measure, you should be proud of how you chose to live your life, Paul.  Thousands of people, few of us who have ever even met you, hold you in exceptionally high regard and are literally praying for many more years of time with you.  May that knowledge bring you peace and contentment.
Poptarts forever!
Paul still thinking about his fans 😭
Thank you for all you've taught me Mr Harrel. May God bless and keep you .
Thank you Paul for the most informative and entertaining firearms YouTube channel there is.  Thanks for all you have done.  I'm praying for a miracle.
May your further travel be pleasent and joyful! Thank you for your uncountable hours letting us participate in your knowledge and thoughts about firearms! Glück ab!
Thank you for all you've done for the shooting community. You have thousands of us who consider you a friend even though we've never met you in person. And we are heartbroken. God bless you
I appreciate you immensely for your devotion to the firearms community Paul! I hope your life is still full of longevity. If sadly it isn’t… what a gift you gave us. I hope you are proud of your accomplishments. I know we are! I hope Valhalla is a long way away for you, but till then if not…
Sorry to see you go, you truly will be missed.
Love you Paul, looking forward to your brother's content. You've made a huge impact on so many people. I imagine you feel more fulfilled than 99% of people on this earth. I'm envious of the man you are, and hope to cast a shadow as big as yours one day! Take it easy and get some rest
Dear Paul, you’re like the John Lennon of YouTubers (why not Paul McCartney?!  John came to mind first.) to me. To put it another way, Jesus loves you and so do I. Thanks for helping me to learn things my heart murmur blocked for me in my youth.
Did I miss something is he retiring? Or  did I miss somethin with his diagnosis.
Today a "like" is not enough. Also a "thank you" seems inadequate and not enough for all that you shared on this format, but i don´t know what to say. Your videos are true gems! I really hope you have lot´s of caveats left against whatever might impair your health/ability to continue. Thanks for introducing Roy, the bad thing would be worse if you were just to dissappear one day. God bless you Mr, Harrell
may you find peace, and if ghosts are real there are plenty of candidates to haunt
Mr. Harrell, even though many people have offered their comments and well wishes, I doubt you will ever fully realize how impactful your contributions have been to this community. Thank you and get well soon!
If it wasnt for you Paul I would have never known that oranges are a good stand in for lung tissue   You are unrivaled in your ability to deliver concise info with a wise but dont eff with me manner thats entertaining in itself to watch let alone the great firearm lessons  Prayers for you
You are the Gold Standard by which every other youtuber is judged  Your thoroughness and dedication to getting proper facts and data are second to none.   I could listen to your anecdotes for ages,  thank you for everything you've done ❤️
Thanks for everything, Paul. You are my favorite teacher.
Ugh man, this hits hard. I think reality has finally sunk in for me.
Thank you Paul for all you have done for this community, you will be sorely missed. Keeping you in my prayers and wishing you the best of luck on your next adventure <3  And to Roy, we welcome you with open arms. I can't wait to see all the wonderful things you have to show us. We are here with you through thick and thin, no matter how many hiccups or unsurities may come along
Hope you read this Paul Harrell. Please write your memoirs. As distasteful as that might sound, it would be just another way to carry on. I can only imagine how many secrets you still have to share with us about self defense, outdoors, and life in geneneral. I know that you are the type of guy that loves a challenge.
Truly gonna miss you Paul you are one hell of a man, i loved every single video you’ve ever made and i’ll always appreciate the time you’ve spent making these videos for us
Farewell and Godspeed, Mr. Harrell. I’ll be keeping you and your family in my prayers.
May God bless you and your family Mr Harrell. You are one of a kind.
As someone who has been watching your channel for the last 6 or so years, I will miss you and your humor.  God bless you and your family.  You will be missed.  I am sure others here have deduced, like myself, you are not long for this world.  Cancer is hard to deal with... specially pancreatic cancer.
I am so sorry your health has not been good. I will pray for you. It has been my honor to support your channel & learn from you. I look forward future shows with you at least as a guest. May God bless your future for our benefit.
Thanks for all the profound insights you have given but of course I’m not a professional I know someone gave Aston Martin whose guns need to be aimed. Enjoy the tux and Aston Martin.😢😢😢❤
paul  thank you for all the things you taught me
paul  thank you for all the things you taught me
God's speed Paul Harrel!
Welcome Roy!
Mr. Harrell,  As a person who admires you, I extend my sympathies for your current health status. I have prayed to Jesus for your full healing, but if it not be His will for you recover from this, don’t get hung up on it. In the big picture, we’re all right behind you headed to physical death. What REALLY matters is eternity, and where the REAL part of us will spend it. If you haven’t already done so, take this time to accept Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Savior and reap the ultimate retirement plan: Eternity in heaven with our Lord. Don’t worry about making yourself perfect to get there, just submit yourself to Him as Lord.   Perhaps find a quiet, private room somewhere and say out loud, “Jesus, I know I’m a sinner in need of a Savior. I accept You as my Lord. Come into my life, what’s left of it. I want to spend eternity with You. Amen.”  In John 14:6, Jesus says, “ I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.”   Respectfully,   D.S.
There will never be a channel like yours or  person quite like you but i hope everyone can take a piece of you with them. you have given me alot of good advice. ill pass it on. Good luck forward. going to miss seeing you.
Paul, the pop tart openings always put a smile on my face. You brought so much wisdom and joy to us. Godspeed! Welcome Roy!
Paul handing over the reins to Roy in the most "Paul Harrell" way possible.  Kudos to both of you.  Looking forward to hearing Roy's stories.  "THANK YOU, SIR!"
Welcome aboard Roy, hey guys before Paul has to leave or step back and as a way to officially welcome Roy let's get the channel to a million.
Thank you and much love and comfort to all y’all.
I haven’t watched you a whole lot, but I’d like to say thank you for all the knowledge and laughs you’ve given this community. Godspeed to you
Thank you, Paul, for everything. I’ve often wondered how many people have sat in your dental chair having no idea what a badass you are. We love you.
Praying for you, Paul.  You are and will continue being an inspiration to many gun owners across this country.
That's sad. I feel like I'm losing a friend.
May god bless you
Paul I subscribed to your channel nine years ago and your videos have always been a prize. You have always laid out good solid information on variuous firearms, ammunition and techniques and I am sure many will miss you on this platform. Thank you.
Paul, I sincerely hope that the Good Lord gives you as much time as you need to do your work on this place we call earth, you cast a long shadow my friend, and I hope that you and your family can retain a bright hope for the future for it is truly glorious!  As a fellow OreGUNian, I welcome your brother Roy who i am sure will be in his own way, a great asset to the awesome community that your crew and yourself have built over the years.  You are all in my prayers, and there are worse things than bowing out. It will be a glorious reunion on the other side of this, of that I am certain!
You’ll live always Paul in our hearts and minds.
Good bye Paul you will be missed. I personally have learned allot from you over the years
Well nice for Roy to step in but this is sad. Always enjoyed your videos and personality
Going to miss you brother, may God be with you.
I've been watching your content for years. My sincere gratitude for all the information, life lessons and wisdom you shared with us. Thank you sir
Welcome Roy
Thank you Paul.  This old Marine is going to miss you.  Semper Fi .
Roy, I'm sure you'll do just fine.
Paul you rock brother. All of us her in the YTFC are going to miss the hell out of you. Im glad your brother is going to continue this legacy of yours and we'll be keeping you in our prayers. Thank you for sharing yourself and your time with us over the years. We are forever grateful!
Last night I got to thinking I think this was Paul's final goodbye to us. What a brave and great guy. He'll be missed. I'm so glad we have Roy. I'm sure he's whatchacall a professional. Love you Paul!
i stumbled onto Paul's channel a long time ago and have been a fan ever since. you will be sorely missed.
Paul and Family, I wish you Peace, Love and Comfort. Thank you for expanding my knowledge.
Roy, so unbelievably sorry for you, the rest of the crew, your family, and for Paul. I'm so sorry, Paul. This hit like a freight train, so I can't even imagine it for you all. Welcome, Roy... and be well.
Paul, thank you for being a part of our lives.
Thank you for your wisdom Paul!
Hope the light shines on you Paul and there is a great return glad to see the channel continue hopefully to your return.  Be safe and healthy enjoy your time how you want to spend it.  You have helped so many with you experience and knowledge.   You will be missed sir.  God bless.  From Texas
Roy, welcome.  Paul, we’ll miss you greatly.  I would not have grown to love firearms without your channel.  It has made a huge difference in my life.  God bless you and Roy welcome again!!
Paul, you will be missed. Thank you for all of your contributions to the community.
But how fast can he describe the fleece bullet stop?
No One Can Ever Take Your Place Paul !!  Thank You For The Many Years Of Educational Content And Excellent Stories ! You Will Truly Be Missed By Everyone That Ever Had The Opportunity To Watch Your Videos.  I Will Keep You In My Prayers And I Wish You A Peaceful Retirement.  May GOD Bless You !!
Thank you, Paul, for all the great content you've made over the years.   Godspeed, man.
Paul, thank you so much for all of the work you have done and the very educational videos you have made.  The humor was always a bonus   It has been my pleasure to have watched the content and I looked forward to seeing them as i still will.  I have learned from your work and experiences.  I also hope you have accepted Jesus Christ into your life as your savior.  You are tough.   May God be with you.  Max
Paul, I've enjoyed so many of your presentations and learned so much from you it is difficult to thank you adequately. You are among the best on YouTube and will be missed. May God bless you and your family!
God bless you Mr. Harrell.
so sad to see Paul leave thank you sir i have learned so much from your content and can even cook a turkey please keep us posted on your situation you are in our prayers.
Take it easy Paul….best wishes….
We love you man!
You are true role model, Paul.
The "dawn of time" explanations will live in infamy , forever imortalized by the internet. And Roy , welcome to the internet.
Welcome Roy, I admit though I am very sad.
Thanks for the great videos. I have learned more practical gun knowledge from you than anyone else.
Thank you, Paul. As a total firearms newbie, I found your channel about two years ago. I have learned from and enjoyed your presentations. You are without peer in the guntuber community. You have helped me to be safer and a better shooter and you did it with class, wit, and integrity. God bless you, sir.
I have enjoyed the logic you have shared with us for a long time and will continue to do so for years to come. Thank you! Prayers sent.
Thank you, Paul!
Godspeed Paul, we love you man, take care, keep fighting.
Only two words: Thank You ❤
Paul, I have enjoyed your content for years! I pray that your fight with cancer yields a victory! I have greatly enjoyed your Shatner……esque pauses, being a long-time Trekky. ✝️🙏🏻❤️
Paul…I’m keeping you, Roy and all your family in my thoughts and prayers 🙏🙏🙏
Paul, my kids will be shown your videos as they grow. Thank you for all the sharing!  God bless
I’m praying for you Paul..
Paul,   I have watched your channel for years. The knowledge I have learned from your videos has helped me tremendously in many  respects. Out on the range, while out and about, and out in the field. Others have already expressed this better than I am ever able to . Please understand you have been, still are, and will always be a jewel on YouTube like no other, and your instructional presentations have helped out millions worldwide in different ways.   Roy,  Thank you graciously for keeping the channel active so that its legacy can continue to live on. We eagerly look forward to what you will have for us. In any case, I wish the best for you, Paul, and the rest of your family and friends through this arduous time.
Thanks Paul for hours and hours of gun fun and education.  Your way more than that, but what I did see of you I will always remember.  May you find peace and comfort in knowing a life lived is a life well done.  God speed Sir!
I will really miss seeing you Paul. Thank you for all you’ve done.
Paul, viewer from New Zealand here. Just wanted to say thank you for all that you have taught me about shooting, cooking, camping, hunting, speaking/presenting, testing/evaluating and instructing among other things.   I will miss your wit, wisdom, caveats, yeahbuts, boring anecdotes, dawn of time explanations, tedious chronograph sessions and shatneresque…pauses.   Thank you again. Kia kaha (stay strong)!
God bless you, Paul.
Paul, You are one of a kind. Thank you for all you do.
Thank you Paul! You taught a generation of shooters more than you will ever know. You made learning a pleasure and somehow answered questions I never even knew I had. Godspeed, we are forever greatful.   To Roy, thanks for stepping up. Who better than the brother to take up the mantle. Theyre big shoes to fill, but im sure in time youll find your own way to fill them.   THANK YOU, both of you, and kick cancers ass Paul! We are all rooting for you!
Hang in there Paul.
Paul, thank you for sharing all of your knowledge with us
Thank you so much for everything, Paul.
God Bless Paul, You're awesome!
I'm sorry to see  you leaving Paul. Fu*k cancer ! Best wishes from a fan in Norway
this is the saddest thing I've ever seen on youtube
Welcome to the new boss! Same as the old boss? Sorry for the humor.  Paul I hope this isn't it. Thank you sir for addressing subjects in a very  positive and proper way. I hope you have a clear recovery.  Roy thank you too. Your perspective will be much anticipated.
How much time do you have? Or are you just physically not able to do it?
Dear Lord, let lightening strike twice.
I will miss you Paul.  You are irreplaceable.
Thanks for the content Paul, been watching for years. Stay strong
👍🏻
Love you Paul.   Thank you for all of you wonderfully funny and insightful videos, even though every one of them was too short.  I was hoping for the directors cut of the TEOTWAWKI video where you included the extra hour of bugging out at night on foot.  I wish you the best in your time off and recovery.  You will beat this.
For the past 5 years I've lost someone i look up to 😢. We will miss you and know that you made a difference in a lot of peoples lives
Thank you Paul. Good to meet you Roy. Thanks, guys.
Welcome Roy, and thank you, Paul, for all you've done for us these years. Still feels like a punch in the guts.
I loved watching your videos over the years. Very informative and well done. My prayers to you and your family. Thank you Paul for all you have done.
Welcome Roy! 👍🏻
Thank you Paul.
Thank you, Paul. Thank you for the many years of stories, especially the "dawn of time" versions, the anecdotes, the lessons, the wisdom, and the humor of your experiences. In a medium filled with worthless drivel, your channel has been the best example of a man doing something he loves and sharing that with the world. You will be missed.
Hey there Paul Thank you for everything you've taught us, for the holiday hours you've helped us get through, and, mostly, for being you in the face of all the craziness that is Guntube, to prove that there are many practical, no-gimmick gun owners just like you out there to keep up the tradition and pass on the torch, when the time comes. I don't know if your time is marked, but what you've achieved, I could only wish to achieve as much when my time comes.  Godspeed Paul, in this world and the worlds beyond.
We love you Paul. You're in our thoughts and prayers. Do whatever you need to do for you.
👍 für den Algorithmus
Hello ,  Mr. Harrell.  I just would like to say that I enjoy your content very much and it’s been very helpful , informative and educational.     That being said I just like to wish you the very best and that you get well soon.  We’re all praying for your health and a speedy recovery.  GOD BLESS YOU ❤
Paul, your videos have always been entertaining and instructive together, interesting even for someone from Germany with no practical use for guns and no gun experience at all in everyday life.
You’ve done a lot for this community, and we will be here rooting for you in your fight, Paul. Thank you for everything you’ve done for us. This hits like a dump truck. :(
A little bird told me you took it, Paul.  Say it ain't so man...  I can separate a man's good examples from bad, but it would still be a blow.
I'll never forget how much you made me laugh demonstrating a .22 sure beats nothing on soda jugs. If this is goodbye, thanks for everything
Thanks to you both.    And I wish my PSG would’ve been more like you, Paul. Very hard for an LT to learn from somebody who’s a dirtbag vs someone worth not only hearing but listening to.
In this day and age " Icon " and " Legend " are, more often than not,  used to elevate the status of mere mediocracy. Paul Harrell, " Icon and Legend " honours a man who deserves this tribute in it's truest and most heart felt sense. Over the years, I've loved your content and laughed out loud at your wit and stoicism. I wish we could get Pop Tarts over here. I, and I'm sure I speak for your many viewers in the UK, am deeply saddened at your news and will miss you more than I can say. Love and respect to a true Icon and Legend. You'll always be in our hearts Paul.
Paul,  thanks for showing us so much stuff, and being quietly  funny most of the time. We’ll miss you on YouTube and in our weekly lives.  Like everyone else I hope the next bit is not too hard.
Thank you. You have lived a life in front of us that I highly respect and appreciate. My father wasn’t around very much and I claim you as my favorite uncle. Thank you for your willingness to speak truth and to never lose your sense of humor. You have my prayers. Godspeed,brother.
Paul. I wont talk about you like you are gone and I won't say goodbye. I just want to say thank you for sharing your stories with us. You are a valuable and irreplaceable person.   For Roy, nice to meet you.
Those are awfully big boots to fill young lady. Give it some.
I just hope Paul's too busy because of a new hot girlfriend that he's investing his time at this point. I hate '24 already.
Paul... a man of such few words. Only the important ones. I'm pretty sad to see u go. I can only hope that you will return and show your face from time to time for one of your anecdotes. And of course your Thanksgiving and Christmas specials with the Dutch oven cooking. My wife and I have learned many valuable lessons from those alone. That's not including all the firearms training! You will be sorely missed sir. God speed. Please do consider returning from time to time!
Paul, I love you (no homo)!. Hello, Roy!
Roy, thank you for continuing this channel. Paul, thank you for all you have done and will continue to do.
Thank you for all the hours of information, experience and humor that you have shared with us all over the years.
Thanks for all the videos Paul. I enjoyed them all. I wish you the best of luck.
Thank you, Paul.
Paul.  Take the dewormer fenben I believe it’s called.
I have never seen this channel and I am curious because of the video. I hate to ask but why is Paul leaving? I can imagine the reason but I hope it is not what I think.  Can someone enlighten me?
You won’t be forgotten. You’ve left a tremendously positive impact on the world and this community. Thank you for all you’ve done and God bless.
best wishes from Vienna/Austria
Mr Harrell, youve taught this Uruguayan guy more than probably anyone in my country could. Youre a treasure trove of knowledge and i want to thank you for every bit of knowledge youve given us.     Thank you.
Thank you for all the entertainment and education Paul!
I was just checking your channel yesterday because it felt like I hadn't seen a new video from you in a while. I shrugged it off because I know you've been dealing with some health issues. Even though I don't really know you, seeing this video feels like a punch to the gut. I wish you well, and appreciate the years of shared knowledge and entertainment.
Found your channel about 8 years ago. You kept me company on many hours as I drove across the USA for work. Thank you for taking the time and effort to share all that you have. Your Thanksgiving specials have been a real treat. Like many offers have said and time willing, if your up for it, stories thoughts and reflections would be enjoyed and treasured.   Roy, pleasure to meet you and am looking forward to see where things go from here. Thanking for choosing to continue the channel and community. This must come with some mixed feelings and you have my heart felt condolences.
Thank you for all the great videos over the years Paul.
God bless you both!!!! And god speed!!!
Paul I never leave comments but, I just wanted to say Thank You. Your time on Youtube has been excellent. I have learned a lot from you, and appreciated your direct no nonsense approach. I hope your remaining time is spent with your family. Know that you are much loved. Your commentary as you would at times refer to it as "long winded, tedious, and boring" will be sorely missed.
Welcome to the community, Roy. Wish it was in better circumstances.
Godspeed o7
Love you Paul, thank you for everything you've done for us all with your channel <3
Thank you Paul. Welcome Roy.
Mr. Paul, I, like many others no doubt, have long considered you to be a mentor of mine. Your methodical approach to firearms and ability to consider and calculate nuance in regard to their use and deployment has done a considerable service to provide me the tools and knowledge to defend my country, my community, but most importantly my family. I mean this with as much sincerity and respect as one can possibly put into simple text. Mr. Harrel, from the bottom of my heart. I offer my deepest gratitude. To give a man the tools he needs to defend his family from those that could or would do them harm is truly a most gracious gift, and is one for which I am extremely grateful. If there is anything we can provide for your recovery, please do not hesitate to ask.   Mr. Roy. I look forward to learning all I can from you. Threats evolve over time and I take the defense of my home very seriously. Im interested to see your perspective on certain issues going forward and wish you much success and support.
With the length of the video, I was just expecting, "Hello, I'm Roy." And that would have sold me.
🥲
Farewell and Godspeed, Mr. Harrell. Thank you for your work.
Man fuck! I love this channel. My girls make fun of me cause I like Paul harrel and watch his videos all the time. They're teenagers who don't understand lol.   The impact Paul's had on me and the gun community is amazing. I love the Thanksgiving specials every year. Paul takes time out of his holidays to make content for people who may not have any family or just want a long video to enjoy.  Paul I'm sure you won't read this but man things won't be the same.. But I will still support this channel and thank you for being such a pillar in so many ways.
I love you so much Paul
Hi Paul. Just wanted to tell you how much I have learned and continue to learn from your channel. I love the straight to the point manner you and your vids have. Best wishes mate. I will stay tuned.
Don’t 100 push-ups for every sub will post a video about it at 1000 subs
Which video does he mention having pancreatic cancer with a terminal diagnosis?  I seem to have missed it...🙁
Jesus, this was a gut punch. Thank you for everything Mr Harrell.
looking forward to hearing about your topics and expertise, roy. all the best to both of you
Welcome brother Roy!  will be looking forward to learning from you.  We Love you Paul, blessings to you friend.
Paul could talk about picking a booger while waiting for the traffic light to turn green and I would still tune in and might learn something
Mr. Paul. thank you for everything! we'll be in here supporting your channel!
OMG this is stunning. I watch various people on YouTube, I've never found someone whose intelligence, integrity, sense of humor and honesty have held my attention over the years like Paul has done - guns or otherwise, doesn't matter the subject. God bless you, brother.
Love you Paul. Thanks for all the amazing content. I pray for you and your family.
This is unbelievable sad. But the time spent watching and listening to your videos undoubtedly was put to good use. Wish you the best
Any content from Paul Harrell is appreciated.  God bless you sir.
Thank you for the years of information shared the way, only you could bring it. See you on the other side, Friend.
Hi Paul. I'm not sure you'll ever get around to reading this, I'm sure you've got other things on your mind at the moment. But I wanted to personally thank you for anecdotes, stories, tips, and all your(and the teams) hard work. I always enjoyed the way you present everything with just the facts no nonsense, no politics, no song and dance, just the facts and your thoughts. I will always support you and this channel, no matter what happens. I honestly hope things get better for you, Paul. I really do.  Best of luck -Bear
Excellent thanks and well done. Looking forward to the new content, maybe I'll also start watching Paul's presentations from No. 1 which will keep me going for a while...
We love you in Canada as well Paul. Thank you for everything
Paul I have watched you since I was a kid. I'm 26 now brother. Love you dude.
Ok Roy,  but I don't like this,  not at all 😢😮😢
This is heartbreaking. Paul we’re all better for having been blessed with your presence all these years. Thank you for everything you’ve taught me, the hilarious stories told only as you can, and for taking the time to share your knowledge with the world.
Paul, I’ve been a subscriber for many years, and a patron for some. I for one would like as many more boring “me just talking” and “dawn of time explanations” as you are willing and able to compose … though you’ve already created a legacy that hopefully will be viewed in perpetuity. Thank you sir.
Paul, a simple thanks to you for all of the information and entertainment that you've supplied throughout the years. You've become a Thanksgiving tradition in my household and we looked forward to your tales and outdoor cooking each year. All our prayers and wishes for you and yours on this journey, Peace be with you my friend.
Paul you're an absolute legend through and through, i will be praying for a miraculous recovery!  Roy welcome to the youtube gun community, the circumstances of your arrival are sad but we are happy to have you and appreciate you taking up the mantle!
You seem like a good man to me mister Harrell. You've taught me a lot and entertained me, and I'm happy to have found your content. Go with God
Mr. Harrell, your videos have taught me alot. Your honest and experienced approach to firearms and your teaching ability have been a tremendous educational resource for all of us. I cannot thank you enough for your contribution to this community
Thank you for the video. Commenting for the Algorithm.(:
We'll miss you paul, i hope that you might show your face from time to time. I hope you get better soon. Howdy Roy, it good to know the channel will be in your hands.
God bless you, Paul. Your gun content, philosophies, and, frankly, your contribution to the human race is and always will be treasured. 🙏🏼
It ain’t over til it’s over yogi
We love you Paul. You are and will forever be a legend. Thank you for all the knowledge and great content. You are the best gun tuber there is. And I admire how you handle such a difficult situation with class and dignity. Thank you for being a smart, funny, and strong male role model and mentor for many of us. We will never forget you, and your memory will carry on forever.
thanks for all youve done paul, and ive got to say it. you have some damn cool cars.
We're gonna miss you paul. You brought us immense knowledge and laughter through the years. We welcome your brother with open arms.
Thank you Paul for everything have done and brought to us of all these years. Greatly appreciated, and Best wishes.
Damn. I really can't think of anything to say. Thank you Paul, good to meet you Roy. My thoughts are with Paul, the crew and family.
Nepotism rarely works Paul, but it has been GREAT watching you over the years Mr. Harrell and you will be missed😢
Paul i hope you are well thoughts and prayers are with you, semper Fidelis!!
YOU'RE A REAL ONE PAUL
Paul,    Thank you for sharing your knowledge on firearms with us. You're truly one of a kind. You will be missed.   Roy thank you for taking the torch. Looking forward to the content.
I wish you the best paul
I don't know if I've ever commented before but I just wanted to say that, with the possible exception of my father, no one has taught me more about firearms than you, Paul. You're a real inspiration to me.  Can't thank you and your crew enough. I'll keep you in my prayers. Love you Paul.
Hi Roy!  Looking forward to your content.  I think it's awesome you are putting yourself out there for Paul.
You Paul are the best U Tuber that ever lived. Thanx for all the awesome  content over the last decade.
Paul, I hope this isn't the last we ever see of you but if it is, thanks for everything.
Damn Paul, this really sucks, may you find peace.
Paul Harrell, thank you. You have helped me in my career and personal life. Again, thank you.
You're a great man. Im sorry for what has happened. I know you don't like being felt sorry for, but you deserve every amount of respect You're shown. Thank you for all the great videos and information. It has helped me and many others.
Paul, thank you so much for all the educational, thought-provoking and entertaining videos. Your work will truly stand the test of time and your contribution to this platform has been monumental. Thank you and God bless you.
Howdy, Roy!
I appreciate greatly the knowledge and stories you've shared. We've briefly met twice in Lincoln City and I had to stop myself from asking you for an autograph. Wish the best for you,your family and your dogs.
Dear Paul, I have thoroughly enjoyed viewing your content over the years. Not only informative, but your commentary and anecdotes are very interesting and often humorous. Thank you so much for all the great content over the years. Wishing you and your family comfort and compassion at this time. You feel like an old friend to me. Sincerely, Justin Chatov. Semper Fi
Like Mr. Roy says, hang in there. Paul, you’re in our thoughts and we wish you the best of luck.
Paul, we will continue this journey with Roy .. Thankyou for teaching and sharing. 👌🏼
Paul thank you for the vast amount of knowledge you've given us throughout the years on your channel. You've been nothing short of a great influence to the gun community
I have boundless respect for you Paul. No matter how things continue, I hope you know how much we as a fanbase appreciate all the knowledge and stories you've given us over the years.
Thank you for everything, Paul.
Thanks for everything Paul. When I started watching your channel I was just getting into firearms out in California which sucked. I've learned a lot from you and have also since moved. Now Im an infantry rifleman 1-327/101 (nice CIB I see in your older videos, amongst other things...now I know). This channel has so much to offer people who are interested in learning instead of blowing up random objects with large projectiles, which I admit is also fun. I wish you the best. Roy also seems to have a lot of experience and I bet he will keep on growing this excellent channel. Take it easy.
i think we would all love for you to make a video or videos of you just telling stories about your life.
This is the first time I’ve seen a gun channel trending; definitely not a good day tho
Glad to meet you Roy. And we fucking love you Paul. As a LEO who's been watching your videos since before I got my badge. You've helped me become a better marksman and the wisdom in your videos has both enlightened and entertained me on many long night shifts in my cruiser. God speed Mr. Harrell.
Thank You Paul for everything you do and for everything you have taught us. I have learned so much from you from ammo selection to baking a cake outside. Praying for you friend. 🙏
Long time fan. We are sad to lose you Paul. Having been born and raised in these PNW mountains "Montani Semper Liberi" and I hope I'm lucky enough to meet you on the other side.
Hey Paul I just wanted to say I’ve been watching your videos for a long time now (about 5 years) since my late teens into my early twenties and your like a YouTube uncle to me. I’m really sad your sick and it sucks. I’ll miss seeing you in videos and I hope you can recover.
Hi, Roy! Looking forward to seeing how you break in. Any when in doubt, do a fancy montage. Seems to work for the other GunTubers. 😜
Paul, prayers for you and best for you and Roy.
Thank you for everything Paul, best wishes  .. loved your videos, loved  your locations... Happy Trails
Much love and respect Paul
Mr. Harrell thank you for your time and insite you have provided with all your videos. I have personally enjoyed watching your videos and hope and pray for the very best for you.
nooooooo
Hey Roy, nice to meet you.  Paul, thank you brother, we love ya man.
Welcome from Melbourne, Australia Roy, massive shoes to fill brother.  However I'm sure you're more than capable.  Paul,  I'm saddened beyond words.   Sorry to hear the news.
Thanks Paul for all your hard work
*Paul Harrell* Bravo well done, thank-you sir for taking the time to make amazing content all these years. GOD Bless.
Thank you Paul
Much love and respect, Mr. Harrell. Thank you for all that you've taught me. I wish you well, and hope we'll get to hear more from you in the future in whatever form it comes.  I look forward to Roy's videos. My brother is _almost_ as smart as me, so maybe Roy's videos will be almost as good as yours! 😉😂
I pray that you get better Paul.
Mr. Harrell, I knew next to nothing about firearms when I found your channel years ago.  To this day, I still don't; firearms just aren't something I'm super interested in.  But I've watched nearly all of your videos you've put out since I subscribed because you make it interesting.  Your anecdotes, your reasoning, your dry humor, your thorough testing and methodology; it's infinitely rewatchable.  Thank you so very much.
Paul, I lost my oldest brother, and Dad 2015, and 2017, if this is cancer, please look up the Joe Tippens protocol. He's a local edmonds Wa. Man, that seemingly cured himself using Fenbendazole. Wish I would've known about this, 9 years ago, and the man is just one city from me. You're a local treasure, and we're not ready to give you up, please take care!
Paul, thank you for all the great videos. I've learned an enormous amount watching and re-watching them. Your style of presenting facts in a straight-forward manner while demonstrating humility and integrity with a bit of humor resonates perfectly with me.  I wish you all the best that can come your way.
Paul, you’re the best, dude. Thank you for all the valuable information and entertainment you’ve provided. You’re a credit to the gun community and a very honorable man.
Thank you for all the content over the years, Paul.  I look forward to seeing what Roy has to share and I wish you both well.
You will not be forgotten Paul.
Thanks for teaching me how to cowboy load.  You may have saved a toe.
Paul, thank you. I’ve enjoyed your… Shattneresque pauses, the time you took to explain things, your meat targets, just everything, brother. You’re a great showman and I will miss you.
Paul, I have been following you since well under your first 100k. I apprecoate what you bring to information, education, and knowledge in the firearms community. You are truly a great asset & inspiration. Thank you
Goddamn…. We’re all going to miss you Paul… you’ve taught me so much and I’m so grateful to have learned from you, I’m sorry brother this sucks.
God bless Paul.  We love ya and cannot thank you enough for all of your efforts.    Godspeed.
God bless, Paul. Love you lots and hope for the best. Roy I hope to get to know you as well as we have Paul over the years.
We love you Paul. Thank you for everything you have done to educate all of us. Truly one of the greats!
Damn. Just want to saythank you, Paul. Wish I could've run into you when I still lived in Oregon and shook your hand. Have enjoyed your content for years. I'm going to miss your style, your Shatner-esque pauses, and the perspective you bring to the topics you showcase. Thank you for everything you've given freely to the shooting community. Godspeed, sir.
I feel compelled to say something, but the words escape me.
Paul, I’ve been watching you since I was 18. I’m almost 30 now. Thank you for everything you’ve done. You’re a good man and I’ve learned so much from your presentations. Thanks to your brother Roy and the rest of the crew as well. You all are the best.
Thank you Paul!
Thank you for sharing your skills and experiences with pew-pews.  Your wisdom is timeless.
Paul you are one of the greatest men I have ever had the pleasure of knowing ( through years of videos) ! I know you down play your personal life which is understandable. PLEASE KNOW YOU ARE LOVED!  You are in my prayers. Welcome, Roy.
Thanks for everything, Paul. Take it easy, and God bless. We love you
Paul,  I hope your hiatus is temporary. If not, I wish you calm winds and following seas.
going to miss this guy
Welcome Roy. And to Paul, thank you for everything.
Wow.  Thanks for all the wise advice regarding firearms.  I'm praying for you.
Damnit. God Bless you, Paul. You've given me years of entertainment, and more importantly education. I, for one, will sorely miss your Shatner-esque.....pauses.
Paul you are my fav gun youtuber. Ive learned so much from you over the last few years and thank you for that.
Thank you, Roy; for stepping up. Awfully big shoes to match. Prayers for you, Paul; and thanks for the gift of your knowledge and opinion that you have shared. Literally, the stuff that could save lives.
Paul, Found ya seven years ago when I bought my first two firearms. I learned more from this channel than from the collectors trying to teach (though they were good on the rules). Ballistics and the meat target time in videos were never boring. The old video on how shotguns do not suck for home defense is still my plan. You also proved that 30 carbine was way underrated for it's intention, which I will always appreciate.   Good health and best outcomes wished. I am sure Roy will do a good job. I know my brother would in my absence.
Take Care of yourself Paul. Thanks for all the Content over the Years. it's pretty cool that you found someone to continue the Channel and I'm sure he will do just fine.
Thank you for everything Paul, your videos have been an amazing learning experience and will continue to remain so for future generations. I wish you the best and your community will always rememebr your dedication and contributions to the world of firearms and firearm safety.
Thank you Paul for all your informative videos. You will be in my thoughts and my prayers.  God Bless.
Hello Roy. Dont take this the wrong way, but it took years for me to trust Paul as one of the very few reliable "guntubers" on this platform. Not saying you cant fill those mighty big shoes, but I am almost starting at square one. Almost, but since Paul can vouch for you, that counts for something. The fact is, Paul has experience in competition shooting, military deployments, and citizen involved shootings that lend a particularly rare perspective. Another LEO guntuber is going to be a hard sell for a lot of people.
We will remember you, Paul. Disaster contingency specialist. Year, I am going to rewatch all the job you’ve done from the very beginning. We will remember you!
In grateful appreciation, I will continue to support this channel.  I look forward to all future commentary here. Continued success going forward.
Always loved Paul’s content! Glad to have you, Roy. I believe in prayer so of course I will be praying for Paul and his doctors.  Roy, I know I’d love hearing your stories from your LE career. Looking forward to your videos.
I could listen to Paul ad infinitum
Roy, you gotta get you an old shooting jacket now.
Paul you might have longer than you think. You have provided education and help to so many people. Many don't like or subscribe just watch. You are a real person not a personality. Like an old friend or a family member.
Thank you Paul for everything, your wisdom and advice. Your dedication to help educate and entertain is through the years is awesome.  Praying for you.  Thanks to you family for choosing to help and continue your mission.
Welcome Roy. I hope the community at large is welcoming you as it should. Can’t imagine how hard this is for both you and Paul, but you’re wearing it with a sense of professionalism and composure I can only hope to have if I were put in your seats. Paul’s been a huge part of this community for a long time, and I’m sure no matter what happens you’ll do the channel good and Paul proud with whatever comes next. God speed to both of you.
Last authentic Youtuber with a big audience
God bless Paul and his crew for everything they’ve put out for us. I wouldn’t be where I am now in the world of firearms without your work.
Thanks for all the vids Paul. 👍👍👍😥
May Paul receive healing in Jesus name.
Hello Roy welcome.  Paul your in my prayers brother. Thank you for everything. ❤
👍🏻
Dang! I’ll suggest as a strategy to go back to the very first Paul video and recreate it and represent that topic in your way. Then do that for every video he’s put out. Except the boring ones. Maybe recreate in your way all his videos that surpass a standard, like, over 10000 likes or something. Good luck Paul’s brother! I’ll be watching.
Welcome, Roy. Paul, thank you for the great information.
Roy, please give Paul a hug from all of us in the comments section. Thank You.
love ya Paul. Hope you are a Christian
Lord Jesus Christ have mercy upon us. Paul I will pray for you brother.
No! Daddy! We have plenty of bread and milk and smokes here! Please don't go!
Thank you for all the great videos Paul, you will be missed, quite dearly, as your flare and personality made your videos unique and your insight made them uniquely interesting. Wishing you all the best.  Welcome to Roy, we await to see how you fit in and what change you bring. Best of luck to you.
Thank you for everything Paul, there’s truly nobody else like you.
Holy Moly, that came out of nowhere. That was a shock. Thoughts and prayers to you and your brother.
Paul, you’ve honestly brought me so much joy throughout the years. Sending prayers for you brother. Roy, you’ll do great and I don’t think anyone expects you to be Paul, so don’t overthink it and be yourself. I just hope you and your family are enjoying the time you have together. Don’t worry about us, we’ve got hundreds of Paul’s Videos to rewatch while you guys get him patched up.
I was really hoping & praying this video wouldn't come. Paul has the best firearm channel on YouTube when it comes to firearm knowledge, shooting technique/ ability as well as situational preparation &  awareness. I would watch every video, regardless of the topic and how irrelevant it is to me personally (like.25acp), yet every topic was interesting and there was something to be learned.  For my own selfish reasons, this is truly a sad day. May GOD bless Paul Harrell.
Paul, I sincerely hope Roy is an addition to this channel and not a replacement. Get well soon
This video is so bitter sweet. Paul I know you read every comment. I hope you can expand this channel and many different directions please reach out to Kentucky ballistics and thumb do a collaboration  sending love and prayers
Thank you for everything Paul, you are and will continue to be an inspiration to me. I look forward to meeting Roy and learning even more from him.  Godspeed and God Bless you Mr Harrell.
Thank you Paul your videos will sure be missed
I don’t have the words.   God bless and God speed Paul.
Hey Paul, thank you for the years of entertainment and information. You were really in a league of your own when it came to informational videos! I hope everything goes well and will be praying for you.
Many, many thanks to you , Paul, for all the information and entertainment you provided. I learned so much from you as I became a fan of all things 2nd Amendment, and you've been a huge part of that process through the years. Best of luck to you with whatever the future holds, and I sincerely hope you turn things around and are able to return to the channel again and continue doing all the things you love to do. Again, thank you so much.
Thank you Paul for your content. I have learned a lot over the years of watching your videos. I pray that you can beat this disease.
Paul,  thank you for educating me.  I have enjoyed your content for many years and I am very grateful for the knowledge you have shared.    I believe in you.  I wish that your journey ahead be one filled with love and kindness.  It’s my sincerest hope that you prevail in your fight.     Thank you for making the world a better place.
Thanks paul🎉🎉
Thank you for everything Paul. Welcome Brother Roy
Hitting the like button was not an easy task.  I wish the best for the both of you.
Damn, this is hard to hear.  You've been a huge force for good here Paul and we will never forget all the information and entertainment you've given us.
Will still watch....makes me sad.
Welcome Roy. We look forward to the future with you.  Paul. We love you and hope for peace and comfort for you. You’ll be missed. See you later.
Just a simple thank you for the entertainment and knowledge.  Prayers for you and Roy.
Nice to meet you Roy. I’m not gonna lie Uncle Harrell, and my initial reaction was to be upset. I had to go back and rewatch several videos over the last few months to kind of understand. Upon doing so I completely respect your decision, and I hope there’s nothing more to it than what I’m reading into. Props to your brother uncle Roy, Following in your footsteps is a much larger task then at least I am myself and prepared to try.
Paul, a heartfelt thank you for all the entertainment, laughs, and great info. I sure am going to miss you. Get well my friend. I will be praying for you.❤
God bless sir, it was an honor to meet you.  Thanks for all the wisdom, truly.
I'm hoping this is the first part of a video ya'll filmed because I would hate this to be our last time. If it is thank you for all your information. I always appreciated knowing I was getting information from a reliable source over the years. Your presentations and legacy will carry on. Thank you.
It has been an honor to have u share some of your wisdom, and it will b an honor to learn from roy as well. Hope to keep seeing the pop tart "sponsorship" continue lol
What an amazing catalog of content to be remembered for us, Mr Harrell. My entire family got a laugh out of the how to shoot from a car video. The 86 Miami FBI shootout is a video I regularly come back to. So many amazing moments throughout the years, opportunities to learn- not just about firearms, but how to become a better person and make the world a better place. I also have to say something, but for some reason you've always reminded me of David Soul from his Starsky and Hutch days... But you were always so much cooler. Thank you for it all.
You are cared for Paul
Roy, welcome, we look forward to your content.  Paul, we wish you nothing but the best, and thank you for the content.  We hope to see you return once you've beaten this.
God bless you Paul. My best wishes and thanks.
Paul very much enjoyed the work you did and your straight forward approach thank you!
Thanks for everything over the years Paul, I started with your Miami-Dade video, it got me into defensive gun training and pushed me into pursuing a career in Law Enforcement. Thanks again!
Thank you for your service to our country Paul both in and out of uniform. Your M1 Carbine relevance presentation is my all time gun video favorite. We all salute you.
I'm in!!
Hi Roy, welcome.
I wish you, your family, and crew the best in this difficult time. Keep up the good fight Paul.
Mr. Harrell, even though many people have offered their comments and well wishes, I doubt you will ever fully realize how impactful your contributions have been to this community. Thank you and get well soon!
Fair Weather and Good Travels, Paul. I’ll admit I arrived to your little corner of the firearms sphere quite late into your repertoire, but it’s been an amazingly informative and fun ride. I wish you all the best in dealing with the trials to come, and as for your brother Roy, look forward to seeing the stuff you and your crew will come up with. Godspeed, brother.
Thank you for sharing!
Paul, I'm a 40-something combat veteran who listens to you with the fascination of a 12 year old Boy Scout. You're quite possibly the finest firearms instructor to ever grace this earth. No one can replace you.
What in the blue fuck? No!!!
Thank you paul.praying for you
Love you Paul, I’ve learned more from you over the many years than anyone else. Hand down the greatest creator and teacher on any platform.   We will miss you and pray for your safe return. God bless you and your family.
We love you Paul.   Thank you for everything you shared.  It’s greatly appreciated.  Be at Peace.
❤thanks Paul
Thank you Paul for all the great videos over the years and the great sense of humor! Prayers to you and your family: Godspeed brother!
Thank you Paul for all you have taught us
I will show your videos to my son one day.
Thank you Mr.Harrell, for everything. Just…thank you.❤
Paul,          It is extremely difficult to see you go. You will be greatly missed leaving an incredible legacy of informative, logical, and complete explanations that myself and many others have found priceless value in. This channel is an icon amidst the vast sea of many. I will miss the humorous Pop-Tart commercials, Thanksgiving specials, stories, detailed explanations, and educational material. If this is the final hour, thank you for sharing your experience with us. May you be at peace during the time which remains, however long it may persist. Although somberly I state farewell, I pray that it is not yet late for recovery, and you'll return once again Mr. Harrell.             - Respectfully, C.R.
Hopefully Roy continues the Pop Tart endorsements.
Gonna miss you Paul, looking forward to Roy's content on this Channel.
Hey Paul, i think i speak for a lot of people but I would still love to see content from you even if you're not on the range or even outside. Youre a goldmine of knowledge and experience and i would love to still gain some of that from you even if youre not physically able to perform demonstrations, we all know that if you say you can do it youre telling the truth and I'll fight anyone that calls you a liar.. you and your shatner-esque pauses will be greatly missed by many and you're one of my heroes.
Damn, I remember just seeing you at Lake Ozark, it’s sad to see you go. Peace.
We're going to miss you, Paul.  We need more people with integrity, wit, and wisdom like you in the world now more than ever. Your content is refreshingly unique in the industry. You're the realest.
Welcome Roy! God bless you for picking up the torch.
Thanks for everything Paul. It's been great seeing videos of actual educational merit, with science and facts to back up the content, presented by someone who has real world experiences. In a modern world where people think they can tell you about the real world from their air conditioned studio, you stand out head and shoulders.
Looking forward to seeing content from you Roy. Thank you for all the years of great content, education, and entertainment. I wish you luck In whatever the future brings for you Paul.
You Paul, are one of the first Gun channels I started following and never have looked back sense. Thankyou is not enough for all of the Service, knowledge, hard work, dedication and humor and unique personality you have brought to the 2NT amendment loving community. I've been praying for a speedy recovery sense first hearing about your health conditions and will continue to do so, God is the ultimate healer. I'm glad to know your channel will continue on with your brother and crew. Still be looking forward to hear more stories, Antidote's & Caveats if you can :) Thankyou Paul Harrell....You are one of a kind! God Bless you!
Paul, I understand. Things are happening to me right now that I'm trying to get ahead of before it's too late as time compresses at an accelerated rate. If certain things aren't dealt with now they can snowball into worse things later leading to... well, non-living.  See you soon!  Roy! Good to see you bud! Thanks for helpin' out your bro. Catch ya later.
Everyone else has already said so much, and it speaks volumes ... Thank you.
Love you Paul! 👍🏻👍🏻
Thank you for your countless hours dedicated to enriching us all and providing fantastic content; both professional and personal. Wishing you the best.
Thank you, Paul. For everything.
Much love to the Harrell brothers. Roy, glad to have you. Paul, you don't owe us a dang thing. You've given much already. Hope we can hear stories from your den instead of the range.
Been a fan for many years, Thanks for the knowledge you shared with us Mr. Harrell.
Thank you for the years of inspiration and knowledge you've graced us with. Stay strong Paul.
Godspeed Paul. I hope you understand how much joy and knowledge your videos brought us. All the best. May God be with you.
Thank you for your contribution to the firearms community Paul
Fuck.
Thank you, Paul, for giving us many years of outstanding firearms education, fascinating stories, and sharing your great sense of humor. You will leave a remarkable legacy!
Thank you Paul.
I enjoyed meeting you,  Paul, last September in Missouri.  God bless you and keep you. You've done good work.
Thank you Paul ❤️
Hey Paul,... Thanks...
God speed, Paul. Thank you.
Do not ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee Thanks for everything, and God bless you
What a great family! Thanks for carrying the torch, Roy. Paul: So many are so grateful for your works. You are a real treasure
Thank you Paul, for the many hours of entertainment and valuable information you provided me over the years. Semper Fi.
Welcome aboard Roy, hey guys before Paul has to leave or step back and as a way to officially welcome Roy let's get the channel to a million.
🫡
God bless you, and hope for your survival.
Hi Roy.  Paul thanks for the great videos.  Godspeed and God bless you..
I'm truly going to miss watching , listening and learning from you. I'm a praying man and I will be praying for you.
I hope I can face my end with as much dignity as you, sir.
Much respects Paul.   Best wishes
I've loved your videos for years now, and it's a real gut punch to see you step aside, however I know you need to do what's necessary for you and your health.  Hoping for your health to improve and for Roy to fill those shoes and live up to your legacy.
Thank you for everything you've done Paul I sincerely appreciate everything you've shown me over the time I've been a viewer.
Hi Paul, I wish you the best. I have really enjoyed your videos and sincerely hope to see you again in the future. I’m sure that I am not alone in saying that we LOVE YOU and hope to see you again soon.❤
Thank you Paul for all the great content over the years. We all hope you can get well soon. We look forward to Roy carrying the torch for you. Thank you both again.
Great to meet you Roy. Paul, you're a legend and I just want to thank you for all the lessons you taught me, both firearms related and otherwise. You're in my prayers brother. God bless you.
Sure but is Roy as sarcastic about "experts" and youtube commenters as you are? If not, count me out. Lol
Thank you for your content
Praying for you Paul and happy to meet Roy
I've really enjoyed this channel over the years, the high tech blanket bullet stops, the pig ears and rib cages.  Wow I'm speechless, and Roy it's nice to meet you and I look forward to what you bring in the future.  Take care Paul, you're one of my favorite gun guys.
all great machines don't last forever thank you for your effort Mr Harrell
Considering that I have never met Mr. Harrell, and know him only through his YouTube channel, this hurts way more than it should. I know I am one of many who will truly miss one of the good guys.
thabk you paul
Damn, I'm so sorry to hear this Paul. You've always been one of my favorite content creators. Your wry wit, calm demeanor, wisdom and of course the vast knowledge in firearms and their handling you've been sharing with us all these years, have been awesome. Thank you Paul, wishing you the best outcome possible.
See you on the other side my friend. Thank you for years of knowledge and teaching
I’m keeping you in my prayers, Paul. You have stepped up and been a father, a brother and a role model to more men and women than you’ll ever know.
I began watching your channel a little late, but I thoroughly enjoyed the content, information and humor.  I will definitely keep watching.  I truly appreciate your contribution and wish you well.
I have nothing prophetic or deep to say....  Thank you
Godspeed Paul, thank you everything you’ve given us all.
This won't be the same, but that doesn't mean it can't be better, not that it was bad. Sometimes a little change can be good, not that things needed to change.
Paul, your videos have been great.   I hope you recover and that Roy has a good experience covering during your absence.  May God bless and keep you both.
Sorry to see ya go Sir Paul. At least keep us up on the health side. Will keep watching!
The best YouTuber.
Hey Roy.  Your brother is the absolute best!  Best on the net!
I always knew this day would come. I’ve been watching you since a kid Paul and I’m a young man now(29). Im sure I speak for a lot of people when I say when that day comes we are going to miss you dearly man. Thank you for all the knowledge.
I love you Paul, and thank you for putting out all the content you have over the years. Yours is one of the channels I grew up on in my teenage years, always looked forward to a new upload. Sucks to see you go, but I thank you for trying to continue the channel.
I need some more paul anecdotes though
I'm about to say two things that I don't often have reason to say: Paul, you have my utmost respect as a man and as a teacher, and I am genuinely proud to have been part of the community you've built here. God be with you.
God bless you, Paul.
God bless you Paul. You’re a courageous and stoic man.
God Bless you, Paul.
Paul, you will be missed, terribly. I'll try to give Roy a solid welcome.
Thank you for keeping the torches lit, Roy!
It's nice to meet Roy but the sting is undeniable.
Paul we love u brother, God bless, you shall be missed.. Roy thank u for keeping the channel running....
Thanks for providing us all with years of knowledgeable content Paul, I think I speak for everyone when I say we all wish you the best.
Godspeed and God bless you, Mr. Paul Harrell. The man, the myth, the legend, will live on.
Thank you for everything Paul.  God bless you and your family.
Your legacy will outlive your darkest of days. You stayed sharp as a knife longer than most do with 3x as much time on earth. Ill just start over from your 1st video and catch back up to roys one day.
Cosidering my encounters with police officers, I will take changes one presentation at a time. I wish only the best for Paul regardless of all else.
Nice to meet you, Roy. Paul, respect.  We're pulling for you.
Thanks for stepping up, Roy
Bless you Paul. Thanks for the great videos.
Praying for you my friend....have always enjoyed your videos and wish you the best in all you are having to deal with. You are one of a kind. Hope to see you again soon.
Ah, Hell, Paul is dying ☦️ at least he let us know 🙏🏻 we are praying for your well being & your eternal soul, Paul.
Thanks for everything
Prayers to you Paul, maybe do a few videos from the recliner if you can. Tell some stories of old west gunslingers. We would all enjoy it. Godspeed
Paul. Thanks for all you have done for us. Hope things improve for you. Welcome Roy. Look forward to seeing you going forward
Hey Roy
Well Paul, I've been watching you for at least 5 years I believe, maybe more. You are like family. God knows were all right behind you in more than on way, although some may be taking the other elevator down. God bless you & your family.
Your in our prayers Paul, thank you for all you have done for years!! Welcome Roy.
God bless, Paul. Thank you for all you've done.
Thank you, Paul.  I will say on behalf of my family,  that we thank you for your service to this country.  It will be appreciated, even if not known. The actions we take in life have whispers to the future and you have made your mark.  In addition,  I want to thank you for your hard work on YouTube content that has already had an impact on generations to come as I have used your videos to show younger people that I am not the only one saying "X".  As such, young girls and boys are better for what you have done, even if you never knew they were there.  You sir have my respect and admiration.  Good luck in your next life, if there is one... or as fertilizer if there isn't one.  I prefer the former.    But I won't be seeing you in heaven... they don't let my kind there.
Thanksgiving will never be the same. God bless and thanks for everything.
Thank you Paul for all the knowledge I gained from your video's. sorry to see you go.
Thank you and Godspeed Paul. Welcome Roy, I support both of you 100%.
I literally just subscribed to this channel yesterday because a friend recommended it. Why is he stopping the videos?
Thank you Paul!
Looking forward to getting to know you, Roy.  Praying for you, Paul.
to attract new subscribers to the channel you need a young blonde with big tits and a magnum 44 (no offense Mr. Roy) 😁
I don’t know what to say, I like everyone else’s videos you know Yankee Marchal, Sootch, Hickok45, etc. But you I appreciated for straight up showing how things are. Thank you ever so much mate for all those years of much watched content and God Speed brother
I don’t know what to say, I like everyone else’s videos you know Yankee Marchal, Sootch, Hickok45, etc. But you I appreciated for straight up showing how things are. Thank you ever so much mate for all those years of much watched content and God Speed brother
❤❤❤❤
Is paul not gonna be foing videos anymore or is he just going to be behind the scenes ? 😢😢😢😢😢
Welcome Roy  . Thoughts and prayers for paul
Miss you already Paul and your Shatneresgue pauses.  Good luck sir!
Welcome Roy!
no matter what paul you will be missed.
Dearest Paul thank you for guiding us about firearms and safety and all the things. I wish you were not dying, mostly for your family's sake. My family will keep you and your family in prayer until forever.
Paul we love ya man. Roy will keep this thing going and we'll all support him.
God bless. Thank you Paul.
My goodness Paul, I'm really gonna miss you. I'm glad your brother can carry the torch, though.
So Much courage and dignity. The strength you show with what you're enduring is remarkable.
From firearms proficiency to Pop Tarts, your videos have inspired and guided me...Thank you!!!
I've been a subscriber for many years and Thanks for everything you've taught me, you do you Paul, welcome to your brother Roy.
From the bottom of my heart, thank you, Paul. Your channel has been a source of valuable knowledge and insight for me, and it was always refreshing to hear your wisdom on a topic. There are very few men that are able to give insight like yours, and less still that are able to do it with your wit and composure. God bless you and farewell
Paul, in a world filled with less than mediocrity, you have proven yourself exceptional! Thanks for the education! All the best!
I know you do not like the spotlight on you Paul. Which speaks clear of how humble you are. But I have been a long time subscriber and have always loved your content. Wherever this journey takes you...god speed. We are with you.  And good to meet you, Roy. I look forward to seeing future content.
I’m sorry to hear that Paul. I’ll be praying for you and your family.
MY DAD HAD CANCER  AND THEY SAID HE HAD NO CHANCE BUT HE BEAT IT BUT LATER IN LIFE HE CAUGHT A LUNG DISEASE BUT HE DID FIGHT THE CANCER AND WON YOU HARRELL BEAT THE BEAST FIGHT FOR YOUR LIFE YOU COULD WIN THIS
I’ve always enjoyed Paul’s content, very informative and entertaining.  God bless him and his family.  And BTW, no, you haven’t won a prize.   Boy, I will miss his sense of humor.  🙂🙏
A lot can be said in 51 seconds.
I hope that l have a tenth of the fortitude that you possess when my time 'becomes short', Paul. God bless you, and God Speed when you finally set off for the next Destination. Thank you for all that you've shared and taught here, sending love and many prayers for you and your family at this time. Thank you also for seeing to it that your work will continue in able hands, welcome Roy.
Paul, God bless you brother. To you Roy welcome. You have some big shoes to fill and I wish you the best of luck. I am looking forward to what comes next. Paul, you will be missed more than you know.
We love you Paul we will show the same exact love and respect to Roy as we do for you
God's speed in your recovery Mr. Harrell. May we see you back VERY soon good Sir 🙏
I hate to see you go. I've loved your presentations.
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you for your service to our country.  Thank you for the content you have given us.
Paul please contiue as a coach in the videos or with your stories. Roy is welcome to do the shootings reviews and throw his 2 cents. Were big fans of the format but especially fans of yours.
I look forward to videos from Roy. Paul: You're a class act - thank you.
Paul is the real deal, folks… utmost respect for him, his wishes and thanks for everything he has done for us.  Unselfishly.  Unapologetically. Going to miss you, Paul.  But know, that your lessons will continue to educate us indefinitely. Thank you for everything you gave us… and I look forward to shaking your hand some, fine day.  Until then…. 💜
We love you, Paul.
Best wishes, old friend.  I am nostalgic of the times we've spent together over the years...
Fair winds and following seas, Paul. Thank you for all the great content and good times. You are in my prayers! Roy, welcome aboard!
May the LORD be merciful to you Paul. We are praying for you...
Thank you Paul.  Your channel is one of the best on YouTube for fact based, drama free gun content.  I wish you all the luck in world.
Paul your the best don’t let anyone tell you different
I don't know how to comment on this.
Thank you Paul. Praying for you. Howdy Roy.
We are here for you both.
Thank you Paul.
Thank you, Paul. For all that you have done.
Welcome Roy and Thank you Paul.
We're all gonna miss you, Paul! Thanks for all the great content and laughs over the years.
Godspeed Paul, you've taught me more than anyone else has about guns
Gunna miss you Paul!
You will not be forgotten, Paul. Thanks for everything, especially the Thanksgiving episodes.
Paul thank you so much for so many years of service to the 2a community. Farewell sir. I think your brother will do a great job with passing the torch.
May God bless and hold you my friend.
Thank You for the many lessons.
Godspeed Paul.
Thanks for everything, Paul. We've learned so much from you. In particular, your measured and clearheaded approach to answering questions (verbally and through experiment) is an example I aim to emulate.
Paul, look into doing more "podcast" style commentary to keep your anecdotes and thoughts following on the channel if you'd like.
I wish you the best and hope to see you in future videos really really enjoyed all of your videos and I really hate change so hurry up and make more videos
I don't know what religion you are, but I just want you to know I believe peace and everlasting life can be found in Jesus Christ. As long as there is breath in your body, It's never too late to believe and call upon Him.
B17. We love you bro.
Hi Paul, I just want to let you know that from a fellow cancer patient (Stage 4 Kidney) and longtime viewer, your resilience and attitude has been inspiring. Both in general, and since you revealed your diagnosis. It's a trip, never wanting to quit and pushing through at all costs, but also needing to be realistic. I've had to stick it out for a couple years now, and I commend you clearly doing the best you can. I hope nothing but the best for you and your loved ones.
God bless you sir.  Glad your brother will be carrying on.  Welcome, Roy.
Good luck & best wishes Paul. You surely will be missed as you filled a void in the YouTube firearms niche.
Interesting. what happened to Paul and how long will he be gone?
Thank you Paul for all you have done. The firearm community and youtube will not be the same without your contributions. Praying for you and yours.
I'm really sad to hear this brother, but I certainly welcome Roy. On a personal note, I pray you give this cancer hell Paul. I also hope you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and savior, and that he died on the cross to bear the penalty for our lifetime of sins. And because he paid that price, if you repent of your sins & place your trust soley in Christ for your salvation; God can grant you eternal life as a free gift. I pray to meet you in heaven one day brother.
We love you Paul, and we will love Roy all the same. Thank you for everything you have given us over the years.
You are awesome Paul. tell all the other “gun-tubers” and the algorithm to suck it, you’re trending.
You've really been a great person making great detailed videos I'll recommend for decades to come.  We're all gonna miss you and welcome Roy.
Hi Paul. I would like to say that i am thankful for the knowledge you have passed on over the years. Those knowledge will pass on to many generations down the road. I wish you the best regardless how grim the situation may look.
Paul… thank you so much for everything you have done for us collectively and personally for me in the realm of firearms.  Always educational, mixed with a bit of dry, much appreciated humor.  We are going to miss you dearly.  I will continue to watch and share your videos indefinitely.  Always well-done, informative, and, most importantly, objective.  No selling out, just the facts ma’am.  😉 Although we have never met in this life, I sincerely hope that one fine day, I’ll shake your hand.  Until then, God speed, Paul… forever grateful for your expertise… 😊. Many, many, MANY thanks.
Paul, I have enjoyed your videos for a long time.  I pray for your health and hope to see you back soon.  I will continue to watch your channel to get to know Roy, and to hopefully see you back on the channel.
I've been thinking about this video all day. Thank you, Paul. God bless
I know I haven't spent much time watching your videos....But I am glad that you were strong and optimistic much longer than what most people have known. I hope for the best of your life. And someday the world would be a better place.
Paul   Please don’t give up.  We always want to see you and even through your struggles
I want to let you know how much I love your videos and especially your upbeat, if quirky personality. I never miss your Thanksgiving specials And was happy to see you once again out their cooking for us in your Dutch Ovens , you got me interested in getting one of my own and knowing what to look for in one. I also expanded my limited cooking skills thanks to you.. and Yes Jiffy corn bread is a definite crowd pleaser, even though that crowd is generally just me and my dog Maggie. Since I have no family left, you were always my Thanksgiving family and I looked forward to it. All your other videos were also top notch but Thanksgiving will always be the best. I hope to see you again next Thanksgiving if not I know I can always join you in a video. Perhaps your brother might consider keeping this tradition? Thank you ,Rick and Maggie
Paul, I've enjoyed your content for years. You will truly be missed. Welcome to Brother Roy.
Thank you for everything Paul. Welcome Roy, we're happy to have you aboard.
Why Paul. Sounds kind of like your brother is begging for a job. Does 35 years as an LEO and hunter education instructor Trump 12 years wearing a green beret? Prolly not. I think hunter education is a joke. Just sayin'.
breaking bad
fucking hell, first time im hearing this.  Praying for the best.
Dang Yankee Marshal wasn’t kidding. We are gonna miss you Paul, but we will be forever grateful of the knowledge you chose to share with us. I’ll still be subscribed to the channel regardless, and hope the best for you and your family.
Gonna miss u Paul. Thanks for the great videos. Get well quick and come back.
Give 'em hell Roy
Fuck! Actually got me tearing up a little bit. Paul thank you for everything you have taught me.
My prayers are with you!
Paul you better release a 10 hour long video of just your stories while you sit and drink by the campfire.
Thank you for all your great content over the years you are a great man and will be missed very much Paul thank you!!!!!!
Thank you for everything, Paul!   Welcome, Roy!
Look into IMM 101. It showed great benefit in dealing with this crap...
Lord Help Paul give him strength and help him to know You please.
Thank you Paul. My daughter's love your information and personality.
Well Dammit...  God bless you Paul, you are one of a kind Sir.
Paul harrell is a fucking legend
I've absolutely loved Paul's ramblings for years now, the pauses and all. I've always thought he's quite reasonable, extremely articulate, and one hell of a presenter - the Jeremy Clarkson of self defense, and any odd topic that may come up. The pop tart goofs will always amuse me, and the plethora of content he's created has taught me plenty. I'm not well versed on the severity of his type of cancer, but I'm praying you'll make it through it.  Anyway, I thought I'd show my deserved love and support. We're all rooting for you.
❤
God bless you Paul!
That was one of the hardest videos to watch to date. Thanks for everything Paul, be well.
Not giving up on you yet Paul; Don't give up on us!
Paul--I used to watch Justin Wilson cook, Bob Ross paint, and Fred Rodgers educate.  They did it till the day they couldn't do it anymore, but the episodes and the impact from their skill and love for their work endures, as will yours.
Paul, you will be tremendously missed. Your style and meat target have left a mark. Thanks for your content! Roy, welcome to the viewership. I'm looking forward to your content.
Never give up! Fight to the end. We haven't seen the last of Paul Harrell.
Thank you Paul. I've been watching your show for many many years now and have learned so much from you. You are loved and appreciated.  Your impact on the gun community has been vast and truly epic. You will go down in the 2A hall of fame forever. I wish you better health and no regrets sir.
God bless you Paul, you are one of the greats. Thank you for everything you have done for this community. We love you
Godspeed Sir, keep on fighting.
Say it isn't so..... welcome Roy
well, if only we could bottle your personality, one of the most addictive channels on youtube.  i hear you are going on a diet of herbal tea with magic crystals dipped in it with a string.  just make sure you dont swallow the string, you think swallowing chewing gum is bad.  no goodbyes, just till next time.
This is a really tough video to watch because I love this channel and Paul’s work. Bless you and will be in my prayers and thoughts. I just hope this channel is still around so I can watch it with my son when he grows up. Love ya man!
Wishing you the best Paul and hello Roy 👋
Thank you for the years of knowledge and the stories you have shared on your channel.
God bless you Paul . I’m going to miss your particular style of presentation and humor. Best of wishes
Paul is the best. Here’s some love and support.
I will pray for you Paul.
Thank you Paul, years of wisdom have helped us all at one point or another! We will miss you!
Will miss you Paul, but you'll be back this time next year. Keep fighting brother.
Welcome, Roy!
You go and fix this and get back here!
Dear Sir you shall be sorely missed. I hope you will come back from time to time. You are one of the few "tubers" that I respect. You give the best assessments of firearms along with your stories. You are a treasure .  My prayers are with you.
The thing is any yahoo from Kentucky or Texas can start a channel and show off whatever cool, new gun they bought at 3AM and get views; they can’t get people to watch an hour plus long video full of experience and anecdotes, that’s irreplaceable and worth so much more.
👍
Paul, its hard to type this because of the lump in the throat that won't stay down and the watering eyes. Know why you are stepping way, but it doesn't make it any easier. Best of luck to you and yours and you will be in the thoughts and prayers. Thank you for the education, thoughts and laughter. It helped more than you can ever know. God bless.
Hi Roy, welcome!  Paul, thank you for your service!
thank you for putting out great content Paul.
There's no one quite like Paul, and I'll bet there's no one like Roy! Welcome Roy!
We've Appreciated your contributions Paul!
I generally feel sad right now.
Thanks for all your work Paul, I won't ever be thankful enough. You literally help me to become a better person. All love, from France.
Thank you Paul and welcome Roy. Standing by gentlemen.
I guess God's Army needs a good Commander
Paul, thank you for the years of joy you have given me. I learned more about firearms and ammunition from you hands down. I couldn't wait each week for a new video to come out. I'll be watching your episodes still for years to come. Again, you have forever touched me and are a good role model.
You will be missed😢. GL and God Bless😊
😂😂😂
Paul, thank you for all the years of humorous and informative videos. I don't think we'll ever have another person in this space who could hold a candle to the amount of practical knowledge your channel has brought to us. I'm not sure if your brother would be willing to sit in with us on the holidays like you have, but I'll keep my eyes open for new videos regardless. Thank you, again.
Paul, All I can say is thank you for all of your knowledge you have imparted to me and the YouTube community So Far! As a young gun owner from a non gun family you have enriched one of my favorite hobby's and overall my life.  Thanks man, and I look forward to future content either with you or your brother Roy or whoever.  Goodspeed Friend!
I just found out about this from Yankee Marshal. I remember some time back you mentioned something about an illness. My best of wishes to you and yours.
Godspeed, sir
Paul, I hope you know that you are deeply cared for and revered in this community. You and your family are always in my prayers (for whatever that is worth.) Take care my friend.
Welcome Sir.
Paul, it certainly won't be the same without you, but i welcome your brother.   I will pray for you and would like to thank you for all your work here. You've been my favorite YouTuber for many years now.
looking forward to more from you channel.
God bless you Paul.
Thank you for everything Paul. Kudos on a job and life well done.  We will keep you in our prayers.  Godspeed.   Roy, we appreciate you and look for to the times ahead.
You've taught me quite a lot Paul. Thanks for taking your time to teach.
Paul, you will be greatly greatly missed. God be with you brother.
1IN A MILLION   Looking forward to anything that your channel puts on. God bless you Paul you are 1 in a million.  Wish I could get some training from you. I take my hat off to the man that has been the best gun instructor I have ever seen.
Congrats Paul at the time of this writing your video is now trending on the top 10. I wish people knew more about you and your channel much sooner.
Paul you will be missed your videos have been a blast to watch,wish you a speedy recovery
God bless you, Paul. Thanks for all the knowledge you shared with us.
Paul i have really enjoyed your videos through the years and have used you as one of my "go to" sources for good unbiased information.  Best of luck and God bless.
I saw the video title and immediately started to cry
Paul, I have been tuned in for years now. I have gained much knowledge from you. Thank you for all of your time and effort in providing all of us with your experience and wisdom. I will always consider you a friend. God speed brother.
Dear Paul Harrell. I take it that "things" are not going too well with you and for that I am truly sorry.
Bless you Paul. Thank you for all the information & entertainment.
Roy, You have a tough act to follow, but I’m rooting for you.  Please include some Paul stories in there as well :)
Thank you Paul. For everything you’ve done for the 2nd amendment. God bless you
Paul, thanks for all of the years of knowledge you have put out there. I hope you see how much of an impact you have made through those years! We appreciate the time you spent to teach us and pass your knowledge on and I hope we can all keep that knowledge passing on to future generations. A legacy for sure. Thank you. We all look forward to learning from Roy and the crew and hope to see you again.
Thank you for everything Paul, wishing all the best to you and your family.
Thank you thank you thank you for all you gave us!
Thank you Paul Good to meet you Roy
I’m going to pour a drink for you Paul. Since you don’t drink I will drink it for you. 11 Bravo..
thank you
Paul, you are the first gun tuber I followed. You are the standard. Welcome, Roy. Thank you for carrying on. Paul, you're a national treasure. Nothing but gratitude and positivity your way.
Prayers for you Paul 🙏
If you want Oregonians to institute a state holiday for you, just say the word. I’d take an unpaid holiday any day of the year to celebrate one of our finest.
What's up with all your content being posted on Travis Beehler's channel?
fuck...
Hey Paul, Thank you for all the time and effort you put into your videos. You have been a go to source for gun related information for thousands and thousands of people. I won't say goodbye but I will say see you soon. God Bless.
Welcome Roy. Paul has been doing a wonderful job and you will have some big shoes to fill. Paul you will be in my prayers I wish you well and thanks for all you have done.
Dear Paul,   I just wanted to take a moment to express my heartfelt appreciation for all the excellent videos you have shared with us. I've spent countless hours sitting at my kitchen table, watching and learning from you. Your content has been a source of both entertainment and education for me, and for that, I am genuinely grateful.   I can only imagine how difficult this must be. Please know that I am here to support you, and I am sure your brother's content will be just as great as yours.
This video's on trending at the moment!
Paul,   I’m going to miss your great content, superior knowledge, great shooting, your humor and amazing knowledge of the English language. I will miss you Paul, thanks again.
Paul, You are rational voice in the firearms community. You taught us all a lot, and I relied heavily upon your opinions and demonstrations. I just wanted to say thank you for everything you have done.
Thank you from Argentina Paul. I always enjoy your videos, i learned a lot not only about guns and ammo, but also about been a better person. Thanks for everything.
Yo Paulie! Rocko here ya know! Hey, Paulie, Your breakin my heart Paulie ya know. You take care Paulie. From the bottom of my heart Paulie, I wish you the best Paulie ya know.
Please get better for us Paul. I wish the best for you, and thank you so much for all of the wonderful and informative videos 🙂
Good luck, Paul. For what it's worth, your "Shooting From Bed" is still the funniest youtube video I've seen.
This is like when they brought on “Joe” in blues clues…. It will never be the same.
We don't care what you know. Are You American? Are you as Crazy as Paul?  Ok....then you'll Do!  Christ bless!
Mr Harrell, it has been one of the great joys of the last decade of my life to have discivered your channel. Thank you, and God bless you and your family.  You've made a positive influence in many, many lives. May Gold walk with you in all the empty places you must travel, and may He ever stand between you and harm.
I just want to say, it's been an absolute pleasure to have been a long time viewer of Paul Harrells channel.  I've grown as a gun owner and that has been a direct result of the time I've spent watching Paul's channel.
I will keep watching . . . Fight hard Paul. :.)  Mayor Fuglycool
Paul, Very sorry to see you are stopping your excellent show.  I hope the best for you as can be.  All your videos were excellent but I truly waited and watched over again your Thanks Giving and Christmas videos.  I will miss you Paul❤️
Hey Paul. You've been an awesome male figure in my life and you've been able to turn me into a better man. You always speak clearly with meaning and purpose, always confident and always introspective. Despite your talents and skills, you're always modest which allows others to feel confident in their own abilities.  You're a strong man and you've helped other people become more strong and confident in themselves, making a big positive change in this world. Out of all the YouTubers out there, you are the one I have the most respect for, out of the thousands of channels I have come and known.  We love you Paul, I'll be watching your videos with my girlfriend for years to come
Thank you Paul for all the great content you have created on your channel. May the peace of god be with you.
I'm not even a big gun guy, but as someone with a modicum of intelligence, it is always fascinating and rewarding to listen to someone who knows what they're talking about, talk about it, and share wisdom.  The joy comes not because I am necessarily learning anything I can use, but because excellence is quite rare, and it is a thing to behold.  I love ya man.
Thanks for everything Paul. You will be missed
Thank you for all the videos paul! 🙏
Thank you Paul for the years of information and content. May god bless you and a speedy recovery.   As for Roy nice to meet you, you got some shoes to fill but I'm looking forward to watching you.
Paul, it's great that you have a most trusted partner to assist with your excellent videos. It's understandable, given your healing injury, and it will take much of the pressure off of you so that you can concentrate on getting fully recovered. Roy will do just fine.
Thank you Paul for everything you've showed us. May God be with you always. We will definitely support Roy
Thank you for all you've done Paul,  praying you can still kick cancer's ass
I know you don’t like mushy stuff, so all I will say is: Thank you Paul - for everything and welcome Roy.   I’m a cancer survivor (7 months so far) and through you Paul, I will keep reminding myself I need to earn it.
Paul, thank you for all the time and effort you put in. It's been an absolute privilege to come along on this journey with you mate. Your dry sense of humour will be greatly missed. Best wishes for your next stage of life. Much love from Australia 🇦🇺
Fuck. 😔
Hello Roy. Best of luck to all.
Paul, Thanks very much for all you have done.  I have loved watching your channel.  Wish you the best!!
Welcome Roy!
Glad to meet you Roy, if you're half as knowledgeable as Paul, then I will have plenty to learn from you. Hope the best for both of you.
Looks like Walter White. Seem like a cool guy though.
Congratulations Roy! I’m sure your episodes will have great content! Thanks for all the tips and instruction Paul. It’s why I tuned in to your channel in the first place. You’re the Best! Get your hip replaced when it heals. You will not regret it. Mine has lasted 23 years! 👉🎈
will miss your schatneresk pauses.   i learned alot about being a responsible owner and operator of firearms from you...
Watching your videos over the years gave me knowledge that greatly helped me land and keep a job in the firearms industry. Thank you
However unlikely it is that people pull through stuff like this, I still believe this man can pull through. I don't mean that in a religious way nor am I claiming to know the seriousness of Paul's state, I just want, somehow, for this man to beat the ultimate like he beat every other nuisance in his life. Thank you for all the years of working hard to cover nearly everything there is to know about firearms, psychology, life and even cooking, hell of a job you've done here on this channel and we love you for it, almost as much as we love you for the man that you are. I know I should probably speak for myself but you don't have to keep us posted directly or even indirectly in the future if you do not wish to do so, you do whatever it is you decide upon, and we will respect your decisions. Stay strong! :)
Thanks Paul for sharing your firearms expertise with us all ! Our prayers are with you brother, be strong !
❤
All love and respect for all you have done! ❤ And hi Roy!
Do try and take care and truly appreciate the content Paul!
Thank you for sharing your knowledge and experience with us. I guess we will hear from the 'highly trained professional' now.
*respectful nod* Thank you, sir.
I'm not crying, it's just allergies🫡.
Thank you for all the great videos over the years. God bless you and keep you.
BEST WISHES to you and yours Sir.
God bless you Paul
🇺🇸
Have greatly appreciated your deeply rational testing and musing on results and applications over the years. Watching the methodical and practical approach you take has helped me add a lot of tools to my toolbox over the years. Take care of yourself sir.
Your commitment to excellence and devotion to your fans is second to none. Thank you for benefiting the world with your lifetime of experience, skills and insights and never being a flashy sell out along the way. You are hands down my favorite gun tuber and I am forever grateful for your time here. It is such a brutal disease. I will be praying for your comfort.   I look forward to learning more about Roy's take on things.
Trying to hold down the lump in my throat and the knot in my belly. Life just ain't fair man. You've entertained and educated me far more than I could relay in words. When I got back into this hobby about 5 years ago, you were the first channel I stumbled upon and I never ventured far. There's just nobody else like you. You're ability to mix education, humor, and seriousness all into one package is a true art. There's no replacing you, Paul, but I can report that Roy seems likeable off the jump, so I think we'll at least be in decent hands.
Anything associated with or blessed by Paul will be awesome.
God bless you Paul and Semper Fidelis from Texas
You're in our prayers Paul. Roy, hello looking forward to hearing from you.
Thanks for all the valuable content Paul, and thanks for being unapologetically authentic in everything that you do. You have touched more lives than is possible to know.
Godspeed Paul.  We will see you again.
I found out from Yankee Marshal.  Sorry to see you go.  I wish you recovering health.  Thanks for all you have done.  Welcome, Roy.  You have some big shoes to fill.
Thank You Paul! I've always enjoyed your videos. Your logical and realistic topics , tests and opinions can't be matched.👍👊👊  Hi Roy!
Unfortunately, I found your channel too late, but I watched every single video you produce.  Thank You Brother.
To Brother Roy; It's good to see you're willing to take up the mantle for this channel, and we're very glad to have you. Furthermore, I personally give my condolences to you, as I understand very clearly what it means to have a close family member on their last days. Many prayers and hopes for you and your family, as this is certainly a difficult time for them. Rest assured, I and the many viewers of this channel are here for you in this troubling, painful time.  To Paul; Thank you for all of the entertainment and education over the years. Your insight into firearms and their usage/effectiveness has been invaluable to gun owners/enthusiasts such as myself. Your experience in the field and your anecdotes, as well as your tales of "correcting situations" of improper firearm usage will forever hang in my memory, as well as your various tests and demonstrations of all the different handguns, rifles, and shotguns that you displayed over the years. Personally, I will always be grateful to have discovered your videos, your channel, and you as a human being (even if it was at the other end of a computer monitor)  May God bless you and you family, and once again, thank you.
Thank you, Paul.
Praying for you brother.
Thank you Paul for all your presentations past, present and possibly future.
Paul, I wish you and your family the best.  You are leaving some very big shoes to fill.
THANKS BROTHER
I appreciate your stoicism. Go to our lord Jesus Christ before you die. If you are Catholic request the anointing of the sick.
Thank you Paul, welcome Roy.  Be well gentlemen
I'm going to miss you PH! I've been watching for about 10 years when i first moved to Georgia and started looking for content about gun safety. The journey has been real. Thank you. Meat target with orange lungs....  Welcome Roy! You have some big shoes to fill. #MakeEveryShotCount
Paul thank you for all that you have contributed to our knowledge and understanding, I wish you well. Roy thanks for picking up the mantle.
Paul Harrell the best to ever do it. The race ain't over till its over, you might recover. I hope you do.
Paul, here's hoping you take this time to rest and recover, and get to come back someday.
Thank you Paul for your videos.   I have learned a lot from you.  As for Roy, welcome and I look forward to learning from you too.
Roy, you got big shoes to fill. Also, you need to get your own magical hunting jacket.
How many times have I seen a new episode from Paul and thought, "I really don't have much interest in the topic."  But I always watch anyway and learn something in the process.  You have passed along your wisdom and knowledge to millions of people.  That's an accomplishment few can claim.  God bless you.
Thanks Paul for sharing all your wisdom, a laugh or two... my best wishes to you.   Hello Roy.
Paul, I don't post often but felt this was the time. Thank you, thank you for all you have done for the shooting community. Thank you for your stories and for your sense of humor. Wherever you go and whatever you do, I hope The Lord is there as your spotter.
Wait what is happening?
Paul, see you back soon when you’ve recovered.  Roy thank you for taking the time to keep the channel going while Paul is out on medical.
This goes into the hall of fame for epic sign-offs. The final lesson, peeps: That is how an actual hero does it. Alpha Mike Foxtrot.
I admire your fortitude. Old soldiers never die they just fade away. Thanks for all the videos.
We all have the utmost respect for you Paul. You’re a legend!
Cant wait! Love and prayers Paul buddy, can’t wait to see what Roy can teach us! I’ve learned so much watching you
Thanks for all the fine content, Paul!  You'll be in my prayers.
Take Care.Thanks for the great content youve made for us.  Hopefully the Doctors dont fuck you over with pain meds like they do for many. Will keep watching.
Paul, thank you for all the great instructional and entertaining videos over the years. You are a man of great knowledge, skill, and wisdom and a talented presenter. I know I am not alone and that there are many like me who have learned so much from you. There will never be another Paul Harrell.
Roy , wishing you well , and may you enjoy the time with your brother and comfort each other
Oh boy, well... what can I say that has not been said... Thank you Mr. Harrell, really.
Paul,I  always enjoyed your content and Shatneresque pauses , praying for you to thrive and conquer this ,if thats not your path may you be pain free and surrounded by those you love and be able to enjoy their company  as long as possible . You made a difference . Love your content and your wisdom
Not too long ago you released a couple T-Shirts and I bought one of the please bear with the gun fire designs. I always thought that this would make for an amazing range flag. Especially now I would ask that you see if this is an option so I can keep shooting with a range buddy I’ve never met but have introduced to every new shooter I meet. Thanks for everything Paul.
New subscriber 🙋‍♂️ I found out about this from other social media. Paul, the internet has a ton of respect and love for you. Roy, you're going to do great. You guys are wished the best by everyone who comes to this channel. I hope you have been able to find some form of peace in these hard times.
I dont keep up with youtube much anymore so I'm just finding all this out today. None the less, good luck and godspeed Paul. You're a fuckin legend.
Going to miss you Paul, thanks for everything; welcome aboard Roy... I just wish it was under better circumstances
God bless you
whos cutting onions in here?
Paul,  Grateful for all you have done and are doing to educate responsible firearm owners.  You are in my prayers and the prayers of legions for continued strength, courage, hope, and peace.  Wishing you all the best.  Again, THANK YOU!
Thank you Paul for all the great content over the years! YouTube won't be the same without you!
Mr. Harrell,  I'm a long-term viewer and I just wanted to express my sincere gratitude for everything that you've taught me over the years. This goes well beyond the subject matter itself and your highly effective presentation skills -  You embody the humility, self-discipline, social/physical conflict resolution skills, and restrained confidence that only very few men have, and for that you will always be a role model of mine. You are widely loved, and I will be praying for you everyday sir.
Thank you @Paul Harrell!!!  Appreciate all you do.
Thank you for everything paul
We will miss you Paul. You were an inspiration to many, myself included.
Thank you for everything, Paul.  I've learned a lot from your content over the years.
May God be with you Paul. I know you don’t want us to be sad but hey, we’re human. I enjoyed all of your videos and learned a ton! The way you blend critical thinking and “real-world” testing is unmatched. 🙏🏽
Thank you for all you have taught us Paul ! You will be missed, But I just want to know if he is going to be as good of a holiday cook as you? :) Not sure what we will all do on the holidays without ya
Well dang Paul you're going to be surely missed here on the youtubes. All i can say is thanks for the years of service you have given us commoners, and I will be watching your brother carry the flag as long as he decides to.
Im going to cry.
Dear Paul, I started watching your content in my younger high school years. I’m currently I’m my mid 20’s and am still an avid viewer. You have always been fantastic in your videos and answering more specific questions outside of them. Thank you for all these years of great content and fond memories.   Sincerely, Garrett S
you will be missed for sure,
Welcome Roy! That being said, Prayers to Paul and Family for the challenges ahead. A true Mentor for all of us and a damn good intructor! Enough said.
I like Roy already. Will miss you in these videos though Paul. Any anecdotes you have held back would be much appreciated!
We’re all rooting for you Paul 💜
you are loved and have taught many through your videos, saved many lives too due to that solid education. god bless. you will not be forgotten. you have made a positive impact in this world.
End of an era.
Best of luck to you Paul. Thank you for all the great videos.
godspeed paul
May the Lord bless you and keep you.
I saw this on Yankee Marshal channel. Immediately jumped over here praying to GOD it was just another Yankee joke. My complete frustration and despair to fine out it's true. I will miss you horribly! You have been a beacon of light in a dark world and you have made my Thanksgivings bearable. I have watched all your holiday specials because I really enjoy them and hate proffesional sports.
Paul, thank you for everything. You are an amazing man.
We're going to miss you, Paul. I've been watching your highly informative channel for years and it's always been a joy to learn new things. I hope your health improves over the coming months, and I wish nothing but success for Roy as the channel moves forward.  Sad to see you move on, Paul. Sending those positive waves from Sydney,  Australia.
I really hope he gets the chance to say goodbye… but If he doesn’t, I just wanted to say I love your work. It’s been years of good times. Thank you Paul 😢
I pray you know Jesus brother and that one day I can see you in heaven. Blessing to your next chapter in this life.
F, you are a real one
Paul, Sir, you are without a doubt one of the greatest gun content creators on the planet.  I have enjoyed your information, humor, and stories more than I can say.   Roy, Sir, welcome aboard and I look forward to your content and carrying on your brother's legacy.  Thank you for being willing to do that.
Welcome Roy, We are glade to meet you and thank you for your service and for helping Pauls channel.
GOD'S getting a Warrior! Say hi to my Father for me, and thanks the truth.
I have enjoyed, and learned from, every video you've made. I just wish you the best going forward. Roy... you've got your work cut out for you! I wish you the best as well!
Thank you so much Paul for clean, honest, unbiased, and most of all educational content.  Hoping for a miracle for you and your family.  Always click the long version folks.  It’s worth it.
Welcome and good luck to Roy .. Thank you Paul .. your inimitable style and insight have been a great source of factual information, informed opinion, and entertainment .. You are an American hero.
Well shit, I know many of us saw this coming. Welcome to the channel Roy! Please forgive us for being a bit melancholy about it, I assure you our support will not waver. Paul, we love you, please get better soon.
Short and sweet introduction.  Welcome Roy.
God bless you Paul.
Mr. Harrell thank you for your service both in the armed forces and for all Americans. When I became 21 and bought my first gun your channel was the best source of information I could find. My sincerest thanks for all your work.
I know how you feel about people being long-winded, so I'll keep it brief; your demonstrations have helped me become a better shooter, which in turn has helped my confidence in being able to protect myself and the people I care about.   Thank you, Paul.
Thank you Paul for so many lessons, way beyond firearm content also! Your humility is rare and experience is abundant. I hope the best for you with your health, and if I have any miracles saved up, I will ask to cash one in now for you buddy!!
Paul, my thoughts are with you. My friend and I were honored to meet you last year at the gun show in Missouri.
Thank you for all you have done Paul ! Good to meet you Roy !
Paul, just found you a few years ago, was immediately hooked on your content. Your humor, knowledge and experience made me go through your library of videos again and again. While I wish the best to your brother, you’re gonna be a hard act to follow. Thanks so much for the years of enjoyment we’ve gotten from the videos you’ve shared.  Please enjoy the time you have left. “As always, don’t try this at home, I’m a professional.”
Thank you Sir for everything you do and have done.  Entertaining and informative I always enjoy watching and sometimes rewatching content you’ve produced!
Thank you for the wisdom and having a positive affect on my mindset.  I’ve loved watching you over the past 4 years
I really, Truly hope this is not as dire as it sounds.  Best wishes sir.
I'm glad we could spend the time learning from you that we did, Paul. Thank you for all you've done to teach this community. Your channel is a unique one, meant always to inform. So many turned into salesmen once the money was waved in their face, but that was never what you were after and we all could tell. Roy's position isn't an easy one. I'm trying to fill a big pair of shoes myself, given to me by someone beloved by many in my area. But it sounds to me like he will do very well in his role, and of course Paul thinks so too, so I'm not worried.
Hi Roy.
I have neen out of the loop for a month because of my job. This caught me off guard.
glad to see ya Roy.  Hope paul ends up doing ok, bur I know the world doesnt always work that way
Been watching since i was just a kid thanks for everything paul
Damn man ...ive always loved your content ..i wish nothing but the best for you and yours ..thank you for all the videos and smiles you gave me man
Paul smoke and drinking too much, if not wtf 😮
I want to welcome you, Roy. You have some massive shoes to fill, but I wish you the best
I’ve watched you videos for years. I never comment on any videos but always leave a thumbs up and try to share. Love the Thanksgiving and Christmas cooking videos every year. Good luck wish you peace and happiness and God bless! 😊❤
Roy, so unbelievably sorry for you, the rest of the crew, your family, and for Paul. I'm so sorry, Paul. This hit like a freight train, so I can't even imagine it for you all. Welcome, Roy... and be well.
Thank you Paul and Roy. God be with you in this time.
Thank you Paul for all the knowledge and content you have shared with us through the years.
Thank you man,I’ve always enjoyed your videos,best of wishes
Paul you have been an INSPIRATION for me thru the years!! Your gun reviews have always been spot on and have always enjoyed your no B. S. Gun reviews!! I RESPECT YOUR COURAGE AND WISH YOU WELL!!!!!!!
Thank you Paul!  You are the difference that made a difference.  Welcome Roy!
All of my thoughts and prayers to you and your family and friends, Mr. Harrell. This is by far my favorite gun channel. I learned and laughed so much watching this channel, and will continue to watch.
We love you bud, hang in there!
Tell me what gun and caliber your carrying. And crack a dry joke... I'll tell ya if your right for the job. Because one. You Forgot to Say. "I'm a professional. And don't try this at home."
Thanks, Paul. Learned a lot from you. Wish you the best. Like all of us, the day will come when we can't do what we used to do. Thanks again.
Sorry I didn't subscribe to your channel sooner Paul.
Sorry not watching someone who is a government merc that oppresses citizens unsubscribed
Paul, Long ago I was taught you cannot manage men in combat.  You have to lead.   You more than more than most, lead.  Godspeed
Thank you. You will be missed. Take care and God Bless ❤
Semper Fidelis and Thank you sir.
Paul Harrell, you are the teacher I aspire to become. Thank you for your content, your example, and for passing along a part of you to us.
Thank you Paul
The best gun channel on the Internet hands down.  You'll be sorely missed.
godspeed paul. thankful for all your shared wisdom
We love you paul
Paul, I need to thank you for everything you've done for us. I've been a regular viewer for almost six years and I want you to understand that I watch a LOT of YouTube but there literally isn't a single channel that comes remotely close to what you've accomplished. The unbelievable amount of wisdom and useful information you've provided is simply unmatched. Your incredible contribution to gun owners has not gun unnoticed and your legacy will not be forgotten.  On a more personal note, I'll always remember a couple years ago when I emailed you a question that really only you could have answered (it required expertise in the dental field and firearms) and you took the time out of your day to humor me with an extremely useful and informative 2-paragraph response (despite, I'm certain, being extremely busy).   The work you've done for us means the world to me. Thank you so much, Paul. I'm praying for you. This is heartbreaking.
Praying for you and your family.
Thank you, Paul. Our hearts will remember the wisdom and laughs you've shared with us through the years.
Merci Patriot pour ton service et de savoir et compétence pour les peuples............ bon rétablissement...😉
Maaaaan, this really hit me. I've never held a gun, and probably will never do it, but I've enjoyed your videos for years and I appreciate you and your content a lot. I wait for your thanksgiving special every year (even though we don't celebrate it in my country) and watch it over and over. Thanks for all you've given us. And I hope you push through and we get to see you for a long time.
You will be sorely missed sir.  Yours IS the gold standard.  Best wishes and gratitude from Canada. Thank you
Ty Mr Harrel I've learned so much. May God bless you
Thank you for all your wisdom and comedy.Best wishes sir
Understand.  Respect your decision.
God Speed Paul your in my prayers
Hello Roy, it's good to meet you. I look forward to benefitting from your wisdom as I have your brother. Paul I still hope and pray for your recovery. If not then may you get to Heaven a half hour before the devil knows you're dead.
I, like The Yankee Marshall say thank you. Make the best of the time you have left. Roy, I'm sure you'll do fine.
I'm really gonna miss those "Shatner-esque pauses".  Godspeed Paul Harrell.
Hello Roy, glad to meet you. Happy to have you filling in for Paul and hope he gets back on his feet so to speak ASAP.  Meanwhile we’re here for whatever you’ve got to share.
Paul, I want to say a million things about how much this channel has meant to me over the years, but it just doesnt seem appropriate here. Instead im going out tomorrow to buy a new handgun, whichever one fits my hand the best, and I wont worry too much about magazine capacity because hitting the target is more important.
Praying for you brother Paul. This channel has always been a first class channel with much-needed content. Peace to you Mr. Paul.
All the best Mr Harrell. Your videos are great. I wish you a speedy recovery and hope you come back when you are able.   Keep up the good fight.
all the best Paul, peace and love your way! Interested to hear the stories Roy has to share
best of luck. please take care
Thank you, Paul!  You have taught me and many so much.
Paul we will surly miss your content..I don’t even know how long I’ve been watching your channel but the information has been invaluable!
Hello  Paul, I pray that God bless and keep you. Thanks  Jaime in Oklahoma
Thank you for all you have done.
what happened?
Paul, thanks for all the knowledge that you have given me over the years.  Words can not express how grateful I am to your content and wisdom.
LOVED the content over the years.. you WILL be missed
Thank you Paul. From the depths of my heart, thank you.
Peace and love to you Paul, my legedary brother.
Damn. Thank you Paul. You've been an immense inspiration in a way that cannot be expressed in words. Thank you. Wishing you and yours all the best, do what's right for you just know you've inspired generations and will continue to do so through the format you've curated. Thank you.
What rifle would be a tribute to Paul?
Thank you for everything Mr. Harrell we have all learned so much from you over the years.  I wish you the best! ❤
Love you're videos Paul.Thank you and see you later.
Paul, I'm sad to see ya hang it up but I get it. Thank you for being the absolute best content here on Youtube for so long.
God Bless you Sir...for ALL your Service.
Paul, Thank you for all the knowledge you have passed on to us. Well and the MEAT target will forever be the standard. Wishing you the best in your fight.
Thank you Paul for the many demonstrations and imparting your knowledge to us. May God bless you and may he bring you comfort.
Paul Harrell. The Bob Ross of  guns. Godspeed
i have enjoyed all your videos and i wish you the best my friend.
Damn...
Thank you for everything Paul.
Man, a world without Paul just ain’t the same. He is the kind of person that should be president or in congress. He exemplifies the best of American traits. Bleak news for the weekend.
Thank you so much for everything. Take care and we are going to miss your sense humor.
First YouTube channel i ever subscribed to. 8 years, at least, I've been watching. Thank Paul for sharing your knowledge and humor.
Thanks for Everything! 🙏…. The Gun people of the internet send their Love… See ya down range…
Love yall God speed Paul...
My dad was a huge fan of your videos, Paul. I lost him suddenly in 2022. I wanna thank you Mr. Harrell for the memories of watching with my dad. God bless you.
Thank you Paul for sharing your time with us and for everything you have done. I am glad to have had this opportunity to be a part of this. Peaceful Skies.
Paul, so sorry to hear that you have to pass the reins, if I was in your position I would pass them to my brother as well.  I really hope that this is something that turns around for you and I will keep you in my prayers.  Good luck, and God speed, you were a shining light in the garbage heap that is modern YouTube.
You're a real badass dude paul. Really appreciate all the knowledge and fun you've shared with everyone over the years. You got a lot of people hoping you pull through strong
With tears in my eyes and a heavy feeling heart all I can say is Godspeed to you Paul.
You're a bad mother fucker Paul! Give em hell!    Thanks for everything!
Thank you gentlemen for your service and supporting and defending our right outlined in our nation’s constitution. We are all better because of your efforts.
I love you Mr Paul Harrell. Be well wherever you go
I'm so sorry to hear about Paul's health problem.  I've always looked forward to his videos.  He's one of the most knowledgeable and erudite YouTubers!  Godspeed Paul!
IM STICKING WITH YA ROY
sad to see you go  hope you can make it on some of roy;s  vidios and let know how you are doing  thanks for all your work  god bless
Paul, you will be tremendously missed. Thank you so much for all of the knowledge and entertainment you have given to so many us. You are without equal and I wish you nothing but the best.
One of Paul's famous sayings is, "You be the judge."  I judge you to be a good man, Paul.  God be with you!
God bless you Paul and thank you so much for your videos and your advise i hope we get somw up dates or pop in everyonce in awhile
Thank you, Paul . For all of the great content you have created and left for us!
Thanks for sharing your wisdom, Paul.
We love you, Paul. Best wishes and good luck!
Thank you for everything Paul.
Love you Paul.
Best wishes Paul.  Prayers sent.
I have enjoyed your videos immensely over the years and I hate you are leaving under these circumstances. Best of luck to you sir.
Thank you,  Paul, for all the great videos over the years. I wish you well and welcome your brother.
Welcome Roy.
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Just call the call from my mother that my grandfather, former CHP and overall great man has passed. Excited to see where Roy and the team takes the channel. Take it easy Paul - you make quality stuff.
We love you Paul.
Mr. Harrell you have been one of the best you tube content makers I have had the pleasure of watching. Thank you for shating your knowledege and for putting out quality content
Mr. Harrell I'm a few years older than you and started my gun owership journey only a few years ago. Once I made the decision to purchase a firearm for self-defense, I began to do intensive research. As an engineer I appreciate people like yourself who make a sincere effort to conduct demonstrations in a rational, unbiased, and realistic manner. I've thoroughly enjoyed your videos for their outstanding content.  I also loved your deadpan humor which enhanced greatly my enjoyment of the videos. Unfortunately, close members of my family have faced the same health challenges you are now enduring. Please accept my sincere and heartfelt well wishes for the best possible outcome you can achieve in your circumstances. Also accept my gratitude for the knowledge you have imparted to me. Godspeed to you!  Tony .
Thanks for everything Paul.   Best of luck to you, Roy, and the other unnamed members of the crew.   Lots of love to everyone reading this and a hearty STUFF IT to c*ncer
I am sad to hear the news but Glad the channel is in the hands of somebody you think will continue to provide interesting and or useful information.
Paul Harrell you will always be one of my top guntubers, whatever happens thank you and God bless.
welcome Roy...  we all hope you and your brother Paul make a lot of content for many years to come
Big love to you Paul.
Is Paul dying?
Love you Mr. Harrell. I have enjoyed your content for years. I am at a loss for words. I wish nothing but the best for you and you're family. I am humbled by the little I do know about you sir. Take Care
I've gained a lot of knowledge from you Paul I really appreciate everything you've done on this channel. Thank you so much for all the information you have shared!
Had a brother in law that died from this cancer 6 years ago on the 20th of this month he lasted 2 years after he was diagnosed.
I'm not crying, you're crying. Thank you for expanding my firearms knowledge.
Praying for you Paul!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hello Roy!
Rumor has it that dude has a grizzly bear rug in his living room but the problem is it's not dead,, it's just afraid to move
I hope and pray you make a full recovery, you always made great videos without bias or bravado. I always got a chuckle seeing you shoot all kinds of pistols but it seemed to me you were the best shot with your dad’s old Model 15 service revolver. Godspeed sir, you made the world a better place.
You’ve given us more important advice than anyone else I know. Thank you.
Roy, best of luck to you.
see you down range brother, you are the best of us.
Thank you for everything, Paul.
A straight shooter, and a tough shooter. As tough as they come. Hope I'd have half your strength, Paul. Blessings!
The Man....The Myth.....The Legend!!!!!! Paul Harrell....   when anyone wants unvarnished, no hype  "truth" about firearm related subjects, this is where they come.  Best luck Roy. I'm sure Paul will offer incisive, behind the scenes tips on how to approach any gun subject!
Love you Paul.
Good to meet you Roy! Big shoes to fill
Love you Paul. Oorah brother.
God bless you, Paul.  God bless you, Roy. God bless all your family and loved ones.  Paul, please remember how much you are loved and how many lives you touch.  Thank you.
The legend
Welcome Roy ,you got a tough act to follow . You'll do just fine . Paul Enjoy your retirement . I have enjoyed the videos lots of info and a lot of laughs ,pop in now and then .
Paul I will honestly truly miss you. Please hang in there my friend.  Your a great man doing great things
Paul, thank you for the knowledge and entertainment that you have given me and many others for years.
Paul, one love and mad respect! Greatest "guntuber" ever! You're the only one where I've ever downloaded all videos to share with others. Also, please research Dr. R.i.c.k. S.i.m.p.s.o.n. o.i.l., you can check out his video called R.un F.rom T.he C.ure.
🥺 godspeed, Paul.  🫡  Ill pour one out tonight and have another for Roy.🍺
Paul, it's been many wonderful years watching you... I wish you all the best and hope to see you again once in a while... Ron
I just want to say Thankyou Paul for all the time, hard work and effort you gave your viewers over the years. I speak for everyone when I say we will miss you. Whatever is next for you in life, i hope it goes as smooth for you as possible. Thankyou sir.
I look forward to seeing Roy’s content, however, I don’t think I’m alone in sayin there will only ever be one Paul Harrell. No one will be able to deliver presentations the same way! Much love and respect Professor Harrell!
We love you, Paul. ❤
I admit to not being as strong or as brave as Paul or as eloquent as alot of people making comments and showing support. I'm crying like a baby over this. I'll miss him terribly, it seems stupid because I never met the guy but it's the truth.
I second all these comments. I'd read an autobiography, even a short one.  I'd love if you could keep sharing your knowledge and stories with us, even if it's just a quick video from your own home. Thanks for all the content paul
Hello , Roy!
Paul, you have offered your viewers (such as me) so much.  You have had a positive impact on the lives of many (such as me) through your education and anecdotes and....pauses.  Sir, I SALUTE YOU!
😢
Godspeed brother
Thank you for all the knowledge you shared with us Paul. I cannot wait to see what Roy has to teach us.
Hey Paul,  thank you!!! Your videos are inspirational,  I love your humor and knowledge.  You will not be forgotten,  please make suprise visits when you can.   Rest, enjoy what you enjoy, and again, thank you for all of your content!
My prayers are with you, Paul. Welcome Roy.
Paul I am very sorry to hear this and hope everything works out in your favor. Thank you for all of the knowledge that you have shared and the work that you have put into this channel.
Sorry  to hear bud, get better😢
Paul,  Loved all of your very informative videos.  Learned a great amount of knowledge and wisdom from you and your channel! I hope you can enjoy your time away from the channel, you will be deeply missed.
what what...did i miss something in another vid? whats up with paul not being able to make/be in more  vids
thank you roy
Thanks for all the knowledge shared. 👑
I pray for you.
Let me state simply, thank you for your videos Mr.Harrell.
Im honored i got to know you and to of served with/under you. Im not going to lie this news hurts. God bless you and your family.  - Joel Marsh
Thank you for everything Mr. Harrell! ❤
We're gonna miss you Paul. Thanks for all your hard work.
My subscription will cease when judgement day comes and trumpets sound
Howdy to Roy.
Thanks for the great years, Paul! We love you!
we love you paul harrell <3 bless you for all you that do
Grateful for Paul Harrell.  You are so admirable and have made an unparalleled contribution to firearms education.  Thank you for your service!!
So, was anyone else expecting this to just by "Hi, I'm Roy," followed by fade to black? Or is that just me?
G.O.A.T.  Thank you for everything you have done on this channel.  Thank you for giving us all a glimpse into your perspective, humor and competence.  And especially, thank you for your Thanksgiving specials.  They have helped me through some tuff times...  It would be great if you could give one more video on how you would like to be remembered...
Thanks for your time and effort
There silencing us one way or another.FPS, Yeager, BWE, CRS, and now Paul.
Thanks for everything, Paul.
Thank you Paul for all that you have done. You have certainly touched my life in a positive way and I will definitely miss your content and your sense of humor. I'm hoping you can still manage to make some more videos even if it doesn't involve shooting. I just enjoy hearing your take on whatever it is that you feel like talking about but perhaps that's selfish of me. Whatever you do and wherever this life takes you I feel that the world was a little better place because you were in it. God's speed Sir!
Good luck
Paul, you have taught me a lot in a short amount of time. You will defeat this I know. God Bless, see you soon.
❤ from 🇨🇦 Paul, you can beat this !! 👍🏻
We love you Paul! Praying for you man!
Paul thank you so very much sir 🫡✝️
Good to meet you Roy.
Thanks for the good times, Paul.  Enjoy your Pop -Tarts.
You were good, Paul. Real good. Maybe even the best. What a campaign.
Paul you truly have been an inspiration for me, thank you for all you have contributed to this platform and to the world.
Mr. Harrell, you’re the best firearms instructor to ever be on this platform. I pray God blesses and keeps you sir. May the Lord Jesus comfort and give you strength, rest, and peacefulness.
You are a fortunate man, Paul, for having touched many people positively. Than you.
Thanks Paul. Semper Fi!
Thanks for all the videos Paul. You taught me how to shoot a revolver and we never even met… you added so much good Information to the world of firearms and made it accessible to anyone. I hope you get better.
Hi Roy!  You hang in there too.
Welcome Roy.  God bless you Paul.  🙏👍
As a brother myself I would do the same for my brother ♥️💔
Thank you Paul. Godspeed
I’ve been watching your videos from time to time for years. Always liked the tone and seriousness without being boring. Sad to learn what’s happening. You’ve got some viewers here in France   Good luck man and thanks for everything
Thank you for everything, Paul.  I hope your material remains available for years to come...you have made some videos that I continue to use as references for others to this day.  Roy, a warm welcome, and a big thank you.  We hope you can carry the torch, and bring your own wisdom to the channel.
See you in the next life Mr. Paul Harrell, your contribution to the gun world wont be forgotten anytime soon.
Paul, Thank you for all the great content over the years.
Im gonna miss you Paul.
Paul, I've enjoyed your stuff so much over the years. Your sense of humor, the way you casually clap back at trolls, your knowledge. I hope you can continue to share your experience and knowledge for a while more.  Roy, it's nice to meet you.
Thanks Paul for you great channel. You had the best delivery and the best stories. And your perspective on firearms was refreshing.
Dang!
Paul,  I came across your videos by pure luck.  It's been my favorite ever since.  You've even got my wife hooked to watching you,  which is no small feat as she has absolutely zero interest in anything shooting or survival related.  Thank you for the videos,  the lessons and my favorite part-the LAUGHS!! I truly hope the best for you and your family. God bless you and your family.  Thank you again.
You're a good man Paul.  You've done an amazing job, thank you so much for the lessons.
Welcome Roy <3
I have enjoyed all your videos because you are honest, when so many are full of bovine excrement.  Godspeed and and well wishes.
Godspeed Paul
I’m gonna “hang in there” …thanks  for the update
I’m so sorry to hear this.  Paul, you will be missed.  I have truly enjoyed your videos, and I have learned a ton about firearms and related topics.  Thanks again for being one of the best channels on this platform.
Thank you for all the work you’ve done!
Thank you Mr. Harrell for many years of fun and interesting content. God bless!
Hey Paul, I've been a subscriber for a long time now, since I first got my CCW here in Ohio close to 10 years ago. I just wanted to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for being such an incredible resource to us in the gun community. I have learned so much from you over the years and am far and away a better shooter and gun owner now than I was before. I've always appreciated your factual approach and "dawn of time explanations" and your sense of humor. I've looked forward to your Thanksgiving specials every year and enjoyed each one. You have done so much good and provided so much good information to so many people. I truly wish you the best and I will miss you greatly as I remain a viewer of the great channel you created. Thank you Paul, truly for everything.
Paul, sorry to hear about your health issues.  You are in my prayers.  Thank you for all the wonderful videos.  Roy, welcome and wish you the very best.
God bless you and watch over you, always. All of you.
Sir Paul you got this bro ✌️🍺🇺🇸
Rest now good sir and peace to you as you write the final chapter.
My heart goes out to you and your family, Paul. I can't see what comes of the channel
Paul, you are not the YouTuber we deserve, you're the one we need...
So sorry to hear you are stepping back, but look forward to content from your brother. Wishing you all the best in the future, god bless!...
Thank you Paul and nice to meet you Roy!
Ive been watching your vids for awhile, always enjoy them, i love the details and thoughts behind them, I’ve watched some more than once.
God speed and well wishes Paul. We've all learned alot from your informative videos over the years.  Perhaps you'll make cameos in future videos. I shall continue to watch as your brother Roy takes up the mantle. 🫡
Sending all the love your way, Paul. Thank you for all the years of knowledge, anecdotes, and entertainment you've blessed us with. Focus on your health, and on getting where you need to be. There are a lot of entertainers who I hold near and dear enough to my heart, who I consider "friends". You are one of those. I hope your leave of absence is nothing more than a brief, Shatner-esque... pause, and that you soon fell better enough to come back to us. But in the meantime, we look forward to seeing more of Roy. You will be missed more than our words can express. You will forever be in our hearts, and in our prayers.
Nice to meet you Roy and I hope Paul will get better soon. This channel must go on and I’m sure you will continue to carry that torch as well as add your own flare to it. Best of luck to all.
Paul, good luck! I hope things turn out well. Roy, I'll be watching. It will be interesting hearing the LEO perspective.
Still not paul 😢
I'll bet Paul stores that crutch in his coat pocket when he's not using it! I'm sorry you have to go through this, you've brought countless hours of entertainment and knowlege to the masses. Thanks for that.
Paul if you endorse someone that's good enough for me.
Paul, Thank you for all the content you have made over the years and don't worry about the channel.  Take care of yourself and keep your spirits up, a positive outlook really does help you recover faster and worrying about your channel should be the last thing on your mind.  I know your dedicated fans will continue watching all the videos and I personally plan to watch them all over again from the very first video so that you get the extra views and hopefully money.  Best of luck and hope that 2024 ends up being a miracle year for you.
God bless you Paul, all our prayers are with you.🫡
I think it's noble the way that you're gently bowing Out and letting your brother take over the content of the Is channel. Needless to say those of us who have suffered cancer or have had those in our lives who have suffered cancer Understand the life-changing circumstances that take place. God bless you on your journey from this moment on
See you, space cowboy.
You are in my prayers Paul...will miss you I learned a lot from you!!❤🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I’d like to meet “Joe”! I’m not sure what to say but I’ll be praying for a miracle for you!! Thank you for the many years of knowledge transfer… I can honestly say I’ve learned more from you than anyone. Now I’m gonna be selfish and say that we’d all love to hear any stories you haven’t told. God bless!!! 🙏 😢 🧥
I’ve been out on a sabbatical.  What happened to Paul?
Hey Roy/Paul I've an episode idea  for you. Biggest north american Grizzley taken down with a .22 Bella Twin claims she used a cooey single shot .22 to take that bear that was charging her. I belive a well aimed .22 shot(or lucky one) could take down a bear. However Coworker claims his uncle and Dad who were in the Slave Lake area said she had a pump .22 If you notice the shot placements in the skull photos sure looks like a pump shot pattern to me. Amazing feat in itself but I would like to know the real truth.
😢I’m not a “gun enthusiast” in the sense some of us are, by I do own a home defense firearm, and thanks to watching your educational videos for many years feel far more informed about firearms in general and about making an informed choice based in part on the great information which you have provided over the years. I wish you Godspeed in your recovery.
I literally only go to YouTube for Paul Harrells meat target videos
Thank you for great information you freely shared with us. ❤
It's been real sir. Thanks for the content, it's been an honor to support your channel.
Paul, I've learned a ton from your videos over the years. I appreciate all the work you've put into your channel. We all do.
Best wishes to You Paul from Germany! Hope you will get well and come back on screen one day!
Paul, you were the very first Guntuber I ever subscribed to.  You even took the time to answer a couple of my "Newb" questions,  I am grateful for your knowledge, wisdom, and insight.  God Bless you Sir.
Incredible clout and dignity. We love you guys
i appreciate all the content you put out, every so often i'll go back to that miami dade video, thanks for everything
Sad to see Paul go, wish him the best of health, and I've found his videos informative.  Welcome aboard Roy, plan to continue to follow
Welcome to the channel Roy, and thank you for sharing your experience with us over the years Paul. So glad I got to shake your hand at a gun show once.
God damn this is heart breaking
Did I miss something? Thank you. God Bless and stay safe.
Godspeed, my friend. You made caveat my favorite word. I use it often because of you.
I'm not crying. The Sun's in my eye.  I'm sure I'm not the only one, but I want to tell you, I'm praying for you, Paul. Thank you for all you've done for us.
"Meat Target!!!!!!!!!!!" FOREVER!
Thank you for your time and videos. I have been loving them! I wish you will have fast and painless last voyage. God bless you.
Thank you, Paul!
I’ve been on this ride since the beginning, and your knowledge has helped my own grow. Your enthusiasm for firearms has added to mine. My favorite video will always be your breakdown of the infamous 1986 FBI shootout in Miami. It’s so informative and insightful. I recommend it to everyone I speak to who has any interest in guns or starts the old caliber debate.   Thank you, Paul. God bless you ❤
I am very grateful that I had the opportunity to watch and listen to Paul for a long time. I learned a gtreat deal of knowledge from him and he will be missed.
I salute you Sir. Thank you.
You took the GunTuber world by storm mostly because it fit your hands better than most.
I will miss you Paul, im going to welcome all of Roy with open arms
Thank you Paul for all the info, anecdotes, advice and humor. I always hear your voice when somebody says "actually". Feel better Welcome Roy
Damn, Paul you're the mentor i never had in my personal life. Whatever happens to you know that you influenced me in good ways, and i've passed on what i know to others as best i can. Wish you the best Paul.
God bless, Paul!
I hope that you can see Paul that we all love you! Cheers and Godspeed to you sir
Anytime someone says “ I have xx as a law enforcement officer” I know it’s my time to check out. Thanks Paul for all the great knowledge and videos over the years.
Thank you Paul for hour upon hour of enjoyment. Roy, I look forward to your presentations. I pray for you all.......
Well Roy sure has some big shoes to fill and I truly hope it's not for years to come if ever.
Best of luck and may your health return, Paul. You've been an inspiration and valuable trainer throughout the many years. We'll see how your brother does, hope to see you again my friend.
I'll stick around. miss ya Uncle Paul
Hi Roy! I look forward to your stories and other content. I am sure we will learn a lot from you while Paul is busy kicking cancer's ass.
All I can say is I wish you the best in the days to come, Goodbye and Hello
Praying for you and your lived obes Paul.  Ive loved your videos since I discovered your chammel.  Roy, looking forward to getting to know you.
I’d love to hear your full breakdown of the Newhall incident
Damn this hit close to home having lost my father with no warning to the same. Wishing you the absolute best in care and hope to see you beat it. You have been a great teacher to so many and trust Roy will continue with the the same standards you have presented.  God speed to you sir.
Thank you for all of your quality content over the years Paul Harrell!
Paul, if I haven't said so already - THANK YOU.  Semper Fidelis.
Do not go gently, Paul. You're the best
I have learned SOOOOOO much from Paul!  I am just finding out that his long term health is in question.  Apparently I missed an important update regarding his health a few months ago.  I do not know much about his situation, but I want to say I am extremely grateful for his skills and his willingness to share his knowledge with all of us.  Paul has replied directly to a couple of my questions over the years (much to my surprise - Thank you Paul!!)  My prayers, gratitude and best wishes to Paul and his family.
Glad to meet you mr roy. Paul thanks, for ervery long rants, take care!
God Bless you Paul & Roy!
We love you, Paul. We will always love you.
What about your epic “ Shatner-esc” vernacular? Can you coach him thru ?  Take care of yourself and we hope for the best
“I did’na  cry when me own father was hung for stealing a pig, but I'll cry now.”
Man, I'm not prepared for this.
😢.....
Paul Harrell🇺🇸 You're the Clint Eastwood of YouTube! No one could ever replace you!! 😢
Hi Roy, I’m sure you will do a great job. I want to say that I have really enjoyed watching Paul and his content. I wish him the best and pray he recovers.
God bless you Paul, and your family
Welcome Roy and thanks for the intro Paul, along with the work you have created.
First of all, Paul, thank you for producing these presentations for us for as long as you have and for being willing to continue to do them for as long as you can.  You are appreciated.  God bless you.  Second of all, Roy and crew, thank you for helping Paul all these years and being willing and ready to step in when the time comes.  You are also appreciated.  God bless all of you, as well.
Good to meet you Brother Roy.  Welcome to our community, and thank you for picking up, and carrying the flag.
I've been a fan for years. You've taught me a lot and I really enjoyed your content Paul. I'm a survivor myself, all I can say is fight my friend with everything you have! God bless....you'll be in my prayers!
A simple thank you, Paul, all your wisdom will not be forgotten.
I don’t usually comment on videos.  But Paul. You’re awesome man. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve watched your Miami dade shootout video. I can genuinely say you make me less afraid of the end, and you’ve taught me a lot.    I can say with 100% certainty, I will reference your content decades from now when in firearms related discussions. You’ve left a positive mark on the community, and you’ll be an idol long after you’re gone
We're all praying and pulling for you, Paul Got 800k+ folks behind you ❤
God speed, Paul.
Crying?!?! HA!! I'm not crying it's just that I'm surrounded by onions.
I’m grateful I got to lean as many lessons as I did from you. Changed the way I think about firearms, and shoot. You will be sorely missed, Paul.
Paul can you handle and possibly do a get together so we can celebrate all the stuff youve taught us and everything?  You are the reason my home defense shotgun is loaded with no 4 buck
Yeah, Roy, but do you come with any caveats?
Hi Paul, are you retiring?
Thank you for inspiring me to become a certified pistol instructor. Thank you for the anecdotes, and above all, thank you for the real-world practicality you infused into your videos. You were my first YouTube subscription. You were a mentor that I never met. May God bless you.
I hope he just means for treatment and not that they gave him a terminal diagnosis. This is the only gun tuber (or any YouTuber for that matter) that could have me sit and watch an hour and a half cooking video.
Thank you for teaching me so much Paul
Paul, you’ve been such a great help to me. I want you to know that you will be missed. Take care and My whole family wishes you all the best. It’s stay tuned in as I am interested in what yer brother has to say. Once again, thanks for all you’ve done.
THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU’VE TAUGHT US!
God Bless You.
Ever since I got my CCW permit and begun my research on the topic, your channel has been an invaluable resource for how and what I carry for a firearm.   I’m feeling sad that we won’t be seeing you as often, Paul. But if you are placing the responsibility of making educational content for us in the hands of your brother, I’ll give him a fair chance.
Best wishes to you Paul, good luck to Roy. I'm sad to see you go, regards from Australia.
Ive watched and rewatched just about every video on your channel over the years.  The amount of knowledge and reference information you’ve given the world is immeasurable.
Hopefully Kellanova does a shout out. I want to see that least a sponsorship video before you go.
Looking forward to hear from Roy. And from you Paul too, of course.
Paul, thank you for all the years of incredible videos you have shared to this community.  Your perspective is invaluable and the amount of time and energy you put forth creating amazing content throughout the years is truly appreciated.  With that being said welcome Roy!
There’s only two Guntubers that I truly respect and that’s Ian (Forgotten Weapons) and you.  No BS, no drama, just facts and good information.  I’m glad the channel will be kept going but you will be missed, Paul.
The cryptic simplicity of what you said Paul, hit pretty hard. I welcome your dear brother. I hate sickness, hate how it steals life. I love you Paul, and the integrity you've shown consistently on the channel, the contributions you've made to Americans, the example you've set for those outside this country.
Paul I wish you the best and a healthy recovery. Cause I don't want to see your POS brother take over. You take care buddy.
God bless you Paul
Maybe we can do 'Table talk with paul' or something of the sort 🤔
Love you Paul
Paul I'm going to miss you. I've found your videos to be both entertaining and intelligently informative.Best of luck to you my friend.
Is this loss? 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
God bless.
I am so glad to have met you even though for only the briefest time. So grateful I found your channel a few years back.
Thank you Paul. God Bless.
Paul, thank you for all the knowledge you’ve shared here. Godspeed sir
Can we get one final oral hygiene diatribe?
Keep on fighting Paul, we all have your back and welcome Roy we all hope Paul comes back but we would love to see you also on his return after he beats this shit.
Paul, it will be different not watching your unmatchable videos with your unique presentation skills. Thank you for the work and effort you’ve put into making each video one of anticipation.
I hear you’ve got the Shatner style pause down, so you’re off on the right foot.
I’ve been watching your videos for a few years now and wanted to tell you that I will miss you on the channel. Thank you for all the great information you’ve provided us I personally have enjoyed it and found it useful. Again thank you and God Bless you.
You have taught me so much and you have done so much good for the gun owner community.  I'm not a religious man but, god bless you man.  You are a great teacher.  You have done so much good.
Paul, you've given a certain presence in passion to a 18 years old boy in Italy. You gave me the tips that a father shoul give to a son, the calm and diplomacy as a practical example, this is not legal advice, its just my opinion from my experience, but you're one of the best people i've evere known
I think you couldn't have made a better choice Paul. Lots of love, you have helped me to pursue my career field in firearms. 🫶
So not sure exactly what's going on, and not really any of my business.  Just want you to know that as a long time subscriber I've thoroughly enjoyed the content created by your team and yourself. I don't comment often as I usually have nothing to add( that's a good thing)😮 I think the most I ever questioned was conicals in cap and ball,  but that's only because of the fact I shoot conicals in mine.  Personal experience is a normal thing  I pray to wakan tanka for a great journey in all your endeavors.  Ahh ho Mountain man
I am not sure why so many of you seem to think this is the end of the road for Paul. His exact words were 'the time I have left to continue making content in this format has become very short'. He didn't say forever or permanently, and he said 'in this format'. Let's wait for the follow up into before making any final judgements about the future maybe?
Stay strong Paul. Glad to see Roy come on in.
Mr. Harrell, I consider myself fortunate to have learned so much from you, I admire you in many ways. Learning of your condition has brought me deep sadness, I would just like to state that whatever the future may bring, you will live on in the hearts and minds of those of us who have used the lessons and anecdotes you have shared to improve ourselves on and off the range... Thank you.
I look forward to your videos, Roy.  Thank you for all you've shared with us, Paul. That's all needs to be said.
Paul,  you've set a fine example for how a man should behave on the internet and in life.  I salute you.
Hi Roy!  Welcome to the degeneracy that is "the YouTube comments section". We love Paul and I'm sure we'll be equally happy to see his own brother carrying on his fine work.
Aaahhhh shit.
Paul, been watching your content for awhile. you are really the only really practical firearms provider of this caliber on YouTube. Your stuff is legendary and the community will lose a lot without you there.   Continue the fight. And thank you again for all your content for the 2a community.
It always has been and will continue to be a privilege to watch your channel.
Why does life suck so much?  Thank you for brightening our days with your dry wit, knowledge, and overall thanks for helping me get over my fear of handling weapons and bolstered my confidence shooting.
Not gonna get emotionally longwinded.....but F cancer...
Paul needs to publish all the Joe stories in one place.
Welcome to YouTube Roy!
I had always hoped I would run into you at a NRA meeting just to tell you I get your humor and sarcasm, Mom only lasted 27 days but don't you give up there are such things as miracles. Only now do I feel I can say Love you buddy!
You got big shoes to fill Roy, but we will cheer you on along the way!  Paul, thank you so very much for all that you have done, the things you taught us, the meat targets, the great stories you shared, and those great Shatner pauses! Thanks for all the years of priceless content!
Thank you for being a man who is willing to share his knowledge rather than shame those who have yet to learn it, as well as being a reminder that we can both be a member of a community and stay out of the drama that may erupt within it.
Legend
Damn I can’t believe I actually got a little teary eyed. Gonna miss you brother we we’re 100% behind your brother
Paul you have brought a lot of joy to me with this channel and your content. Thanks so much. Much love and prayers.
Paul you rock brother....stay strong.
Welcome, Roy. We appreciate you stepping up like this.
Paul u will be missed
God bless Paul thanks for all the content over the years.
I've learned so much from you, Mr Harrell. Because of you, I shoot better, load better, and speak better. Thank you for teaching us.
Thank you Paul for all the knowledge you have passed down. I was completely new to guns a few years ago, and my knowledge has grown exponentially since finding channels like yours and getting lots of hand on experience myself.  Good luck Roy, you've got some big shoes to fill but I'll be sure to check out the content you make as I'm sure you have lots of wisdom to share as well.
Paul ive loved your content throughout the years, your reviews helped me purchase my first gun (Ruger 57 in caliber 5.7x28 as you might say). You have absolutely left a legacy in your time on YouTube and helped many of us in many ways. Thank you. Welcome Roy, you have big shoes to fill, though im sure you are already aware of that. We understand youre getting used to things and thoigh we will miss Paul we look forward to what you bring for us as well
Thank you, Mr. Harrell, thank you for everything you've done.
Thank you so much Paul. You have done so much good for Americans and the firearms community. I take inspiration from the way you carry yourself and your service. We love you Paul Harrell. I'm in tears over this news. Thank you for passing the channel to capable hands. Thank you.
We love you, Paul. And we welcome you, Roy.
I got my gun licence two years ago, ever since I got it, I have been going through your videos in order to educate myself. There is no one else producing content in the quality and with the depth of knowledge as you. Thank you Paul, godspeed.  Love from Czech Republic.
I've really enjoyed your videos over the years, thank you for everything You've done.  Kick cancer's ass.
Roy. I hear that pain in your voice brother. I know that this must be a hell for you. You aren't alone.
Still rooting for you Paul! And big thanks to your bro for stepping in!
GOD SPEED SIR
Roy, I look forward to seeing what you bring to the table. So sorry for your family and Paul's friends. I lost my younger brother 5 years ago. His memory stays alive and well in my heart everyday. 😥 Gods speed Paul. You might not have the biggest channel, but you most certainly have the most loyal group.
G'day Roy. That's a big pair of shoes to fill. Looking forward to your presentations.
I hope you get better soon. You're definitely one of my favorites on YouTube. Gonna miss you, and thank you for all the great content.
Thank you, Paul. Welcome Roy.
Godspeed
I speak for all of us 😭😭😭
One of the most under rated gun tubers out there. Love you paul .
Thank you Paul, thank you Roy!
Paul Harrell.  The only person Chuck Norris calls on for advice.
Thank you for providing such valuable content. To be able to run these videos and to keep up with all of lifes daily struggles must not be easy. Thank you for maintaining humility and consistency through all of the challenges.
Welcome Roy, as a long time viewer of Paul's channel I look forward to getting to know you and what you have to offer. Good luck *Smiles*
It's the end of an era. I salute you good sir.
We appreciate all you’ve done Paul!
I’m looking forward to learning from Roy. I’m going to miss you Paul.
Paul, you have inspired me and informed me with your experiments and stellar content.
Your videos always brought joy and plenty of Information.  We all will miss you and your content dearly.
@Paul Harrell Your Pancreatic cancer can be cured, research Urotherapy, Dr. Ed Group can explain how to help you in less than an hour. You can easily survive this if you act now my friend, do not give up.
Paul, you made me laugh, you made me cry, and I learned so much ... Whatever happens next, I remain hopeful you can beat this !!!
Thank You Paul for your knowledge and time spent making videos. Be well.
Paul, I would personally like to thank you for all your content, many years of the best YouTube gun and ammo advice a fella could get. I have learned a great deal watching and listening to your videos. i have enjoyed the meat target and distaste for soda a great deal. I do not drink the crap. I have turned several people onto your channel because of how I felt about what you had to offer. several of whom thought they knew a lot. they indeed learned a few new things. Hats off to your brother for stepping in, he has some boots to fill. I just hope is anti-dotes will be as good. Definity going to miss seeing you on here. Thanks for sharing. you are a professional.
Oh Man 😢 No Words ! Your Brothers got a tough act to follow. All Good Mojo your way.
Been watching for years and will continue for the great content. In a time where a majority of channels go the route of click bait and gimmicks you've always been a refreshing source for deadpan knowledge. Best wishes to you and your family.
Yes welcome Roy
I miss Paul already
Roy, sorry to meet you this way. This must be very tough for you. I believe I have watched close to every of Paul’s videos and learned a lot. Just do your best be true to yourself.
Paul, whatever happens, good luck. Thank you for all the wisdom.
Thank you Paul. From one vet to another, I salute you. Going to miss your pauses (Shatner's got nothin' on you brother!), anecdotes, along with the meat target demos and Pop Tart intros. God bless!
what is wrong, exactly?
Hello Roy. I forgot earlier.
Best wishes.  Give em hell, Paul.  Welcome,  Roy.
G'day, Roy.
Thank you Paul❤
Here is a Man getting the last of his affairs in order, with a stoic composure that would make ancient philosophers weep. Godspeed Paul, we shall never see your like again.
Hope you know how valued you are to your community Paul, it’s been a long and amazing journey. We’ve all come away a little bit more knowledgeable and better prepared  And as for Roy, welcome aboard!
Paul, praying for you and your brother and family. May the Lord bless and keep you. Thank you and Godspeed ❤
❤
Dear God. This year has a lotta changes. Roy,  you have boots to fill that I do not envy. I look forward to learning more, as I always have from this channel. Welcome Roy. You sound like an interesting man with much I'd like to hear...  I look forward to what ya got to teach. Only my well wishes Paul.
My heart is broken. Paul will give cancer a real fight. Roy seems to be a respectable man in his own right, I'm sure he's going to do an amazing job while Paul does what he has to do.
I really appreciate all the content you've put out Paul. I've learned a lot and been very entertained at the same time Thank you for everything you've shared with us and thank you for your service. The world needs more men like you around and I'm glad we've had you this long
Paul, I have enjoyed your videos very much. Thank you for sharing your knowledge and humor with us.
Well Paul I wish you well and if you are are going to that gun range in the sky I think you know as well as most of us you found your niche and not many men do in life , thank you for the meat target and the high tech fleece bullet stop
You are a great inspiration, Paul. This makes me sad that you cannot continue. I have enjoyed what you have given your community very much, you will be deeply missed in the format. Thank you and warmest wishes
What a man, Godspeed.
Godspeed Paul, thanks for everything... Youve already given us more than we can ever repay.
Thank you sir, your contribution to this world made a real difference In peoples lives. It did in mine. I salute you!
My grandpa passed from cancer a couple years back, and when he was sick, we bonded over your videos. I’ll always remember that. Thanks for everything. God bless.
Thanksgiving is not going to be the same. Can't thank you enough for the content.
I pity that meat target
Paul you are a great person on guntuber. I enjoy your videos and watch and reference your older videos. I have learned so much from you and now I work in firearms sales and I use what I have learned from you. Thank you.
Thanks, Roy! We’ll be looking forward to the latest videos!! Stay STRONG Paul!! We’ll all be here for you!
Paul Please Take care We wanna see you back soon
Roy is definitely your brother, Paul. His voice is literally just yours but with a slight increase in pitch.
Prayers for Paul Harrell and his family 🙏 and much appreciation for all the laughs, knowledge, and insights you have shared with us.
I’ve been on YouTube since 2010. I’ve watched too many of my favorite channels end this way. Too many of my friends and family for that matter.
Thank you for your time Paul enjoy yourself bud
Do not go gentle into that goodnight
Welcome Roy! We look forward to the content in the future. Thank you Paul for everything you’ve shared with the firearms community, seasoned and new shooters alike. God bless you sir.
Damn
We're with you Roy.
My hat is off to you Paul. I truly appreciate the amazing work what you have done, I hope that there is a chance you may return one day. I'll be praying for you.
Let’s do something for Paul, Road to 1 Million Subscribers!
Hello Roy.
Paul, your a good man, brother in arms and a helluva mentor.  Thank you for being you.
Paul, you're a good person and a real man.  I hope you can keep going as long as possible.
Thank you Paul for all the education you have provided to the community of firearms owners.  You will be missed.  I will continue to watch your prior content and the new content from Roy.  The start of this video just triggers memories of the loss of my parents whose heath declined rapidly why I was there through their hospice care up until the left me.
Wow just wow, this is sad. You are awesome and will be missed. Thank you for all you have done for this country and the gun community. I am going to miss have Thanksgiving dinner with someone now. 😢😢
Terrible news. You’ve been so influential to me and I’ve adopted so many of your caveats when giving my opinions.  Paul, I can’t say anything that will make things better, but I’ll see you on the other side, brother. Where the ammo is free and the deer are plentiful.
Thanks Paul for all the knowledge and wisdom you’ve passed on to us young men over the years. I’m sure I speak for more than myself that without your channel I would be much less knowledgeable on this important subject. Simply put, lots of us don’t have a knowledgeable person to tell us much more than “fudd” lore. Sincerely, thanks for all you’ve done. (Edit) for what it’s worth I am 24 and will be a lifelong learner
Paul, as someone new to gun ownership, I spent hours watching your videos. Thanks for everything
I really want to see you collab with a few other guntubers for the fun of it while you still can
I learned so much and your stories were so entertaining. Thank you for the good times I had. Godspeed!
Obviously,  this is tough news but wanted to welcome Roy. Being a police veteran and Paul saying you know your stuff , I'll definitely be tuning in. Thank you Paul for your huge contribution to the YouTube gun community and welcome Roy, all the best to you both 🙌😊
I dont know what to say...  Welcome Roy, all the best Paul and thank you for everything. God bless
By His stripes Paul was healed
Godspeed Paul Thoughts and prayers inbound
Welcome Roy, Paul 😢you have given many wonderful hours of information to us, thank you
God speed Paul.  Turkey Tail mushrooms. CBD oil. Mebendazole. Extremely low caloric intake.
Damn
Friends, please join me in sharing Paul’s channel far and wide. Subscribe if you haven’t, and encourage others to do so. Let’s get him to a million subscribers as soon as possible, and share the wealth of information he has shared with us.
Best wishes Paul. Thank you for all you've done.  Hello Roy. I'm Lex. Pleased to meet you.
Thanks for everything Paul!
The most stoic man alive.
Thanks for all your lessons Paul. Welcome Roy, I know this will be harder for you than us but we're here for you.
I will pray for you Paul.  Thank you for all of your wisdom, and tutelage.
Paul I don’t know if you’ll ever read this or whether it’s a compliment you’d be willing to take, but I just gotta say it while either of those are still possible- you’re the very best to ever do this, and I for one will never forget it or let anyone say otherwise.
HELL YEAH ROY HARREL CHANNEL!!!
Thank you for all of the valuable lessons you have taught.
Praying for your healing and recovery!! Stay strong 💪
Good luck, Paul. Welcome, Roy.
God Bless and thank you!
Are you dying?!
Thank you for everything, Mr.Harrell. You're an incredible man and a real hero.
God fucking damnit. I lost my dog to cancer, I lost my grandpa to cancer on the same day that a TV show host I like also died of cancer, and now Paul. Fuck cancer.
I’m gonna miss that shatner pause 🥺 best learning channel for firearms on YouTube.
He better be able to cook with charcoal and a dutch oven. Im just sayin.
An incredible teacher and a even more incredible man. hope you can fight through this Paul but no matter what happens i think i can speak for everyone in saying Thank you for everything you've done for all of us 👍
We are going to miss you paul
God Bless you, Paul.  And welcome to the camera Brother Roy.
Hey man, I just wanted to say I appreciate you, and all of the knowledge you've shared throughout the years. Wishing you good health.
Godspeed Paul.  Whatever happens, I wish you peace and comfort, in knowing you’ve helped so many.
Thank you Paul for all the videos and information. Spend your time left with your loved ones and tell them how much you love them.
Roy, you throw in some cutting sarcasm and funny voice imitations and you’ll keep my kids and me howling and enjoying your content as much as we love Paul’s. Can you cook like Paul? Even if not, please throw a cooking in the field video in at least twice a year. 🙏 Paul, can’t tell you how we’ll miss you! Where can my kids and I get a Paul Harrell autograph? We like collecting autographed merch/hats from our favorite YouTubers!
Thank for everything Mr. Harrell.
Its been an a pleasure watching your videos over the years Paul. Im glad this amazing channel with Roy.
Magnificent. We are all going that way anyway..... do it right....   And welcome, Roy!
Paul, we wish you well! Welcome Roy. Can't wait to see what you have for us.
I'll stay to see what Roy has to offer... but... I need a few minutes right now.  Can't see very well.  Miss you already.
Hi Roy your brother is a legend. Happy to have you around
Paul, I have prayed for your comfort and that the Lord gives you healing or communes with you in redemption, His will be done. You are a true gentleman and know that your content has been a source of knowledge and enjoyment for tens of thousands of people for many years. May God's peace be unto you and your family. Thank you Paul.
Nice to meet you Roy. Paul, you’re the man. Hang in there.
A greek restaurant owner once said to me, during his decline, that we are all just sparks in the universe. Life is but a spark of what actuality is. Your stay here seems long on earth. But its just a spark.   He hadd. Heart surgerys. He died.. he was a jovial fellow that angelo. I worked grill for him and he bought cases of Brandy for me to drink
Love you, Paul & wish you the best.
Forever a Legend Mr Paul! We Love You Sir ❤️🙏🏻🇺🇸💯🤙🏻🫡
Roy, here to support you and carry on Paul's legacy.  I am ready to learn from you, and hope your sense of humor is as dry and witty as Paul's.  If not, okay, let's rock this channel!  Paul, I want to personally thank you for all your wisdom, your service to the United State of America, service to the 2A community.  Also, thank you for your witty sense of humor, as it makes your content a joy to watch.  Continue to live your life to the fullest you can.  Best Curtis aka  Fuswa (bird) Tenetke (thunder), Thunder Bird.
I've only been gone a year, this happens. Actually, what happened?
We are here !  Paul , Godspeed !
Thanks for everything Paul. Your legacy will be remembered and continued
My holidays will never be the same. Your thanksgiving specials were something I looked forward to every year. Take care sir.
Praying for you and your family Paul, thank you for all your videos I have learned a lot from you.
Really gonna miss you. We love you paul.
Love you, man.  Praying for you.  Thank you for all you have done and all you have shared.  Your videos will be watched and shared with others long into the future.
Not much I can say that hasn't already been said, but nonetheless, thank you for everything you've done Paul.
Welcome Roy!
God's blessings for you and your family and peace be with you Paul...
Thanks for everything Paul, you're the man! Welcome Roy!
Thanks for everything, Paul.
That is what legit badass looks like. Fair winds and following seas. You’ll be missed.
God bless you and your family, Paul. Thank you for everything
Wow! In shock! 😢 i have learned so much from you! Godspeed!
If it’s time to rest, so be it. Your brother looks like a capable fella. We will miss you sir.
❤
Praying for you Paul.
Paul you’re the best Godspeed
Adios Mr. Harrell.
I will miss the Shatneresque pauses
Welcome Roy! Not going to do the disservice to you both of comparing your future vids with Paul's old content, just accepting the change and giving you both your proper respects. Looking forward to the new videos, and wishing the best for you and your family. Thank you Paul for the knowledge, wisdom, and the medium through which you shared the two. It was a fun ride.
Paul and I probably would never have met in 1,000 years, but I respect the guy. Been watching for a while, but not as long as many. One thing that stood out once, and quiet randomly, is that the man was built like a tank. One leg used to be like one whole human. Paul, sorry for your circumstances, but I won't google what ails you. I'll just keep to the memories of you. Wishing you good days ahead with your friends and family.
Thank you for all the years of quality videos, Paul. You've made a very positive impact on my life, gotten me to think, and entertained me immensely since I got into shooting a few years ago. Godspeed.  And to Roy: welcome aboard!
we are losing a man, an expert, and a teacher. Godspeed and may the continued journey "out here on the range" be always overseen by this man/expert/teacher
Whatever happens now, I appreciate the content that you have given us Paul - you changed my view and approach to firearms and gave me endless entertainment and information to go through. I'm praying for you. I also look forward to the content that Roy will bring us.
Hello Roy!  Welcome aboard!
Paul - You’re an absolute legend and inspire me to take charge of my life.   Thank you for everything.
Paul - I am not a frequent commenter any place on YT.  That said I wish you Godspeed in your future and prayers for a recovery.  Whatever your future holds, know that you have been a positive influence in the world.  Thanks for your service brother!
Paul you have been an irreplaceable role model for me and I'm so grateful I had to privilege of meeting you at a gunshow in Oregon about 1-2 years ago. It was really awesome to talk with you in person. Your experience, knowledge of firearms, intelligence, ability to tell stories, realistic attitude, scientific method of testing things, sense of humor, etc have made you my favorite Youtuber of all time. I have learned so much from you that I will carry with me for the rest of my life. If I have ever have some questions or advice, I will think about what you most likely would have recommended to me. Looking forward to Roy and what the crew have going forward.
Been watching for years, love your content. thanks for taking your time to share what you know to the world. God bless.
Paul, I’ve been watching your videos since before the channel was called ‘Paul Harrell’. You have truly been one of the best presenters in the space. Thanks
Thank You for everything !!
...are we losing you?  I... don't know how to process that.  You are going to be missed terribly.
Pleasure to make your acquaintance Roy, I look forward to your videos. Thank you for all the knowledge and great content Paul. Take care, my friend.
Welcome,Roy! I'll give you a go! Best wishes, Paul! You will be missed!
Oh captain, my captain ❤
Thank you so much Paul for making our lives richer, happier and better in so many ways for so long!  You have made our Thanksgivings the best ever! Thank you for those priceless hours of fun, learning and little insights to your life, we will cherish that always!  The knowledge of firearms you've imparted and taught is second to no one! Thank you for teaching and helping us! My husband and I will continue to pray for you and we will miss seeing you something awful! We are eternally grateful for you and to you for everything! Godspeed Paul! ❤
Sure will miss you when you are gone Paul. Thank you for all of the lessons you’ve taught us over the years.
It would be nice to see some other gun tube influencers make a guest appearance. A lot of them mention Mr. Harrel and his vast wealth of knowledge in their videos. Honest Outlaw, Mr Gunsngear, Garand Thumb, etc. best wishes and good luck Roy.
Paul, we love you. Thank you so much for all you’ve done. You’ve been an essential part of my membership in the firearms ownership community.
Ive noticed the crutches i thought he beoke his hipor something can someone tell me whats going on we love.ypu paul get better man truly one of a kind man
We're going to miss you Paul
Big Welcome to Roy, and Mr. Paul thank you very much for all of the lessons and info you've given us throughout your time. You are and always will be a Legend around here. Godspeed.
God bless, Paul.  You've been an inspiration to a lot of people, and your reach goes further than you know.  Thanks for all you've done.
Paul you don’t know me from Adam but my prayers are with you, and  your family.
Thank you Paul, I've learned so much from you about firearms, your knowledge is epic. Also a big welcome to Roy, you got some big shoes to fill but I have a feeling you'll do just fine.
Best of wishes to you Paul.
REST IN PEACE, PAUL.. 😢
Just would like to say thanks to Paul for the great content. Been a long time consumer of his content since way back in the early days. I've had a few discussions back-and-forth in the comments that I thoroughly enjoyed and just found his content to be.  Very refreshing and useful for the Everyday man .with the exception of your content the you tube "training community was all  about Glocks with extended   30 round magazines or you might as well not even carry. Then paul comes along with advice and training on how to use what you've got and I've been safer every since. So thank you Paul for being very practical and informative. And if Roy has your endorsement  then count me in .Again thank you Paul for the good times and God bless.
Unless I've missed a video, it ain't over til it's over, and I hope this video is simply a reference to going away for treatment.  If anybody can beat it, this guy can.  You're a National Treasure Mr. Harrell, hope to you see you back soon.
hey Paul i really have enjoyed you videos over the years and i think your a swell guy i wish you the best in your journey
Massive well wishes to you Paul, thanks for everything you've done over the years.
Respect Paul I’ve learned so much ❤ Godspeed
I hope this works out. I’m a James Yeager trainee, he is gone now, but also love Paul’s approach. He has taught us so much. This hits me solidly in the feels. 😢
Welcome, Roy. And thank you, Paul, for all You've taught us.
Paul, the videos you've put out over the years have educated us, entertained us, and most of all enriched our experiences as Shooters and good citizens.   I've been following you for years, and despite never meeting you in person, I can say without a doubt that you're one of the BEST instructors I've ever had.   Thank you for everything, we're praying for you brother.
Love you, Paul. You’re one of a kind buddy.  Thanks for all the years of information and entertainment.
World class man, world class channel. Thank you for all the knowledge you have passed along.
Paul, my prayers are with you brother. May God keep and bless you.
Paul you are an amzing person for the gun community and I hope your brother can bring just as much greatness to youtube as you have, rest easy o7
I have very much enjoyed your personality and all that you have given this community, Paul. What a gift, and one that will not be soon forgotten. I respect the way you have carried yourself and the man you are, which is not common these days. I hope that your journey goes as well as can be expected and, whatever your views, I hope to get to meet you on the other side of this, after my own journey. God speed.
Pain
Your amazing Paul. The knowledge that you have passed on has been invaluable.  Thank you and I hope you are able to pop in every now and then, even if you are not out on the range. God Bless you.
THANK YOU………
Cancer is a real son of a b!tch.  May your journey to the afterlife suck as little as possible.  You will be missed, and remembered.
We’re gonna miss you Paul. Thanks for it all.
😢😢damn…we will always remember you Paul!
Thank you Paul ❤   We welcome you with open arms Roy! Thank you for stepping in.
Thank you for everything Paul. You will be celebrated, respected, and deeply missed. I am glad Roy will continue to build on the foundation you made.
You did a great thing here paul i appreciate it very much
Paul, your legacy will live on for a very long time. We welcome Roy as well.
Welcome Roy. Paul you have entertained and educated so many. Thank you and I wish for all the best for you in the time you have 😢
Paul you will truly be missed!
Thanks, Paul.
Hello Roy welcome to the family
God Speed Sir
Paul has built an incredible wealth of knowledge for people to continue to learn from for years to come. Doesn't make this news suck less, though.
We are at that age, make every single day count.
Thank you Paul, for everything you've done for us. You truly mean a whole lot. I hope you can pull through this.
Paul, I'd like to thank you for the many years of knowledge.  You've been a giant in this community, and we'll remember all the fun we had. Thanks, Paul
Thank you for everything you've done for this community. Sometimes it hurts to see the torch being passed on. But we are all very fortunate to see THIS torch in particular continue to burn. Ty.
This news upsets me greatly. Love your content, Paul. Love your deadpan delivery. But know this, your knowledge will live on in YouTube forever, and you will be educating for generations to come. I believe that we only regret the things we did not do. I regret never meeting you.  I shall remain subscribed and I welcome Roy. Will he be as good as you? You decide.
We will miss you Paul I love your content been watching for quite a few years
❤
I hope you get a very speedy recovery. thanks for all the great stories and anecdotes you have shared with us over the years.
Paul, you don’t me nor 99% of people commenting and watching your videos, but from the bottom of my heart I thank you for all the great content, amazing stories, your amazing personality, and just presenting us the enigmatic Paul Harrel himself for years for us all to enjoy. God bless you Paul and I wish you the smoothest of rides friend. ❤
Paul, I'd like to thank you for the years of content you've put out. The value of the information you've shared cannot be understated. I'd also like to thank you for the kind words you shared with me in the comments section of your Basic of Firearms Cleaning video. Your video and your kind words both helped me with the loss of my childhood dog. Your videos in that time period also helped me with a painful breakup.  Your value to the Youtube community and to the firearms community in general cannot be overstated. You're a good man. It especially pains me to see this since my father has cancer too. Just know that you've left a lasting impression on a great many people.  Thank you for everything. You and your loved ones will be in my prayers, Paul. See you out on the range.
Thank you for everything Paul, I had the pleasure of meeting you at a gun show in WA a year or two back, just an overall wealth of knowledge, experience and a great overall human being. Godspeed Sir!
Hey, Paul. I was very sad to hear for your condition few months ago, and I long ago hit the conclusion you're tenacious person,a fighter, also I think you have very strong opinion of yours and it's pretty hard to be changed. I'll just tell you about a friend and colleague of mine, a former special forces officer, who was fighting pancreatic cancer for a few years, and the doctors were thinking he's absolutely sure about to pass away. We are from Bulgaria, we have descent health care here, probably not like yours, but really descent. So, my friend refused to accept the judgement and tried some russian stimulator for the immune system, called GA-40. After few months of therapy (injections) he was completely clear on the PET scanner. Here I have to mention that none of us has any option of profit from this medicine, matter of fact they carried it to him from Georgia illegally, because it's not approved by the European health committee or so. It's not expensive either. I could not tell you what to do, of course, but I'm living witness for what happened to my friend, I was close to him all the time, and I share my impression here, where it could be in use. I'm not sure I could share the photo of the medicine here, but once again - it's called GA-40, and it helped my friend. Stay strong, you're a fighter and you can win this fight. Respect and greetings from Bulgaria.
Praying for you Paul.
Paul please look at Professor Thomas Seyfrieds work on ketogenic metabolic therapy for cancer. Terminally diagnosed people are living years and thriving with it. The main thing would be to adopt a carnivore diet. It's not so bad, just eat nothing but fatty steak! Please just look into it, we love you and the crazy world needs you to keep talking sense into it. Thank you for everything.
Thank you for all the videos and wisdom. I expect I fall outside of your usual demographic of viewers, but I have always found your videos fascinating to watch and I learned a lot from them. Your wealth of knowledge has always been evident, but it's always been nice to see the glimpses of the person behind that. You're funnier than you give yourself credit for. The youtube landscaoe for this kinda stuff won't be the same. You've inspired me to look into getting my PAL here in Canada
In our prayers Paul.  Nice to meet ya Roy, we're a rowdy bunch but I think we'll all do quite well together
See Paul has a fairly decent bend to that crutch, he might want to replace it before it folds on him.
Makes me sad to hear about your condition, i really appriciate your educational and entertainning videos! I wish you a happy time with your familly and with what you love to do. You will be missed and even if i only have a very few followers, i will in the memory of you make a video to tribute your contribute to the gun society. I wish you a safe journy to the life after this and i see you in the never ever land.
Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and humor with us Paul
i love you paul
Thank you for all of the outstanding content and Shatner-esque…pauses. Wishing you the very best.
Godspeed, Paul. You will be missed.
I know you said you don't really want any sympathy or condolences etc. so instead I shall simply say; for all the effort youve put in over the years, thank you.
hes ur brother so ill take it
Wishing you all the very best from New Jersey,
Thank you!
We welcome Roy. Thanks for all the content and information you've provided Paul.
No other youtube gun channel never was and never will be as much infomation, anecdotes and really sarcastic humour! I hope you well no matter what they say the odds are. Take care Paul!
Hey Paul,  Thank you for the hundreds of hours of knowledge and humor you have provided us over the years.   Your honest and integrity shine through your presentation style.  You will be missed by this community.   I hope that what ever happens in your journey through this universe that you take with you the understanding that you have had a dramatically positive impact on a large number of people.  That is a very special thing that too few people can claim.   You have done well, thank you.  Roy,   Welcome to the community.   You have big shoes to fill, don't try to do it all at once.  Good luck, we are pulling for you.
Thank you Paul for your opinions and stories. Thank you for the advice you've given, and for your service. Thank you for the example you've set for me.
Wasn't Paul supposed to ride off into the sunset?
I’m a grown man. Here I am crying. God bless this family.
We love you Paul, The community will never be the same once you leave us.
Saying prayers for you Paul. Face this with strength. I have real love for you man
I love you Paul.
Paul I’m shocked and saddened by this news you’re a friend
Paul we'd all just love you to enjoy your time, you've already done so much for us.
Paul this channel and content are excellent. Thank you for sharing your experiences and wisdom.
I hope you’ve explored alternative treatments such as fenbendazole or ivermectin for your cancer. Dont trust a treatment with an exceedingly low success rate. Dont let insurance companies decide your treatment through a proxy aka your doctors. The information is out there.
He does look like a Roy
Hey Paul, I hope all is well with you. Ill be praying for you, and looking forward to your next videos. Godspeed.
Can't help but to feel a measure of disappointment.
Paul Harrell ,Thank you for everything.  I am better having "known" you.  God Bless......
God bless you, Paul. Praying for you and hoping you prevail. What ever happens, thank you for sharing your knowledge, your wit and your time with us.
Thank you, Paul. I appreciate all the work you have put in to keep us knowledgeable and curious about what we really use and train with.
Missing you and your holiday specials already.
Ive had a feeling this day was coming soon, Mr. Harrell you have conveyed a wealth of knowledge to me and many others along the way. My prayers will certainly be with you as you tend to your personal priorities now. I absolutely wish you all the best and truly hope to see you pop up from time to time and share some stories and updates as so many people truly care for you.
Hello Roy. I'm going to keep watching
Damn we are going to miss you so much Paul, prayers are coming your way !! Welcome Roy
Your the best Paul
Paul, I love you, man.
Paul, stay in the fight my brother.
Amazing brothers. I wish i had a cool brother too, thanks for all the amazing videos and laughs since i started watching.
Can't believe this is for real. I wish you the very best Paul. I WON'T believe it. And thank you Roy.
Your videos have been such a profoundly good thing, Paul. I'm going to miss you. Good luck, Roy.
Thanks for all of the great information you have shared with us Paul.
Mr. Harrell,  Thank you for everything.
Bless you
Paul, we will miss you on youtube but hope that your health recovers and you are able to enjoy life behind the camera. I wish you health and happiness in the future, it is well deserved, and thank you for sharing all your knowledge and wisdom with us over the years!
Paul Harrell is irreplaceable !! ✌
😢.. Welcome Roy.
Great men are made not from words alone but from actions, accomplishments achieved and shared wisdom. Paul, I have not commented on but a few of your videos but I have watched each and every one of them with great interest. My father once told me that learning was not accomplished from reading books alone but putting to the test what you have read to get a full understanding of what is being taught. I can honestly say I have learned more from your videos than from any literature I have ever read. Thanks for 10 plus years sharing your knowledge and wisdom. Roy you got some big shoes to fill and I'm sure you will do your best to fill them.
Just keep fighting the good fight.
Howdy Roy, thanks for serving your community. Look forward to your insight.
God bless, Paul, I wish you luck in your treatment.
😞
God bless you Paul.
Welcome to Roy. To Paul, sir there are no words to express my gratitude for all you have shared with us and in the manner you have shared it. Thank you for everything you and the crew of created thus far, and thank you for what you will create in the time you have left to share with us.
Love ya Paul! Ron seems like a good dude, and I'm glad the channel will go on.
Best of luck, Paul. I've lost count of how many times I've referred non-shooters to things like the "fake expert" video. We're all pulling for you.  Welcome, Roy. Thank you for stepping in.
Thanks for all of the fun videos Paul. Whatever it means to you, i hope that you're going to make it through this and keep us gun bums entertained for a few more years. I know what the likelihood is of things going one way or the other but dont you go down without a fight. Im sure ya dont need reminding of that but sometimes it helps to hear someone tell you to keep pushing.  Always been a pleasure to watch your snarky remarks at boneheaded comments and that dance ya did in the one video was hilarious...  thanks again.  One of the good guys for sure.
I will keep you in my prayer sir, Godspeed and goodbye!
Stunned. I don’t care who sees this but I’m in fckng tears right now. I don’t really know what to say other than :what a badass. And if it comes for me, I only hope I have 1/1millionth the balls this man has to nonchalantly basically admit his shot clock has run short and this is it. Nothing even mentioned but he doesn’t have to. Here’s to an amazingly gifted teacher and resource !! Words don’t even work when trying to even feature what him and his family must be going through. a loss to America is what this is. Forget this channel, or giving more of yourself to YouTube fans….but don’t ever forget that we love you. I salute you and I have myself, wife, and daughters praying for you.  Sincerely, Tyler D. Leavitt
Godspeed, Mr. Harrell.
I look forward to Roy's Shatner-esque..........pauses in the future.
Thank you, Paul
If I was the type to tell you nice things because of your condition I would say "Roy will do a great job carrying on the channel" but I think we all know there is no replacing you. Good luck.
Our prayers go out for you Paul.  Thanks for all you have done and continue to do. God bless you.
He seems like a cool bloke!
God bless. My prayers are with you. Thank you for all of the knowledge, humor, experience, and content. Godspeed.
Paul, GODSPEED SIR, the knowledge you have given us all has helped better ourselves. Roy, good luck sir.
Love you buddy.
Takes a man of great character to carry himself the way you have Paul. Thank you and God be with you
Godspeed Paul
Hey Paul. Appreciate everything. Good luck and Godspeed.  Nice to meet you, Roy. Looking forward to the future.
Paul, we love you sir, we absolutely do. We are all behind you in this. All…of….us. Keep us posted sir.
No more Shatner-esque............ pauses?😢
Paul, thank you for the years of great content you've given us!  You'll be missed!  Roy, welcome aboard.
Thank you for all that you’ve done Paul. You are a great man, and I believe you have inspired others to be better men as well. This is all we can hope for. Wishing you and your family well. Hi Roy.
Mr. Harrell  In all seriousness, I credit all that I have learned from your channel as far back as 2014. A lot of the demonstrations and material you created; furthered my knowledge on Firearms and Personal Defense. 10 Years of watching your videos, many times more than twice, frequently re-visiting them for reference or to introduce others to your real world knowledge. I have nothing but the utmost esteem for your sir. I commend you for your dedication, honesty, and wisdom. I'm sure Roy will make an awesome Second YouTube Uncle. I'll See You On The Way.
Paul, I'm so sorry about your circumstance and I hope that your remaining time is rewarding, enjoyable, and representative of a live well lived.  Thank you for spreading knowledge and love for the Second Amendment throughout the years. Your unique brand of kindness and humor will be missed by all of your fans; many of whom I'm sure have pursued similar hobbies or careers because of your videos.  Everyone I know who grew up watching you is sad and wishes they could do something, but this just part of life, unfortunately.  Thanks again for all of the educational videos and may your final days be full of bucket list fulfillments, excellent meals, and the company of those who matter most to you.
Mr. Harrell, I just want to thank you for what you've done.  If our creator permits it I hope to meet you on the other side.
Paul, I'm very sorry to hear this. You've taught me a lot, dispelled many myths, corrected many falsehoods, and given me many hours of pleasure. For this I thank you. God Bless, Paul.  Roy, welcome aboard, sir. You’ll do just fine. Paul wasn’t exactly Clark Gable (yes, I am that old) when he first started out either.
Thanks for sharing your wisdom with us Paul.
mate, that is terrible news. Welcome, Roy.
Wish you the best Paul. You are in my prayers.
Paul. I am going to miss you so much. Prayers are with you my friend!
We love you, Paul!  Thank you for everything!
Hello Roy, God bless you Paul. I have really appreciated your channel over the years.
There will never be be a solution to the problem of losing great people, while we get older and keep walking our own path. I will keep on hating those losses til the end. Never give up, do not go gentle into that good night. And thank you for being around and sharing.
Sorry man. FWIW I hate this. *Salutes*
Godbless you both, Paul no matter what happens we all are thankful for all that you have taught.
I just found your channel and binged watched almost all of you videos damn that brings a tears to my eyes. We love you Paul
Paul,  Thanks for being a voice of reason in a sea of hysterics. God bless you.
God speed, Paul.
Thank you for the years of no bs videos paul and thank you for passing the torch to your brother
Thanks for all the videos, Paul.
You'll be missed Paul
We love you Paul.
Roy seems like a good guy, and it's true as Paul wouldn't have chosen anyone else. Good luck and nice to meet you Roy!
Thank you, Paul.
✝
We love you Paul. Howdy Roy, Active LEO here. Glad you made it out of the job alive. I’m hoping the same lol
Thank You Paul!
Never commented before but: Thank you and greetings from Germany, Paul. I don't even own guns but I sure learned a lot from you.
Ime down in Australia and paul is one of my go to guys for common sense informed advice an information.  He don't want my sympathy so he ain't gettin it but MAN... paul get well brother
Appreciate you Paul,  not just for introducing Roy. But for the many years of shared knowledge,  wise cracks, stories and being honest. Plus all the thought he prep you and the crew put into each presentation.
I'm eagerly awaiting the video where paul comes to tell everybody this was a well-planned joke
Firstly, welcome Roy.  It SUCKS that it's under these circumstances. Secondly, spend the time.  The regret has no expiration date.  I know all too well what this means. Keep going at WHATEVER as long as possible.
I'm not crying, the cold wind is just hard on the eyes.
Thanks, Paul.
Paul, may we have the grace and dignity that you have shown. The world will be a little less without you, but know that you made a difference. I look forward to seeing your brother carrying on for you. May God hold you in his loving embrace.
Looking forward to your anecdotes, Roy!
Paul is off to fight Chuck Norris
Welcome Roy, I wish the best of luck for you, and best wishes for you Paul.
Keep fighting the good fight Paul.  Broken hip fighting vampires…
Paul, Thank you for your contribution to the gun community. You have created by far my favorite gun channel, and opened my eyes to great information.  Again, thank you. 🤝 Welcome, Roy.
Thanks Paul for all of the great content you’ve given us over the years. As you prepare to possibly leave us you’ve shown us again the type of man you are by bringing in Roy & we appreciate your giving us another chapter. God bless you on the rest of your journey. Edit to add: welcome Roy & thanks for stepping in.
Thanks for 11 years of unmatched content.
Paul, you have been a driving force in my improvement as a marksman and hunter.  Your video content has been unsurpassed. You will be missed. Welcome Roy.  AND thank you Paul for all you being you.  Much Love.
👍🏼champ
Welcome Roy, Paul I hope you can get better, but I do know from experience with friends in a similar situation that what you are experiencing is very difficult. Thank you for the years of excellent YouTube content and the "invention" of the meat target.  Fingers crossed and hands folded in prayer that you can get better Paul.
People really thinking Paul is signing out anytime soon The reaper doesnt want any smoke
Welcome Roy
You should audio transcribe a book. Just talk, put your stories onto paper and they wont be lost like tears in rain.
Paul, you've accomplished a lot, and then also made a successful YouTube channel with your wit and brand of dry humor.  I certainly hope you pull through, though if you know it's that bad, I think we'd all prefer you spend your time with your family and close friends rather than trying to entertain us.
Stay strong pard.  Life has a lot of twists and turns, this one was not welcome but you are handling it well.
Godspeed gentlemen.
Paul, your channel has been a font of wonderfully presented information and research!  I'm sorry that this has been the course of events for you and your family, but I'm grateful to you for being honest with us along the pathm. Godspeed, sir.  O7
I lost my mother 2 years ago this March from pancreatic cancer 16 days after she was diagnosed. Just over a year ago one of my dearest friends was diagnosed with the same. I know my time with him is getting shorter by the second. And I got divorced a month ago. Paul's announcement in this video is an absolute gut punch. Love you Paul. I have learned a lot from your video's. Roy, I am looking forward to watching you now too
First video I saw, wasn't used to being soft-spoken.  Turned out to be a very special linguistic part of Paul's work.
There aren't many folks who can turn over the watch like this.  Paul, you can't be truly replaced but I'll be looking forward to Roy's take on the firearms world as his background is similar to mine.  Godspeed, Paul.  We'll be happy to hear as much as you can tell us before you leave us behind.
Thank you for teaching us so much over the years Paul
I appreciate everything you’ve done to teach the public Paul!
While nobody could ever replace Paul, I trust he would leave us in capable hands.
But whats the caveat?
Paul, thank you for all the knowledge you have shared over the years.
hi Roy,  pro-tip, this place is full of know it all A-holes, be long winded ignore them and be an absolute savage to the trolls. also, it gets easier to talk in front of the camera.
A deer kicked your ass huh Paul I'm sorry to hear that buddy get well soon😅
Hi Roy 👋🏽
Mr Harrell I am so so lucky as many others to have watched your videos and learn from your wisdom. Your legacy is steadfast
Loved watching all your videos from here in the UK. Will miss them, but look forward to Roy's. It's been a pleasure Paul
😩
Wazzup Roy!
I hope Roy doesn't feel the pressure - he seems a heck of a chap, too. All the best.
Roy, will you please wear the hunting jackets…for us? 😭😭😭
We are sure going to miss Paul. Such a great resource for real world applicability in a world of Internet gun nerds who only chase the specs on paper. Definitely excited to see how Walter White fills in.
Welcome Roy! Paul is a hard act to follow, but give it your best and we will stay with you. God bless you Paul. Hang in there we are all praying for you.
alr excited
Thanks Paul, welcome Roy
What is going on?
Love you Paul. Look forward to loving you too, Roy.   We’ll be praying and I’m grateful for the life lessons and rationality in the midst of great information on firearms and ammo.
I’m uncontrollably weeping
Welcome Roy, you got some big shoes to fill, now just do it ! Paul, please straighten things out behind the scene here in America with God's help. Thank you for all you have done.
I'm not so much sad for Paul as I am impressed by his massive, positive impact on us over the years. Great legacies live forever.
Paul is gone..... so am I. I have cancer too Paul.  My wife is gone too. I sold everything trying to save her. Now I live outside. All I have is this phone. Next life brother! When you see me,  please speak to me. I'll wanna talk😔
Welcome aboard Roy! We’ll be praying for you, Paul.
Thank you for all your Valuable Knowledge !!  Thank You !!
Sorry to hear.  Hoping for the best for you all.
🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Welcome, Roy 🔫!!!
First my father leaves now Paul is leaving as well 😢. You'll be greatly missed Paul, I wish you consider just a talking no gun content type of videos.
Nah......
Gods gotta call us all home at some point. Hopefully it just doesn't hurt too much when it happens. Thanks for all the content man. Its literally a treasure trove of information. God Bless ya Paul. Read through that good book, aint nothing to worry about man.
Legend
We all love you Paul, wish you the best. Lord be with you.
Godspeed. The wisdom and stories you've told will continue to be shared throughout the generations.
Godbless you Paul and your family in these trying times and may the lord shine on you through them. You’re composure and fortitude in the face of this situation is most admirable but it’s expected from a man of your caliber. Your content will teach those who want to know proper training done by a professional with no bs, just genuine anecdotes and wisdom from a great man. May we see you soon in better health, and we hope you know how much you mean to the millions of people who watch you.Godbless and Godspeed Paul :)<3
God speed to you Mr. Harrell.
Wishing you the best, and welcoming Roy.
Thanks Paul. Welcome Roy.
I'm here for Pauls persona. Sorry Roy, your just not Paul. Welcome anyways. Best wishes Paul.
That bad, huh? Sorry to hear.  Video update?
Only Paul could do an update and intro like this.  Paul, you are in our prayers.  And Roy welcome.
See you around Paul. Thanks for everything. You have made the best content on YouTube for years, it won’t be the same without you. Still hoping we’ll get to see you for a long time to come.
Welcome Roy. I'm glad Paul's work will be ongoing.  Paul, thank you for all the years. Godspeed.
Paul - you are a treasure to hunting, shooting, and firearms enthusiasts.  Like you, i am living on bonus time.  God does perform miracles everyday.  Keep the faith, brother.
Mr. Harrell - you are a great person, a skilled instructor, an entertaining presenter, and an overall fine human being.  Best I've ever seen in what you do.  Thanks for all the joy given me in watching over the years.  My hat is off to you Sir.
Will Roy get a pop-tarts sponsorship? Either way I love and respect the shit out of you Paul. Thank you for everything.
Going out like a champ
Paul I very much enjoyed your channel, and it has been a learning experience for me to watch. Wish you the best. looking forward to watching Roy. God's speed.
Thank you Paul, for your time with us
In efforts to remember the good times we have had here, I will share the funniest thing to me that I've seen here on Paul's channel. In his most recent intro montage there is a clip of Paul in an old tacky sport coat taking aim with a small snubnosed revolver. The clip comes from one of his testing videos for the best standard pressure .38 special load for self defense where he finds that the old 158 grain lead round nosed bullet performed best. "So if we're going to shoot our grandpa's ammo, we might as well shoot it like he would." And with that Paul wheeles to face the target with a wide, sort of crouched stance with the gun thrust out in front of him. When I saw this from Paul, I burst out laughing. It reminded me of the first time I went to the range with my father after buying my first handgun, a Ruger GP100. After taking a few shots myself, I let my dad have a turn. As he lifted the gun to the target, he took a very similar stance that, at the time, confused me. I didn't know if he saw it on TV or if airforce security training taught him that, but I was stunned. Seeing it again here was hilarious, and I could not help but laugh. It brought a smile to my face every time I saw it in the intros.  Sir, from all of your testing and 'boring lectures' we have learned so much. You have been a shining light across the community and will be missed greatly. We love you Paul. Semper Fi!  Roy, welcome to the channel. We look forward to hearing and learning from you.
Very Paul Harrell, on the chin without a grumble.
Was it not George Washington that when asked of him after his presidency, what made him such a great president?. His response being "because i stopped being president"
Thank you, Paul. Hello, Roy.
Its been real man. Godspeed
I am obliged to you Paul. Your life lessons have made me a better person. Thankyou.
I'm sure he knows this, but Paul's work and videos being publucly archived on YouTube and elsewhere means that we, along with future generations, will have access to his knowledge in perpetuity. He really has made a lot contributions regarding firearm education and personal defense, and the fact that his work has and continues to have such an impact is something that Paul should be proud of. Even if he retires from making videos, people will continue to benefit from everything he's already done.
You will be missed. Greatly. Not only in the US.
Welcome, Roy! Looking forward to following you!  I've subscribed to many gun channels that I later left. Some wasted my time with useless content. Some consistently failed to make a point succinctly. Ironically, although your videos run pretty long, @PaulHarrell,  I've always found even your rambling segments informative, entertaining, and thoughtful. Your channel has survived my personal Meat Test, Sir, so thanks. I don't believe the universe wastes things, especially things of value, so I wish you interesting and rewarding work in your next destination, and look forward to following you again when I, too, arrive there. #NotCondolence
Eternity is a long time. Place your faith and trust in Jesus for your eternal security.
Paul, thanks for everything.  God bless you.  From Brazil.
This breaks my heart.Paul Harrell is probably the only non-bias straight as an arrow honest gun channel on Youtube. All the other gun channels always say "We're not paid to say this" or "I'm not bias" but in the end they always are in some small or large way. Paul is the genuine article, the last of the straight to the facts no BS, told in the most professional way a firearm expert can.
I was in damn middle school when I first saw your "top five handguns" video. You didn't have some snark or angle, and with your dry nearly dad humor, you educated me and countless others.  Seeing this happen after keeping up with you for years breaks me to point I'm honestly choking up at this. I get you don't want condolences, but let me be selfish. If younger me found out that this was how it was going to end. I'd wouldn't believe it.  Anyway, I digress. Welcome aboard, Roy. We're glad to have you here.
Paul I've never commented on one of your videos before but seeing as time might be running thin, you're going to have a lot of these to read through I'll keep it brief. As an unarmed European, your videos have taught me everything I know about ballistics and firearm safety. I truly believe that your videos on active shooter situations have and will save many lives both in your country and around the world. I love you like an old family friend and this channel stands as a testament to an incredible life well lived. Safe travels, old friend, I'll see you on the other side.
Gonna miss you, Paul.
Paul, thank you for your passion and willingness/ eagerness to share your knowledge and experience with us. You represent some of the best of the guntube community. For that, thank you.
Can someone provide some context? I am out of the loop.
GOD SPEED PAUL HARRELL
i am at a loss. Ive been watching Paul for i feal like, has been forever.  One of the only gun channels i really enjoy and of course Paul is the center of that enjoyment.  Thanks for all the great vids and memories Paul,  C          Minnesota
You are the GOAT of all of this.  You bring the knowledge, skill, and understanding that we all can learn from.  Thanks &  God Speed ! ! !
Can someone catch me up?
I've always enjoyed watching your excellent content, Paul, and I look forward to seeing what Roy has in store for us. Thank you for all you've done for the gun community and us as people by spreading what wisdom you have (through your wonderful anecdotes).  Rest easy, brother. o7
Paul you have taught me so much and answered so many theories changing my view on velocity and just how surprising it can be you debunked so many myths that you inspired me to do the same and I never would’ve felt qualified even with all my firearm training without your confidence transparency and discipline you took this channel seriously because we took it seriously. We’re going to have 1 million videos of old boys mag, dumping and laughing but there will never be another Paul Harrell I will miss you bud and thank you for the confidence
cop
With the utmost sincerity, thank you. For everything youve shared with us. Its been a helluva time.
I know Paul has said before that he doesn't want any commentary about his condition, but him giving this update is truly upsetting. Having lost both grandfathers to cancer (one took months, one only took days), I know how ugly the situations can get.   I'm sure Roy will do a fine job in continuing on with the content, but I know even he would say that Paul is genuinely a one of a kind. Thank you for all the years of information, stories and knowledge with none of the BS that plagues so many other channels.
You’re the man Paul
Thanks Paul. I’m gonna miss you.
Wishing you all the best Paul. Thanks for everything over the many years. Welcome Roy, we look forward to getting to know you too.
We love you paul❤
Guess I'm never going to get that Pop Tarts calender I wanted. You're a Legend Paul!
Never owned a gun and never will. But I watched these videos because they spoke of values that are sorely missing nowadays. Even this short video shows the sheer class of this man.
I will miss you and will be praying for you. Read John 11:25
Godspeed!
Welcome Roy! :) I think that's a great idea!
Godspeed, Mr. Harrell.
I know Paul broke his hip (don't ask) but why is his time for making videos running short?
Godspeed Paul.Youve left us with a library of valuable and informative videos, thank you. You will certainly be missed.
I will miss you dearly, Paul. I will look to your videos with glee, Roy.
Paul, thank you for the years of quality content.   When my oldest son was just a toddler he would run into the living room and dance every time your intro music played.
Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us Paul, Godspeed!
I went through 35 radiations, 7 kemo sessions in 7 weeks. Lost 78 pounds hang in there.
God bless you Paul. You have meant so much to my family. May your family be comforted somehow in the knowledge that your presence in the lives of millions of people instilled knowledge, self confidence, safety and fun. Godspeed Mr. Harrell.
"Marines die, that's what we're here for. But the Marine Corps lives forever, and that means YOU live forever" - Gunny Hartman
Thank you, Paul.  Welcome, Roy.
May God be with you Paul and your family.  Thank you for so many years of great content and incite.
Paul, thanks for everything.
I've been watching for 7+ years now and I don't intend on stopping.  Thank you for everything you've done for us and taught us Paul.  Godspeed.
Paul, I've consistently watched your channel for the last 6 years or so. I'm not sure if you'll see this or not but if so, just know how much all of us appreciated you through the years. I'll keep you and your family in my prays. Regardless, of the outcome just remember how much you meant to all of us on here. You're truly a respectable man. Roy, if you happen to see this, just know I'll continue watching you just the same.
There are a lot of wannabes out there claiming how ALPHA they are. When I think of ALPHA  I think of Paul Fucking Harrel and anyone Paul says is good... is good ìn my book too. Welcome broth@ Roy. Paul you will always be ìn our hearts brother. Your a real one.
I’m glad I got to see so many greats like Paul begin a fire in the hearts of so many.
Paul, we'll be here until the end.  And we'll do the same for Mr. Roy.  Welcome sir 💜
To the cameraman getting emotional at about 0:28, we hear you brother.
Its been a pleasure to watch your videos over the last several years I've been a subscriber. Godspeed Paul, you will be missed!
Looking forward to hearing Roy give from the beginning of time explanations id say good luck to Paul, but he doesn't know me from adam and he has all the luck he needs.
God bless you, Paul.  You've been a staple for so many of us and your knowledge and analysis has been invaluable.  From the bottom of our collective hearts, Thank you.
Paul, you have shared with me countless hours of enjoyment. Thank you.
God speed! Brother Paul! The amount of knowledge you have shared and gave to us is incredible! Your gift you have bestowed upon me will forever be appreciated and I hopefully will share it with everyone I can in respect to you sir! You will live on in each and every person you influence and inspired in your time on this earth! THANK YOU!
Paul, for the past 5 years Ive held you as the gold standard for fire arms youtube content creators.  Thank you for all the knowledge you have shared and wish you luck in your fight to come.  We're with ya.
Good to meet you Roy, I will miss you Paul.  Prayers for y'all.
Godspeed, Paul Harrell.
Is Roy human ...animal ...or mineral 😂😂😂😂
Die Bratwurst ist immer mit euch, dank für alles!!!
That's the most no nonsense thing I've ever seen. Respect.   Pop Tarts out for Paul!
Everyone has to check out sometime.  Few people get to make a real impact on the world.  You, Paul, have made such an impact.
❤❤❤
Thank you Paul, Welcome Roy.
*QUESTION:* Will there still be Shatner-esque pauses?
Did not expect the Paul Harrell sequel to drop in 2024. Hope your doing as well as conditions will allow Paul!
Thank you for everything that I learned from you Paul. I wish your remaining time is as good as it can be. God Bless you.
Paul may God be with you and may you be with God.We welcome your family.thanks for the memories
o7
Nothing will replace Paul!   But I’m sure Roy can give us some great information the way Paul has for so many years
Wow, this is a kick in the balls. Does anyone know if Paul is stepping down to continue treatment or are we saying a final goodbye to a top shelf man? If you read this Paul, I thank you for the years of knowledge and entertainment, I will pray for you, Godspeed.
You're gonna beat this thing Paul.  We'll be seeing you soon
Thank you Paul, hope you’ll be okay.
I have a hundred words I want to say, but let's keep it short, Thank you for everything Paul, Welcome Roy, looking forward to taking part of your knowledge and knowhow!
Thank you Paul, hope you’ll be okay.
Pop Tarts!!
It will be damn near impossible fill this mans shoes but if someone has to then let it his brother Roy. The flame never goes out we just pass it on to another and move on.
As this 64 year old wipes a tear from his eye, I've sure enjoyed the past many years since I found this channel, and will dearly miss this.
I hope you're doing ok, Paul!
Today is a sad day for me
You will definitely be mixed paul
Many blessings.
Can't wait to meet you at our final destination sir!!! I'll see you soon🙏🙏🙏
Thanks Paul and thanks Roy and the crew.
Paul. You're an absolute champion. Fight on and go out swinging. Thanks for everything.
Gonna miss you, Paul. 🙏🏻
Yeah ok, but where does he stand on the Pop Tarts?
Thanks for everything Paul.
Thank you for the videos over the years. Look forward to keep watching.   Wish you the best.
Mr. Harrell, thank you so much for all the quality content you have provided (so far). We'll see ya when we see ya.
God speed Paul, the world will be a lesser place without you and we appreciate your existence.  Welcome Roy we applaud your continuation of the channel.
God Bless Paul. Thank you so much for all the great videos!
Godspeed
semper fi brother. You are in my prayers.
paul your videos are gems on this website, thank you and your crew for all you have done
Lord have mercy
Love ya man!  💪
Hello, Roy!
You're 100% right about Beretta 92FS!!  LTT DIY trigger job and G conversion, best handgun in the world.
Paul, wish we could have met and been friends in real life. You are a solid dude. God bless brother.
Paul, you are the Rush Limbaugh of the gun world. A unique, one of a kind gifted individual that can never be replaced. God bless you.
I know life’s not fair but…. It’s not fair to be losing Paul after just recently losing James. I’m pretty sure those two guys didn’t like each other but I love both of them.
Paul, thanks for the update and GodSpeed to you.  Roy, thanks for jumping into the fray.  We welcome you and do your best, but please be Roy.  You have much to offer and we look forward to you filling in while Paul deals w his health issues.
Thank you, Paul; very best wishes.   Great to meet you, Roy; I look forward to the content.
Big shoes to fill.  You will be missed, Paul.
Welcome, Roy. Thank you, Paul. 😢❤
Love you Paul
Paul, I have been watching your educational content since before YT. You will be remembered, and you will be missed my friend. We have had the honor of your presence for a long time now. Rest easy in the knowledge that you have made a positive difference in the world.      Roy, you are the only person that I truly believe could step in and take over for your Brother. I thank you sir, and I look forward to your continuance of the channel. Peace be with you and yours during this time.
Hello Roy, I'm Mike. Nice to meet you. I will be here as long as I can. Usually in the background, un noticed. Paul, Thank you for your service and for sharing the knowledge. You will always be someone I look up to.
Paul, thanks to you for all your labors in this area.  You've been greatly appreciated.  I'll look forward to your Brother's information too.
Paul your work has always been educational and uplifting. God bless you are in our prayers
Paul, as a man who's sick myself with severe asthma.  I understand the chronic pain. Know that no matter what. You helped alot of folks. Including myself not only get better educated with firearms. But be able to help teach others as well   Your a great man. And I hope you'll be ok.  God bless you.
Wish you peace.
I'm saying a prayer for Paul and I want this go to on for everyone!
No, we won the prize man, thank you for all your years. Your information was invaluable to me becoming a new firearm owner. This definitely was not a scam. God speed sir.
Im praying for you recovery Paul!
To Paul and everyone. Please remember the best prep is to prepare for eternity. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved! Praying for you, Paul!
God bless, Paul.
Prayers for strength and comfort for you and yours, and healing if it's His will, and guidance for your medical team.  Take care and only post if you are able without compromising your health.  Your regular uploads will be greatly missed but your well-being comes first.  God bless you, Paul.
Welcome Roy.  Godspeed Paul.
😢I would give you my pancreas if I could Paul. Love you like a brother.
We are gonna miss you Paul. It has been my highest pleasure to watch you over these years and I hope that the time you have left is surrounded by family and friends and the warmth of a life well lived. Know that all of us here wish you the best.
It would have been good to hear why you don’t have much more time Paul.  I hope you are going to be ok and wish you the best. Thanks for years of informative and entertaining content!
This truly saddens me :(
Sure gonna miss you Paul. God speed Sir.
I am from Germany and while I have an interest in guns, I have never shot or owned one. Still I followed your channel for years. This fact speaks volumes about the content you produce. Much of your wisdom and advice can be applied to any kind of life situation. I have learnt a lot and the pure existance of you and your personality give me strenght. Thanks!
Thanks for everything, Paul.
💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
Welcome aboard Roy, Thank you Paul for everything
Views, subscribers, likes, the numbers be DAMNED; You were, and will always be, the greatest guntuber we've ever had Paul.
Damn dude, I wish you the best moving forward. You should share more tales with us before anything happens. I think your channel will move on as long as the content stays similar.  Best of luck,
😢
thank you Paul welcome Roy
FUUUUUUUUUUCK. . . . . . . . . . I was hoping for good news.
Nice to meet you, Roy.   Hey Paul. Dylan Thomas.
Thanks for the update.   Best wishes.
Nice to meet you Roy. Paul is going to be a tough act for anyone to follow 👍
This is just like when Steve left Blue's Clues.
Thanks Paul for all the great videos and hilarious entertainment over the years ! God Bless You !
Censorship test scheissJudenKohanim
Love ya Paul.  Thanks Roy for helping out.
What happened to paul?
Praying for you and your family Paul.  Thanks so much for everything you've shared with us over the years!
Great channel, all the best Paul and good to meet you Roy.
Thank you Paul!  Meat targets will live on!  As always, you’re what we call an expert, travel easy friend!
Here for it
Welcome Roy.  Paul I wish good thing for you.  Thanks for all you have done.
I'm not going to be sad for you Paul. Instead, I choose to celebrate that we ever had a man like you to look up to in the first place. Godspeed my brother, you will be in my prayers...
Paul asked for no condolences. Thanks for teaching me about firearms and being a good instructor Paul. Continue to teach us Roy/the crew
35, father of two. All I can say is I love you Paul. You means the world to me. You helped me through the hardest times in my life. I will always be grateful for your wisdom. You are a friend and teacher I always wanted to have. You are forever in my heart. Thank you so much and Godspeed! You are the one! I’ll miss you for the rest of my life.
I hope you spend your remaining days reading all the positive YouTube comments.  You are loved by many.
I respect the professional passing of the torch.
Paul, I don't know if you'll be able to sift through every comment left on this video, but I figured I'd better leave one. You're one of the best things to have ever happened to YouTube's gun community, and the 2A community at large. Your presentations are always incredibly informative, well thought out, and unpretentious. In a sea of over-edited productions and fake experts, you continue to shine through as genuinely helpful, funny, and captivating all the while. I can't even begin to tell you how much I look forward to seeing your videos pop up in my subscription box, or how highly I think of your teachings and advice. Perhaps the greatest legacy that one can leave behind is having an impact upon countless others, such that they conjure up memories of you and your lessons well into the future. I was never fortunate enough to meet you in person, but it's safe to say that the name Paul Harrell will always mean something important to all of us. Something badass and Pop-Tart related, no doubt! Your departure will leave an unfillable hole in our hearts, but one that brings forth a teary-eyed, fond reminiscence nevertheless.  Roy seems like a good fellow and reminds me of folks I've worked with over the years, in a positive way. He's got a set of unfillable shoes to step into, but I'm happy that he's gonna give things his best shot.
Help Roy, welcome to the family. I have heard Pail called the Godfather of gun tubers.  Man oh man you will be missed.
If you are not a praying man or woman, now is a great time to start. Pray that God heals Paul of this cancer, and PLEASE do not stop praying after just one day. Keep praying. God wants persistence so also ask Him for the virtue of diligence.
We love you Paul! You are a great man !
Oh my gosh …..
I really hope the best for Paul Harrell and that he gets better with time .
Thank you for teaching us about firearms in a logical and entertaining manner. You always were the quiet and confident voice of reason on YouTube. God bless you and your family.
F
Thanks for all of your work, Paul. Godspeed, man.
That's Was a bit fast...
Paul, I know you don't want sympathy.  That said, we'd just love to know more about what's going on and if there's anything we can do for you.
I'm going to miss Paul when he decides to step down, but I'm looking forward to giving Roy a chance. Honestly, along with the content, what I really like is Paul's voice/cadence, but there's no replacing that, is there? :(
Paul himself did not ask for condolences.  In light of that, I send condolences to all of US. Godspeed Paul... praying you are the exception. 🙏
anytime a youtube channel even changes editors people go crazy. im really happy to see roy is getting welcomed so warmly in the comments. love you paul, cant wait to see you roy
Godspeed to both of you. Paul, you will be missed.
Roy, welcome to the channel!  Looking forward to your contributions to this channel.  I'm sure your experiences, anecdotes, and knowledge will be quite enjoyable.    Paul, thank you!  You and crew have managed to make a channel that's not only enjoyable to watch, but is also delightfully free of politics, judgement, and gatekeeping.  Your knowledge, personality, anecdotes, and patient calm delivery have made this channel a space welcoming to everyone from the enthusiast to folks like me.    I mean, I grew up in a family of hunters, but that was about it.  I don't remember anyone talking about home defense as a topic, and I'd hesitate to call any of my family "enthusiasts."  As an adult, I've become an urban dweller in a city frequently reported as being amongst the most dangerous in the United States.  And yet, I've deliberately shied away from firearm ownership.  Not having a piece compels me to be much more aware of my surroundings and conscientious about my decision-making, and I fear that I'd be more likely to get myself into situations I needed a weapon to get out of if I actively carried one.    And yet somehow, the almighty algorithm recommended me this channel several years ago; I'm very glad it did.  I've learned a lot by watching, and I mean that in the most positive way.  I've appreciated seeing someone so thoughtful, so measured, yet so engaging in approach to delivering content on these sorts of topics, from the "new and improved meat target" to the various holiday specials to the very personal anecdotes to the countless surgery beverages and snacks that finally and so ably contributed something useful to society by being shot.    Again, thank you Paul!  Welcome Roy!  I'm sure we're in good hands.
Thank you for everything you've given us Paul. You truly are one of a kind.
damn. been watching for years and had no idea. RIP, does anyone know of a real fund raiser for his family?
The last thing I ever wanted to say to Paul is goodbye, so I'll say God Bless instead. We love you
Roy, you got some big shoes to fill. Better work on your Shatner-esque pauses man. Keep your heads up and chests out, both of you.
Just do whatever is best for you Paul, not that you needed to hear that, but YouTube can go kick Rocks. Stay Strong Sir.
Still thinking about your audience.  Speedy recovery and God bless you Paul!
I’m in the same boat Paul 🙏
Welcome aboard
For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, so that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life.  Thank you so much for all the videos Paul.
Great introduction, but sad news from Paul. I really love this channel and frequently share it. Hang in there Paul!
Paul I'm going to miss you. My Dad and uncle both died of pancreatic cancer.
Thank you Roy & We look forward to getting to know you.
Howdy Roy. I wish Paul the best time possible, in the time he has remaining. Thanks for all the content over the years, it helped.
Thank you Paul.
Paul, if you read this, I just want to say thank you, and I sincerely mean that. Thank you!
Thank you Paul for inspiring me and many other people to become more proficient with all things firearms. Your personality and humor are second to none.
What a legacy to leave behind. Thanks for all you've shared. I wish you and your family the best wishes possible.
Thank you Paul, I've learned so much and you shown so much from you. Roy, we welcome you with open arms. Please continue to show us your knowledge and we can all hopefully learn a lot from you.
Thank you for all the top notch content you have provided the firearm community, Paul. Although the introduction was short I'm sure Roy will further this channel in the right direction. I send my best wishes in regards to your current ailment.
Welcome Roy!!
Always enjoyed your channel, nothing really poetic to say just thank you.
Hopefully Paul got an early diagnosis on pancreatic cancer. That would mean he has a chance and maybe be eligible for what it’s called a Whipple procedure. I hear they’re using immuno therapy for pancreatic now. That’s also a bonus. I know quite a bit about this because I’m one of the few who has survived pancreatic cancer. They say a positive attitude is important as is a serious will to live. I’m sure Paul’s got both of those qualities.  I wish Paul, his family and friends, the very best. It’s nice having a support system. I couldn’t have done it without my wonderful wife and daughter and my old retired bird dog. None of them left my side. If I can do it, Paul can do it 👍🏻 ❤😘
Semper Fi
Keep your head up Paul.
We love you Paul
You're a real one, Paul.
God bless you, Paul and Roy.
Gonna miss you man ❤
Paul... Thank you for everything you've shown and taught us over the years. We will carry your lessons and memories for the rest of our lives. Your light will outshine the star.
Hey Paul, I know you read the comments so heres this. How i found your channel was when i came across your [Police Pistols: 9 mm vs. .40 S&W] video. Followed that one up with the Miami dade video of yours which led me to actually watch a an old documentary type thing of the miami dade shooting.  Ive been a fan eversince. Yes i enjoyed and watched all your ammo reviews and even finding useful the time when you were not impressed with the Federal HST lol.  My favorite type of videos from you are when you just talk... I leave you playing in my headphones while i work. I work a job where im alone most the time and you have been there to accompany in my head more often than not.  you're a dutch oven of knowledge and just thought that you should know how you impacted my life.
F
A cop…. Yikes
Love ya Paul. Looking forward to learning from you Roy.
We love you, Paul. I wish you the best and only the best.
Paul, we are praying for you. I have loved watching and learning from you.
Oh, hello not-Paul. Came here for Paul... glad you could join though. Paul will be back I'm hoping. Maybe I would check out a Roy channel too though. :)
Good luck to you Paul! And welcome Roy! I'll be looking forward to your work!
Roy, good to see the channel is carrying on.  Paul, well, you know...
Hang in there
gonna miss you, Troop, see ya on the other side.
Really bad news, but who better to pass your legacy onto than your brother.  Thank You Deeply Paul.
Thank you Paul.
Paul, you ARE legend! Howdy Roy!
Sorry to hear of your compounding health problems Paul. Praying for Gods Will and Gods speed to you Paul.
Thanks Paul.  Hope you have a cameo or three tucked in a pocket.
I want to say thanks to Paul and the crew for all of the solid gold, no nonsense information they've put out over the years. The impact they've had on my deciding to get into firearms was instrumental. I really appreciate it, and I'm not the only one.
thanks for all your brilliant work. i look forward to seeing more of Roy
Sir, you are OK, simply do not believe this shit doctors say. See you next video, you can simply sit and decribe some interesting case untill you get stronger. I believe in you, Sir.
Paul, do whatever you have to do, we will always be here supporting you
#BestYouTuberEver #PaulHarrell
Paul, I still hope that you will manage to overcome the disease - I wish you that. You're the best!
I’m not crying! You’re crying!!
Paul, there's no other channel like yours
Paul, you are the best. You will be missed greatly. Welcome brother to the show. We look forward to your content.
No, not like this…
Gonna miss you Paul. You feel like a virtual friend.
Paul, you taught me how to correctly zero my M16A1 clone and so much other knowledge of small arms and ammunition. I thank you for everything you've done, including your service to the United States Marine Corps where I'm sure a lot of Marines learned a great deal from you. Semper Fidelis sir.
Hello Roy
Paul,   Thank you for all you've done for my personal entertainment,as well as knowledge on firearms, ammo etc. I think the best lessons you've taught tho are on how to be a good person which you have shown through stories. Dont go gently into the light.
It’s hard.
I have learned so much from you over the years Mr. Harrell. Thank you for everything you've done with this channel, it's been an invaluable resource to me as a young firearms enthusiast. Entertainment and education rarely flow so well together. Much love to you man, I'll always be greatful for what I learned from you, and I won't forget who I learned it from.
Paul.  I hope you are ok....
Good luck with your fight Paul, looking forward to getting to know you Roy
This will be a fucking awful loss. You've been such an amazing guy, Paul. You will be missed, you're a brave man, and one of the most respected firearms creators on here. I'm sure we can all agree in saying we wish you all the best and we'll miss you dearly.
Why does Roy look like Walter White? What is he hiding?
Gonna miss you boss!
Hey Paul, I'm so glad i found your content and was able to hear your anecdotes; as well as spend Thanksgiving in the shop enjoying your Thanksgiving videos.   I appreciate everything you've done for the community; and i hope to still see you in the future. I hope you are able to be happy with your friends and family going forward.  May you have fair winds and calm seas wherever you go.
As long as you can recite the meat homunculus ritual, youre golden.
We cant even take him seriously until hes crowned with the Paul coat... ive enjoyed your content through the years and wish you all the best paul
If I want to shed a tear, I will Paul
Thank you for everything, Mr. Harrell!  I’ve been following you for many years and much of what you’ve shared with me will be carried for life and shared with others.  Much love and respect to you!
Looking forward to new content and appreciate you both.
Thank you for all the info and great humor over the years, Paul.  Welcome, Roy.
Thank you for everything Paul, I’ve always enjoyed your thoroughness. Welcome Roy!
Cool,roy
fuck man this shit made me tear up. Paul whatever tf happens just know youve done such a good job in producing such a master piece of content and why you have such a big following. Know that you have made it to 0.0001% of people that ever live and know your fans and following will always have your back.
Oh no…  Wish Roy the best with continuing this.
Dignity right up to the end. Godspeed Marine, and thank you for the education over the years.
Paul, Thank-you for encouraging me to grow in trust and confidence  in myself and my firearms. I pray that you do not engage in stoicism to avoid feeling love. I appreciate you capacity to accept unfortunate truth. It is my appeal to you that you remember in what may be your final days that you are loved not only by man, but by your Creator in heaven. And that Creator set aside his dignity to endure life as a forsaken and mortal man named Jesus who freely gave himself then rose again that whosoever would come to Him in this temporary existence would live with Him forever in the next one. God bless you, Paul.
Godspeed, brother, hell of a run
Welcome Roy. Paul, we love your content, delivery style, and Shatner-esq pauses. I’ve bought a few firearms based on information you’ve shared when I was trying to make a decision, and I love all of them. Thank you sincerely for all you’ve given us; I propose a toast in your honor.
God speed Paul ❤️
Is Paul okay? Havent been a viewer on the channel in a couple years. Is he just retiring? Hope hes doing alright health wise, strongest dude Ive ever seen lol
Hell's bells.
Thank you for the years of wonderful videos Paul!
Enjoy as much time with your family as you can paul, thank you for all the awesome videos you've done over the years.🙏
Two YouTubers integrily important to their communities stepping down and saying goodbye because of cancer within days of each other.   I don't like the way this year is starting
Enough to make us all cry
Times sure are changing. Enjoy everything you can, Paul.
Thank you for everything Paul. I have been watching for a few years now, you have certainly made a major impact on helping me become the man I am, I will always greatly enjoyed the huge smile you put on my face when you allowed your comedic genius to shine through your stoic exterior. I truly mean this…I am confident I will never meet or see someone quite like you, your genius & persona are truly one of a kind. I understand you don't like the attention, praise or maybe just feel undeserving, but please understand you have earned every kind word of the fans and all of the respect in the world from every one of us. You will forever be my hero.
As I said back in July... All righty then... got it, noted, moving on! And may I add "Welcome to the front side of the camera Roy! I look forward to seeing your content. Living my best Las Vida Loca here in south eastern Arizona.
We are your prayer warriors for perfect healing, one of 3 ways:   Instantly  Gradually OR Our ultimate healing when the Lord gives us our perfect new being and brings us home to Paradise.  Believe and trust Jesus.
If fate hands me a similar situation in my life, then I hope I can take it like a man like like Paul is doing.
I've been watching your videos since the first ones, many years ago. Feels like a family member, the wise cool uncle. Lots of lessons learned, it has been an amazing and fun ride. Thank you, Paul. A big hug from Brazil.
thank you paul
Roy, your credentials sound OK, but I'll withhold judgement until we see how you cook a Pop-Tart in a dutch oven come Thanksgiving. Or how cool you look shooting a short revolver with one arm fully extended like it was 1972.
Thank you Paul, you have taught me a great deal. Godspeed.
Love you, Paul!  So proud of you!  💪  Thanks for stepping up, Roy.  A pleasure to meet you. 🇺🇲
Hey Roy! Got some big shoes to fill, but we are here for it and we welcome you. Paul, you already know you are the best so enjoy the time off. Thanksgivings won't be the same.
Let us not mourn death, but rather celebrate life
Paul, you will be missed. And welcome Roy! Can't wait to see what you have cooked up.
Paul, I'm very glad I got to meet you at a gun show a couple months back. I don't know if you'll see this comment, but for what it's worth you taught me a lot. Thank you.
For years now my inner voice reminds me to not be like those guys that annoy paul harrell.
It would be wonderful if we could get Paul to one million subscribers!
Rev 1:18 I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.
Paul Thank you for all of your great videos over the years and Roy it's good to meet you. Paul I've prayed for you, in the name of Jesus many times, and will continue to do so. Take care Friend.   "For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.” John 3:17
OMG. I am sorry to hear this. Sorry, Paul. God be with you.
But can he cook with a Dutch oven?
Paul you are one of the nicest people I've ever seen, and from what I've seen one of the most decent.  It has been a blessing to all who have enjoyed your content over the years to have known you. I am terribly sorry that you are sick and that these things happen.   Thank you for all that you have done. Your concise and common sense commentary on firearms has always been refreshing. Thank you, again. I don't know what else to say. Just, again, thank you for your military service and your videos.
Hello Roy. Gald to see your a big man, as you have some rather big shoes to fill. Welcome Roy. God bless Paul.
I welcome Roy and look forward to the videos. Thank you for all the videos, will definitely miss your insight. Also praying for you and your family, may God  guide you on this journey.
Keep up the good work!!!!! Plethora of knowledge
Paul, you’ve reached so many people and taught (most of) us so much over the years thank you for sharing your knowledge and thank you for the best content on YouTube anyone could ask for. I wish you the best and Godspeed, man.
We love you, Paul!
Thanks for all the great videos!
Vitamin B17 sir. You got nothing to lose give it a shot.
Godspeed Paul in your journey,  may God ease your pain and suffering 🙏 for you.
Paul, thank you for all of the time and valuable information you have imparted to us. I highly esteem and respect you. I look forward to seeing more from you and your brother Roy. Sincerely,  Paul Hubbard - Salem
It’s a shame Paul, we will miss you when you pass. I hope you enjoy the time you have left, we will most likely love Roy as well.
Hey Paul very sorry to hear, I know you don't particularly like the sympathy but it is what it is. I have always enjoyed your content and will forever be thankful for the laughs and information you have given to me. I wish you and your family the best.
It's nice to meet you Roy, although I wish it was for a different reason. We love you Paul.
Paul, I’m 56 and new to firearms. Your wisdom has helped me greatly and I’m passing on my new found interest to my son.  I’m grateful.  God bless you.
welcome, roy. thanks for everything, paul.
We got your back as best we can
Paul, if you know Jesus, you're all good. Same for the rest of us.
Godspeed to Paul and Roy.
Paul's content will be greatly missed, we appreciate all the information and entertainment you've provided over the years Paul, God willing Roy will continue your legacy and you will have no regrets looking back at all you've accomplished.
Well…damn. I’ll keep watching, but damn.
Keep fighting, Paul.
Paul, I’ve been learning from you since the DCS days. I can’t begin to tell you the many ways you’ve bettered my life. I’m excited to get to know Roy. Thanks for everything Paul. You deserve the best. See you around friend.
Hey Roy! It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
paul harrell hang in there my friend
I knew what the purpose of this would be before I even watched the video
I've been fighting that b****** for 10 years now. But I'm tougher, and so are you good luck Brother..
I will remember and emulate your example of a man. How to act manly in the face of great upset and challenges. A stellar example and kicking ass when many would quit. With great respect and appreciation. A knight , a warrior, a patriot and a dry humored comedian, has walked amongst us and shared his solidity. 🙏🏻
Good gun content on you tube is scarce. Seems most want to blow stuff up. Or show they can shoot $500.00 worth of ammo (that they didn’t pay for) through a full auto that most of us will never own. People that want to show how it’s done, rather than just prove they can do it, are scarce. So, thanks and good luck.
Did I miss something?  What is Paul talking about?
Damn 😢
Love you Paul. We all have to accept this, as all things must pass.
:)
Paul, thank you for everything.  I have learned so much from you and you know we are all keeping you in our prayers!
Good to see you Roy, and no offence, but you're going to need to find you a cool jacket for the show.
What’s wrong with Paul ?
Looking forward to the knowledge and experience you have to share Roy.  Paul will be missed.  He's a "guntube" legend IMO.  If I had to pick 5 or even just 3 of the top guntube content creators,  Paul would be in that list.  Alas, his medical situation is a reality that has to be addressed.   Looking forward to more vids.  Take care.
Paul, please accept my heartfelt thanks for the huge amount I have received watching you videos. Thanks to Roy as well
Paul, I know you don’t want people shedding tears of sympathy. I know you don’t want “advice”. I know you don’t want everyone coddling your feelings. I know you don’t want charity in the sense of finances. Just know that you have an entire Army of fans that are pulling for you that would love to give you every bit of strength we have to keep up the fight. You’re in my prayers. Welcome and great to meet you Roy!
God bless and prayers for you and your family Paul
Chemo's a bitch. Good luck!
You’re a bloody legend Paul. I’ve learned a lot from your videos. Thank you
God this fucking hurts, full support for you Paul
Paul, you will be missed and I hope we will see you back soon.  I'm glad to see Roy taking over during your absence.  Doing my best to respect your wishes so I will simply say, see you soon!
And so becomes legend...we salute you, gunfighter.
I love this channel but have a hard time keeping up with these things, why is Paul leaving? Is he ok?
You deserve the world
Idk what to say I’ve been watching you for years sir. I just don’t know… you will never be forgotten in the gun community
Tell us your stories before you pass Paul.
I remember the first Paul Harrell video I saw. I thought  "what a unique , funny guy ". Then I saw him shoot  and I  said "holy crap, that's good shooting!".  Been a fan since.
Class act both PAul AND Roy.
Paul, I know I'm nobody and we may never meet in life. But I really did enjoy all the content you've put out well. We're gonna miss you and hope to see you from time to time if possible.
Godspeed, Paul. Thanks for the years of great content.
Bad to thumbs down a Paul Harrell video just out of sadness 😢
Thanks Paul, its been a sincere pleasure watching you these past few years.  Ill continue referencing your videos when i need information in the future🙏
you're a rock that reminds me we can endure dragons if we try hard enough, lots of love to you paul
Since more of the crew will be appearing on camera, are we renaming ourselves Disaster Contingency Specialists again?
Welcome, Roy. Paul, thanks for all the great content, and I'm wishing all the best.
This is heartbreaking, but I'm looking forward to seeing the journey that's still ahead. Seeing content Roy will upload, how he will manage and, most importantly, his progress and journey as a shooter. But I really wish we didn't get introduced to him like that.
This knocked me back in my chair.  Paul, you have affected so many people in such a positive way.  You are an inspiring man.
I’m speechless, Paul. You are a true American, and I’m looking forward to seeing you back here.
very sad news
God bless you and your family Paul. Thank you for all the wonderful content over the years!  We sure are going to miss you!  Godspeed Paul.
Whoa,  hmmm...okay; does brother Roy have the same speech impediment and "Shatneresque..... pauses" as Paul?
That better not be the last time we see you Paul!  That crutch better be loaded!
Thank you, Paul, for everything. 🇺🇲
Much love and support for the both of you!
Paul is high on my list of heroes. Right up there with my wonderful father and the doctors and nurses that saved my life. I’m not sure exactly what’s going on with Paul but we all know he’s a fighter, and if anybody can do it, he can do it. If I can do it, Paul can definitely do it. I’m one of a very small percentage of people that has survived pancreatic cancer. Best wishes Paul and thanks for getting your brother involved. 👍🏻
Thank you Paul for all you’ve taught us, for taking time to make us better men. We love you and will miss you. I pray God be with you and your family in these difficult times
maybe try to sneak in a couple holiday specials for people, down the road. I know the ones tou already have will continue to be viewed
Paul is absolutely the realest one out there. Even this video shows what a man’s man he is; short, no whimpering, excuses himself, and lets us, as adults, process the implication.   He is and forever will be a legend.
Ohhh, damn it!! Paul, thank you for all you have taught me, and so many others!
Thank you Paul. You will be missed.
We are with you to the end. This was a real downer. Thank you for the education you have provided your followers. I will wear my Meat Target shirt proudly in my home state of Oregon. I will watch your videos as long as they run. Roy, welcome to this tribe. This has to be difficult especially for you and those close to Paul. Celebrate life! You just never know.
I love you Paul
Please dont take this the wrong way, but what is wrong with Paul? I have been out of the loop for a while and i dont know what happened or is happening. One of my favorite channels. Paul will be missed.
Paul - I’ve been on this YouTube journey with you since the beginning, watching the topics and production quality grow over the years. I just wanted to thank you for your hundreds of hours of thoughtful, educational, and humanist content. I wish you health and peace. Thank you Sir.
At  a complete loss for words. Welcome Roy, and thank you for everything Paul.
Hey Roy! Glad you stepped up, you sound like you have a lot of valuable experience.
Paul will continue to help thousands of people become self sufficient and safe. His legacy will definitely go on.
Welcome ROY!  I appreciate your background very much, and look forward to your insights.........................................elsullo
Man this sucks, we're gonna miss you paul.
F
I hope this is just a "chemo and broken hip are kicking my ass and I'm taking some time off and changing from video to podcast." Fuck dude, this sucks. Can I just make this one arm chair physician diagnosis though? You've got balls of pure titanium.
The impact you’ve made on countless people will forever be cherished. Your integrity is a standard I hope many strive to achieve. Thank you so very much.
Praying for you Paul.. Jesus loves you! Receive His free gift of salvation and live forever in paradise. God bless you and your family, brother.
oh no!
❤️🇺🇸
I hope they can keep all his old videos up so he can continue to teach younger generations... Also now we need Roy to give us his opinions on the hard questions...5guns for shtf, if you could only have one and so on
Paul please continue to do what you feel like doing , even voice over stories or just checking in would help us both . I know for a fact you loved doing this or you wouldn't have done it .
Damn, your going to be missed. I sure appreciated and learned a lot from your content.😢 Farewell  freind!
Man this hurts, thank you for everything Paul.
Your legacy is appreciated Paul, it will live on forever.
Godspeed Paul, thank you for sharing so much with us in your time here.
Thank you, Sir! You are an inspiration to so many you have and never will meet on this earth. You could never be replaced, and your legacy will carry on through all of us you have touched. I salute you!
Paul the world needs you more than ever.
We love you Paul, glad to have your brother around to continue the channel
In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not cried nor winced aloud, under the bludgeonings of chance my head is bloodied but unbowed
Paul you are a legend.
I've been learning from you since 2012, I can only give you my sincerest gratitude.
Wishing you and your family the best, Paul.
Aloha. All our best wishes to you both. Mahalo
A Shame i can't trust my brother like you do.
Welcome, Roy! Can’t wait to hear your anecdotes and opinions on various firearms!  Thank you Paul for all you have done, you’re the man 🫡
I think what’s really important to keep in mind here are important questions like: can Roy cook in a Dutch oven? How well can he shoot from bed? Does he carry a chief special in his polyester suit?
Change.  I don't like it.  Curse upon all that brings it.  Including yous.  The end.
Paul, I don't even own a firearm. Your videos however,  inspired me to learn to shoot and spend more times outdoors with friends and family. Thank you for everything.
I take this is not a good sign on your health wish you the best and will continue to watch your brother enjoy what time you have left with your family
I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. (Jesus)
Thanks for all the excellent content. Truly unique and much appreciated.
Thanks Paul. Sorry Roy! You are just not Paul. Good luck.
A sad day indeed, Godspeed Paul thank you for everything, wishing you the best and welcome Roy.
Why is Paul leaving ???
Sending best wishes to Paul. Much appreciated.
Well heck. Fair winds, Paul, I'll be thinking about you.
Roy better bring Shatneresque...    ...Pauses.
Wow, really going to miss you Paul and this great content. Thanks for all you've done for us! Godspeed.
This makes me sad. Is it the cancer?
Godspeed Paul Harrell. Thank you for everything.
God bless you Paul we are praying for you 🙏
I just want to say thanks for all I've learned from you. Sincerely!
Welcome, Roy. Thank you, Paul.
🫡
I normally don't like changes like this but I'll continue to watch in honor of Paul.
Pure class Mr. Harrell.
Damnit. Already over 2024
We are sending prayers your way. We have been missing you as part of our weekly views on YouTube. It is good to know that your passion for educating people in safe handling of fire arms will continue. Your holiday  videos have been among our favorites. Teaching people how to cook properly with a dutch oven is something I personally learned from your cooking.  Thank you for your quirky, funny stories and antidotes and I must not forget animated voices that made us laugh so hard. We both are sad for what you are going through. We  know you will be a solider until the end. For now eat all  the Pop-tarts  you feel like eating Thank you for your service to our country and for the YouTube family that has become part of your life journey thank you sincerely for your passion and professionalism.  May peace be with you in the coming days.
Alright crew, heres the deal, we make our way in to Paul's pancreas and destroy  the cancer and be back home in time for dinner and our new favorite youtube show Harrel Brother adventures. We ride at dawn, and its be a pleasure serving with you all.
Thanks Paul. Appreciated by us all.
Thank u Paul
Thanks for your service & your content all these years. 🫡👍👍
boss o7
The 1986 FBI shootout was my first Paul video and I’ve been hooked ever since. ❤
We all hope for the best Paul. You’re a unique and special YouTuber in the gun community and you Miami Dade presentation will forever be my favorite gun related video
Paul, Thank you for your videos.  Over the years I have enjoyed every one of them.  Enough old methods to keep this old geezer yelling “Yeah, that’s the way” and enough new methods to teach this old coot a new trick or two.  Whatever the fates bring you, I wish you Fair Winds and Following Seas.
Roy - nice to meet ya. I hope to see more of you soon and look forward to what you can teach us all!
hi  roy.
Police = Ma' Sons as you know. You are faking your health issue too.
Thank you for all your time and efforts M. harell. Welcom brother. Paul it always saddens when a another respectful and healthy man gets caught up by age.😢
Hello Roy. I'm sure your content will be every bit as informative and entertaining as Paul's has been.
Our family has really learned a lot from watching your postings. You radiate courage and integrity. We will pray for you and your family. God bless.
well, at least you going to leave something behind... i on the other hand ...what can i show???
I am lost for words. This format is the one gun channel I have been watching regularly for years and about the only one where I always watched the long version, the longer the better. I whish all the best to you Paul and hope you can win this battle...but as you requested no pitty, just simpathy. Roy, big shoes to fill but what would the world be without a challenge now and then. I will be sticking around and I am sure that you will carry on with the best gun content on youtube.
The only thing I hope is that Mr. Harrell won't face the worst part of.  After witnessing two of my familiy members, my grandma, and my aunt pass away due to pancreas cancer, there is no hope of recovering from this, even my aunt was a medical wonder, somehow she lived another 2 years, taking a lot chemo-therapy, more than 30 occasions, and gone.
😢
Is Roy right for you, you be the judge.
Sad to hear this. Well, glad to hear your brother is taking over.. Anyway, thanks for all your great content ect. Always, enjoyed it. Salute from Europe 🇳🇱
If Paul was leaving forever,I believe he would tell us that."Hiatus" is more like it,Cheers!
Why can't paul continue? Is it due to his cancer? I sure hope You're ok paul. We need your lessons. They are invaluable.
Yes sir,  I will stay true to the channel.  Thank you sir for all the great content.  Man 2024 is not starting off great at all. You will be deeply missed.
The reality that we are coming to the end of life of so many people with useful skills and knowledge is scary to me.  So many of us haven't learned first hand.  Some if us can't.  It's a shame.  But it's a reality.  Thank you tor what you've given us, Paul.
Paul, this is really sad news. We all understand your in the fight of your life. It's going to be near impossible to replace your hyper deep knowledge of firearms being delivered by a sweet sarcastic and entertaining style. Thanks for your incredible ability to share your knowledge via YouTube. 🥰🥰🥰🥰
🫡
refuah shle'mah . You will be greatly missed by many.
Good to meet you Roy.
I don’t have the words.   Paul, you have made a difference.   Well done, sir!!
Thanks for everything Paul.  The laughs along the way, the testing, the stories.  Was it great?  You be the judge.
We all love and support you Paul.
Gonna miss you Paul
Man, I’ve been watching your videos since I was a boy man. I’m bout to be 25 this year, I watched your videos when I was first taking firearms training seriously. I remember how shocked I was realizing you were a Marine after I had already enlisted, thought it was funny. I appreciate all the knowledge you’ve bestowed and your character I was able to experience. Semper Fidelis Devil.
I'm gonna miss you, Paul!
Paul, you have brought a world of info to us on the other side of the lens. Thank you for that and your style. Hang in there and the best of luck! Welcome Roy, I look forward to your videos and can't wait to see your "style" in the near future!
Thanks for all you've done Paul, keeping you and your family in my thoughts. If nothing else Roy better keep those thanksgiving specials coming, truly some of my favorite Youtube videos.
Welcome Roy! We love you Paul!
Paul, if you need a hand from a distance with anything, let me know!! infinite thanks
Lot of long hours has to go into making these vids and that takes energy.  Paul having the cancer, and likely getting the chemotherapy, with it’s resultant side effects to one’s constitution and resulting lack of stamina, has done well to get this far.  Glad he is looking to get a decent pinch hitter in there till he bounces back.
Your 1986 FBI Shootout analysis video has become a staple of firearms training.  Bless you, Paul.  ☦
Thank you for everything Paul. You will be missed.
We’re always thinking and talking about you Paul ❤
I’m not one to usually comment on videos but this one is gonna be one I’m gonna have to. I’m deeply saddened by this, but I know Paul is gonna do all he can for everyone. I’m gonna deeply miss him. His videos made me happy on days it’s been rough. Sucks that I had to find this out while in the woods hunting, but I guess its okay. I’ve pondered on this video since the minute it came out, and I’ve felt a little sick by sadness, but I hope the best for Paul.
You know I was kinda hoping that they may have caught soon enough that Paul would have at least a few years, but now it seems like it’s now going to be long. I know he wanted everyone not to be sad, give wishes/prayers but it’s nice to see so many people, who have been enjoying Paul’s videos come together and say that they truly feel sorry for what Paul has to go through.  Godspeed Paul, I hope you have a good day.
Paul Harrell is a real man.
Hi Roy.
Paul Harrell is a real man.
God bless you, and may you receive the gift of everlasting life from the Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ. Thank you for all you have taught us over the years.
I got seriously interested in firearms in January 2020, right before the covid panic. Paul was the first GunTuber I watched to learn more about the topic (Paul's Top Five Guns for Home Defense). Thank you, Paul, for all the great information, advice, and entertainment. I hope you realize how valuable a resource you've been to so many people.
My heart. :(  I'm wishing you well, Paul. Thanks for all the great content, and I wish I gotten to meet you.
Been fun paul, hope when your final hour comes its at least peaceful and know you are leaving a legacy of knowledge delivered in a very versatile way, easy to digest and remember 🎉
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ
Thank you Paul, for over a decade of manly American content. You are the GOAT.
We love you, Paul. Thank you.
I'm sure Roy will do an excellent job as he warms up to us and the format.  Paul, you helped me gain a much deeper understanding of firearm safety. You've done some great work with this channel.
One additional note, I would not count Paul Harrell down for the count no matter the circumstance. ❤
What's wrong with Paul?
I’ve always been a silent viewer. I have loved the content for years for many reasons and look forward to more from the channel and what Roy has to say with his years of service. I lost my grandmother in august to pancreatic cancer. Fuck cancer. God speed Paul.
When Paul was made, they broke the mold immediately following. A one-of-a-kind man, never to be replicated. His dry sense of humor, incredible brillant mind, witty ways, and deep humility have touched all of us who faithfully viewed his material each day.  We welcome his brother with open arms, and to continue the legacy, Paul has cemented.  God bless you, Paul.
God bless you and keep you on your journey, Paul. Thank you again for all that you have done for us over the many years I’ve been enjoying your videos.  I’d say more but my eyes are getting blurry…
Pure class.  What a man.
It is what it is man. We adapt well to most things. What a drag it is getting old. Best of luck in kicking cancers ass! We will miss your humor and education. Look forward to seeing little (bigger) brothers views on gun stuff
This is devastating. Prayers for you and your family.
Damn , Paul is my favorite trusted source of information, love his shatneresque pauses and antidotes. Thank you so much for the years of entertainment and insight as a world class firearms expert. You will be sorely missed . Welcome to Roy, I will watch him as well, there is no replacing Paul Harrell .
when you realize Paul is the most charismatic of his friend group lol. no offense Roy i look forward to any training you pass on to me.
Damn.
Thank you Paul, you have done a lot for the community. You will be forever missed.
God bless. Be well. Thanks for all the hours of content. Appreciate everything you do and have done.
Paul, lost my Dad to pancreatic cancer on leap day 2020. Will definitely miss you, too.
You've done everything a man can do and more Paul, thank you!
😢 🫡
Be well Paul
I will brush my teeth twice a day and floss from now on, Paul. You win. Please do not go Paul.  Know that you are loved, if only from afar, as I have not made the long trip to see you at the gun shows.  In lieu of flowers, where may I send you some nice steaks? Seriously, honestly.  Thank you for being, and continuing to be, Paul Harrell. The truly best that a man can get.  I would buy a shirt with you on it saying “The best a man can get,” but I feel you would not want the poblicity.
Love ya, Paul. Godspeed brother.
This is simply put, distressing.  😢 Paul, you are, as many have said, a Legend.  Viya con Dios.  And wecome to Roy.
Is a .22 better than nothing at all? You be the judge.
Watched you for years and years, was currently binge rewatching your channel, this hurts. You are a very stoic man at least for the camera, I always appreciated that. Way to many youtubers who would milk the hell out of this...
We love you Paul
greatness runs in the family.    these guys are built different.
Thank you for sharing your life with us....    GOD BLESS YOU 🌿🌿🌿🌹🔥✝️🔥🌹🌿🌿🌿
You are truly one of a kind Paul. I have learner so much from the knowledge and experience that you have shared. Thank you my friend. Welcome Roy, it's a pleasure to meet you.
Thank you for the knowledge you’ve given us Paul; see ya in the next one.
Thanks for all you have done and setting a good example.  See you on the high ground.
Only a bonafide hoss with a fantastic set of initials would make an “I’m dying, here’s the new guy.” Video less than a minute long. Beat that, Barczyk
Cheers Paul, for the hundreds of hours of entertainment, and education, humour and wit. I sincerely wish you the best with whatever comes next.
I feel a significant page is turning. But, I welcome your brother. May God be with you
Much respect Paul. I hope you get to spend your remaining time well, with family and loved ones.
Hello Roy. You're being a great brother.
Hi Roy!
Paul, your videos are some of the most informative and to the point on the internet. You've made many a Thanksgiving at work joyful. Thank you for spreading your wealth of knowledge, with comprehensive testing to back it up; all with humor and kindness. Your videos have made me a better person, on top of a more prepared responsible citizen. Please rest and take care of yourself, because you've already left an incredible positive legacy.
Nice to meet you Roy!👍🏽😀❤️🇺🇸
Godspeed, thank you sir.
Nice, new anecdotes 🤩
Hi Roy! Welcome!
Thank you for everything you’ve given us, Paul. Watching you run a pump shotgun is a thing of art. One of a kind guy, but I’ll let you be the judge on that.
Paul, you have been my greatest role model for many years. I am only 19 years old, but I hope to grow into a man like you. You are in my prayers
Praying for paul
super excited for roy, paul was legendary
Thank you Paul for all you've done.  You're wisdom has made millions of  better gun owners and better people.
I’ve learned a lot from your videos Paul. You’ll be missed. We’ll continue viewing your many videos and support Roy!
You are a legend Paul. We will treat Roy with the utmost respect. Your legacy will carry on forever my man.
love and respect Paul!
Someone needs to sit with Paul and record every story he can remember. I would volunteer, but live to far away.
Thanks for the knowledge you have blessed us with. Much peace, grace and love to you Paul, God bless brother. 🙏
Thank you Paul for all your years of honest and deliberate content. You have been a guiding voice in my introduction to hunting, the outdoors, and practical proficiency. Welcome Roy!
I'm going to miss you Paul.
I know Mr. Harrell has a great sense of humility and likes to keep many of his achievements, accomplishments, and life stories close to his chest, but if he’s at all willing in these next few years I’d love to see a Paul Harrell autobiography published. From the tiny percentage that we have heard, he’s lived a full life and undoubtedly still has a wealth of as-yet-untold experience and knowledge that we could all benefit from.
Paul, I hope that you are able to make a speedy and full recovery through whatever trials you face, both physically and mentally that that lay ahead of you.  Roy, it's nice to see you!  I appreciate you, and the rest of the crew carrying on the torch!  🙂
See you soon, Roy. Thanks for everything Paul.
Thank you for all your work Paul. We appreciate you and we will continue to learn from you as long as we can.
Boooo
Thank you Paul, you have taught me so much, greetings also to Roy.
I’m praying for you, Paul. The world can ill afford to lose you.
Thank you Paul for every second you spent sharing your knowledge and experience with us.
All the best, Paul. Much as I might wish otherwise, I can't say or do a damned thing to change the situation from what it is to what I'd like, but that's nothing new for any of us living at an address that doesn't include "Fantasyland". Thanks for all you've done, and be as well as you can be.
Paul’s opinion matters. Having Roy on board is his choice and that’s good enough for me. After all, he is a professional!  Look forward to hearing more from Paul. God bless you.
Paul, I can say anything that others have already said, but I'll just say thank you for sharing your knowledge and time with us. No one does it like you. You've made an impact on my life and gave me confidence I never knew I had. You'll be sorely missed here.
Mr. Harrell, I assume this means things have taken a turn for the worst.  This is awful news for the world in general and especially for the gun community.  We have learned so much from you over the years.  You taught us about guns.  You taught us about cooking.  And, you taught *me* how to be a better person.  I've learned so much from you talking about your interactions with people.  You don't talk about it often, but I try to learn from your experiences and I try to follow your examples.  You are not that much older than me, but you have had completely different life experiences than I, and you communicate that information extremely well even with your Shatner-esque pauses, so your info is really useful to the weirdos out there like me.  This is embarrassing.  I'm a grown ass man sitting at my computer crying about unconfirmed bad news about an awesome dude that I've never met in real life.  Most of my friends would make fun of me if they could see me right now.  "Why are you crying about this?  Be a man.  Real men don't cry about folks they've never met."  Blah Blah Blah.  But those that know, they know, and COMPLETELY get it.  This is ridiculously sad news.  I'm going to go hug my kids (to make me feel better) and I promise to continue passing on the knowledge I've learned from you because what you teach needs to be passed down to every generation.  Also, thumbs down because I'm sad.  Youtube doesn't care.  They just care about interactions, comments, views, and dollars.  Thank you for introducing your brother.  I hope we grow to love him as much as we love you.  I intend to give him every benefit of the doubt when he accidentally messes up because we all mess up sometimes.  Thank you for everything you've done, and I'll be praying for you and your family.  I'm REALLY going to miss you.  Very Sincerely, MBash
Life is brutal sometimes.
It's been an honor Paul.  May God bless you and wrap you in his peace, may His face shine upon you and be gracious to you.  Amen.
Thank you for helping me take care of my family.  Thank you for the fun and interesting videos. Praying for you and your family. 🙏
Welcome Roy!  You will of course have to work on your " Shatner-esque pauses"  but it's great to meet you.
Thank you Paul, for everything. We love you big guy.
G-d Dammit. We need more men like Paul in this world, not less. This one hurts. Thank you, Paul, for setting the standard.
Wait, what did I miss!?!
Sad to see you stepping aside Paul but I wish you the best of everything.
It's never been more over than it is right now :(
Not sure what is happening with paul but i wish you the best brother.
You don’t look dead to me Paul ? Doctors are not always correct . Look into fasting therapies . You are not 100 years old and it’s not impossible you could beat this .  Perhaps Revero run by Dr Shawn Baker ? His carnivore diet can help a lot of things and I know there are quacks but fasting and carnivore have helped lots of people with lots of diseases . I don’t think we can say for certain your time is over sir. I’ll pray for you . Convert to Catholicism NOW  SAINT Gabriel of our Lady of the Sorrows  Patron of handguns  Pray for Paul Harrel . That’s he’s healed if it’s Gods Will and that he sees the Truth and converts to Catholicism outside of which there is no salvation  Amen  BE CATHOLIC PAUL  Merry Christmas ! It’s Christmastide until February 2nd
Well, bud, I have appreciated your films for years. Good stuff. Best of luck in future endeavors!  Welcome, Roy.
This is worse than when Steve left us...
Roy- welcome! Thank you for taking up the mantle on the channel.  Paul- We will certainly miss seeing you here. I hope to one day meet you. Do you know Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Savior?
Excited to see Roy on the channel. I’ll be tuning in.
Actual hype
What is he going through?  Cancer?
Thank you. Your videos will be watched for many years to come.
Welcome Roy. Best wishes Paul.
Who sells paul harrel shirts? I bought two a while back but forgot the link
Mr. Harrell, we love you! If not already, please accept Jesus in your heart! You are in my prayers. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for all your teachings and also your sense of humor. You are a true class act.
God speed, Paul. It’s been great to know you and learn from you.
Hey Paul, thank you for entertaining and teaching me so good over the years! You‘re a great guy and have a strong humor and you‘ll be missed. I wish you nothing but the best and I hope to hear from you. Bless you!
Hi Paul, I'm so sorry to hear this.  I've been watching your channel for years and have always enjoyed your content, from gun/ammo testing to anecdotes to holiday cooking/recipes.  Your humor and professionalism in the face of criticism and the vicissitudes of online existence have been inspirational.  I survived (so far!) prostate cancer a couple of years ago and can only begin to empathize with your situation.  I know that open discussion of illness in a public forum can be embarrassing and intrusive, so 'nuff said on that score. Many years ago, one of my favorite college professors announced that he was dying from oral cancer.  The comment of his that has always remained with me is that he intended to face death with the same grace and equanimity with which he'd always tried to face life.  I've always attempted to do the same myself (through bouts with disease, flight testing of homebuilt aircraft, and other less potentially deadly adventures) and I'm confident that you feel the same. All my best to you in this difficult time and to your family. Best regards, Ken
Thank you for everything, Paul!
Speed recovery and God bless you Paul.  Thank you  for everything you have teach to us.
Mr Harrell, you will be greatly missed sir
Very sad to hear Paul. You are a treasured member of the community. I sure hope some of the other content creators come out and say something. You are a true gift to society. Thank you for all that you are.
Welcome Roy.  I know this isn’t easy or the way you wanted to get introduced to the channel, but we all wish you well.  Paul, it’s with heavy heart that we see you step aside.  No amount of praise or thanks can come close to giving you the equal amount of joy, fun, insight, knowledge, and love you have bestowed to your viewers over the years. God bless you on your journey and if we all meet again in the next realm, think about how much time you will have to do your long form presentations.   It will be awesome.
All the best Paul. Welcome Roy!
Thank you for everything Paul
Thank you, Paul, for all the invaluable information you've imparted unto all of us. You have made many a firearms enthusiasts more enlightened with the unrivaled pragmatism and professionalism of your content.  I can't wait to see what your brother has in store for us.
Welcome Roy.  We surely going to miss Paul's Shatneresk pauses and spicy rebuttals. Prayers sent for him to be comfortable.
You're a legend Paul! Thanks for the education! All the best!
We love you Paul stay strong.
Paul and  Roy, welcome.
You will be missed, Paul.  I learned a lot from you.  Godspeed.  Welcome, Roy. I look forward to seeing your videos.
Love you Paul!
You will be missed for sure. Glad I had the opportunity to learn so much from you. It’s crazy I feel like I’m losing a close friend or family member yet I’ve never even formally met you or ever even been in the same room. But you’ve been with me many many hours at work, long commutes, not to mention all the Christmas’s and thanksgivings and so many other times. Godspeed Mr. Paul 😢. Good to meet you Roy looking forward to it
does anyone know what happened?
*Welcome aboard Roy! Paul will be missed but Roy, the YT community welcomes you with open arms. Welcome brother!*
Godspeed
Paul, there are so many comments on this video I'm not sure if you will ever see this, but if you do I wanted to say that I am tremendously grateful to you. I feel wiser from listening to your long form deep dives which are often about the technicalities of calibers, weapon handling and the like, but are really more about how to think critically, weigh up alternatives, understanding that life is about trade offs more than it is about solutions and I could go on. Much love from the UK, David.
Hey Paul, it was good to meet you last year in Rickreal, I wish you well, and regret the current circumstances.... Also wish you could have written some kind of book... like a "Paul's anecdotes" kind of book. Amazon made self publishing easy a few years back, ( for example: Vietnam Helicopter Rescues  by Phil Marshall, he has 20 volumes so far, all self published ) Take care, rest easy.
Thank you for all your thoughts on the many videos you have made. And the New one's crossing the horizon.
I was hoping it wouldn't come down to this, but the reality of pancreatic cancer is is fairly discouraging.  Paul, thank you for everything you have done for this community, globally (I am from Canada).  There have been a plethora and probably a generation of folks who otherwise would not have been interested in firearms had it not been for your informative, educational and insightful videos.    Despite your deep and clear knowledge of various facets of firearms and shooting, the one thing that I have always admired and respected about you is your humility, and treating your viewers with respect and dignity.  In a world where many channels look to gain viewers and subscribers in using clickbait, being overtly rude or shocking, or some other gimmicky schtick, to get people to watch,   your videos are well presented, with clear thoughtful verbal communication, and they are done so in such a way that makes me proud that there are well spoken and articulate people like yourself who will present information without overt emotion or bias.    All my kids have watched your videos and yours are a rare case of educational gun videos that are also family friendly, but also teach kids about proper communication, public speaking and use of words to convey ideas.  You are one in a million, you will be deeply missed, but your footprint in this world and to this community will be long-lasting.  Thanks for everything, sir.
Paul, would you do a Kodiak Boar Bear hunt using only snub nose M Frame 327 using hard cast 357 ammo AND a hunting knife of your choosing? It can be arranged with or without permits. The tribes in that area would be honored to have you take on their brother bear. If you win you leave the Bear's head as a sign of respect. If the other, You Paul will have created a path for other old hunters living what they love. Thanks for your time & sound expert opinions.
Thank you Paul
Paul will be missed
Oh, no! Paul is one of a very few people on YouTube who I look forward to hearing from with every video.  May you recover and come back even stronger. I died before but even in that state, God had me as I clung onto Him, praying ceaselessly that whoever calls on His holy Name will be saved. I was on the deck for more than two hours but God restored me. Never lose faith, even when it's as scary as it gets.
Man, Paul... I'm grieving this whole thing.  I have no doubt Roy is going to be great, so looking forward to a new era and new anecdotes which have been a huge part of what's made this channel great.  Get right with Jesus, brother, if you're not already.
Sorry to hear this.  Paul you shared your knowledge and skills with us, thank you. And you are passing the torch. Hello Roy.
Paul, I believe I speak for everyone when I say I will eat a box of blueberry Pop Tarts in your honor, and always keep a fresh box in the pantry in your honor. You will be missed.
Paul. I've been watching your channel for about 8 years. I remember when you had 4k subscribers. From your very first video you instantly became my favorite firearms YouTuber and continue to be.  I'll never forget all of the knowledge and laughs that you've shared with me over the years. I can't adequately put into words, with the brevity required in this format, just how truly appreciative and grateful I am for everything you've done. Let's just say it would be an honor to shake your hand and buy you a beer.  Also I'm looking forward to seeing Roy in action. He seems like a down-to-earth great guy.  Thank you and take care, friend.  -Alex
Paul if you don't know Him already, accept Jesus as your saviour. It's very easy, all you have to do is believe he is the Son of God and that he died on the cross for you and me, and rose again from the grave on the third day. ☦
Howdy Roy from AZ.
I am so sorry too hear about your problems. I came too this channel for your unique perspective on life and your sence of humor. Nobody can replace you. I am hoping you will be back. I hope it is not a permanent departure and if it is please rest in peace. There is a Heaven and GOD loves you.
Even though we aren't, this legitimately feels like I'm losing a friend. So much of my gun knowledge has came from this channel and the type of knowledge is unique. That's tragic news.
Hi Roy, nice to meet you .. we've heard a lot about you, most of it was good stuff. 🤪
Thank you for everything Paul. You are loved in the 2A community and i hope you know it
I named my channel the What If Brigade because I really appreciate your videos.  Thank you for everything you've done over the years.
Sad news to hear from Paul. You've given us so much good info and thought provoking entertainment. We'd still love to hear from you even if it's not from the range. Sending for Paul and family.   Welcome Roy and looking forward to it
Paul! Thank's a lot from Sweden and for all of your knowledge, funny and interesting anecdots and much more from you and your channel. Of course we welcome your brother Roy with open arms and with a big love. I cross my fingers that both of you together can produce much more vids in the future. Best wishes and a chunk of big love! ♥
Hey, Paul! Just want to thank you for all the knowledge, stories and entertainment you’ve provided all these years and for your service to our country! I totally get your sense of humor and will miss that! Lost 2 close friends to PC. You, your family and friends are in my prayers! I will continue to watch! Godspeed!
Is paul healthy?
Fuck cancer. I'm gonna miss you Paul. Despite never having even shot a handgun I still watched everyone of your videos, I love your format, the way you present and expose information and your dry witty humor.  Thank you for all the hours of entertainment you gave me and all the others. Greetings from Italy.
Thank you for all the great content Paul… You will be missed and I greatly appreciate every bit of educational and humorous content you’ve put out for all of us.
This just ruined the rest of my day. I’m so sad to see Paul go. I’ll never get tired of listening to his stories
ok wow this is complete shock...Paul please come back healthy
Paul, thanks for all your work on YouTube. May God bless your soul.
I can't think of much to say, I just appreciate all the knowledge you shared with us throughout the years, thank you Paul
Anything I would try to say has already been said better by someone else on here, so I'll just say thank you and we will miss you.
"Do not be sad that it ended, be glad it happened".   May GOD shed his grace and mercy on you.
Get a pop tart and take break friend
Paul, thank you so much for all that you have shared with us… a part of you will live on in all of us!
Paul I pray that you have a speedy recovery and beat this thing. 🙏
love you paul
God bless you Paul you a true OG
Thank you Paul for your years of experience shared with us all. Thank you Roy for keeping the legend alive.
This will be the longest and saddest Shatner-esque pause. Thank you for sharing your life and knowledge with all of us. It is and was a life well-lived. God bless you.
Wtf!? You gotta be kiddin me.   Roy, nice to meet you sir.
As we say in East Los... Paul, you're a REAL G. Thank you for everything you have done, and the legacy you have forged. You will not be forgotten by those that have had the privilege to watch and learn. Thank you for sharing your anecdotes, your knowledge, and your bravery in the face of overwhelming odds. You are the type of man so many of us others should strive to be. Thank you for your service Marine!
hello roy
You'll be missed Paul but of course Roy will be welcomed by us with open arms. I hope we get to enjoy you for a while yet though.
With the same speech impediment, I'm not sure I'll notice the difference.
Thanks for everything, Paul. Roy, looking forward to the future.
The Era of Roy is commencing
We all know the world isn't fair.  But if it is at all, Paul will remain with us for decades while everyone on Epstein's list will not.
Thanks for everything Paul.  Hope you enjoy what time you have as much as we all have enjoyed the shared knowledge and deadpan comedy.  Welcome Roy, hope you got big feet. Cuz you have massive shoes to fill 😅
It would be really cool if the gun tube Community could get you to a million subscribers, so that you could see it.
Thank you Paul for the update.  I'll leave it at that. Welcome Roy. Looking forward to hearing your approach.  Thank you you both for your service.
Paul, I'm so sorry. I hope for the best for you, whatever happens. You've been a real beacon of knowledge for me and thousands like me. Thank you so much, for everything.   Roy, I wish we'd met under better circumstances.   Best of luck.
Godspeed Paul. howdy Roy
Paul, thank you for all the years of knowledge. Hope to see more from you and will continue to watch with your brother, Roy.  It’s sad to see you have to step down, but you’ve lived an extremely interesting and action packed life you and your family can be proud of
Not the update I was hoping to hear. I hope that your remaining time is meaningful and enjoyable for you Paul.
So he is dying. Damn, part of me was hoping he'd beat it and keep on truckin'. But life rarely turns out sunshine and daisies. So ends a great era, and good luck Roy!
welcome aboard Roy.  Big shoes to fill.
Glad to have met you Paul!
Well that's a bummer, well hello Roy.
Damn Paul... We all have so much respect for you, not least for your grace and courage. Thanks for it all.
Damn…  Love ya Paul and I’ll put you and yours on the prayer wall at church.  God bless ya.
Paul, Thank you so much for sharing with us a part of you. I've truly enjoyed your videos and appreciate you. May God bless you and keep you. My prayers are with you.
Thank you for everything. I am rarely at a loss for words. I find myself devoid of commentary, yet I could not remain silent. Welcome, Roy. Thank you, Paul.
The last good guntoober.  Thanks Paul
:(
A teacher never knows where his influence stops. You will live on in the lives you have made better. Thank you Sir!
Paul you will be missed here but also we understand you need to do what you can for your health. Roy welcome we look forward to your content
Good to see you Roy and Paul.
oh Paul will be Back. the weather and trolls haven't stopped him small bugs, hip replacement or just must needed rest will not. He will be back, better than ever.
“Some people wonder all their lives if they’ve made a difference. The Marines don’t have that problem.”  ― Ronald Reagan  As a United States Marine I’d like to point out that you my friend will also not so burdened!
Paul you are a loved human being! Not in a weird way either.
23 seconds and then gone.  Sad day for all of us.
Oh man, this is sad. Either way, welcome Roy. I'm not looking forward to the day both Paul and Hickock are done.
😭😭
I've been watching the channel for something like 7 or 8 years and plan on continuing to do so. I've greatly enjoyed the channel and benefited from it.  Praying for you, Paul
You are an inspiration, Paul.
Thank you for everything you’ve done for us Paul.
I've been watching you as long as I can remember, you've been a wealth of information and knowledge. You're definitely mine and many others favorite youtuber, seeing this is rough and I'm sorry you have to go through jt.
Welcome Roy.  It is very sad to hear about Paul's condition.  Thank you so much for every lesson in humor, life, firearms training and critical thinking.  As others have said, the effect youve had on millions of people's lives is absolutely massive.  We all look up to you.
Hope your ok paul take care rest up
Paul, I was hoping you recovery. I fear that what you have said means that this will not happening. Im from Brazil, for many years I wanted to meet you personally, saddly i think this will not by possible. You are a great person, one of the greatest comunicator I ever see. You did an alwsome job here in youtube, and im happy your family and friends will Continue. I dont now if theres is life after death, but if there is an paradise, I have certainty you is the first on the gates. You will be missed. When I have Children they will see your videos, and the same with my grandchildren.   You are an example to us all, of streght, of force, of courage. iven facing the end. You death will not by in vain. You leave an legacy and a shadow in this world.  Prepar the way for us all, we meet in ther afterlife!
All I can add is the content this channel has given me to this point is 1st rate. And Paul will be sorely missed and deserves every bit of accolade I have read so far. I will miss him. Roy, welcome. I look forward to seeing what you bring to the table. 🫡
Gonna miss you, Paul.
Don't suppose there's some magical cure for you hiding in one of those jacket pockets, is there...  Paul, you are held in utmost regard, esteem, and with the deepest respect, by those who consider themselves fans and admirers. You've set an awfully high standard for the rest of us to attempt to meet. Thank you for everything and God bless you and those close to you.  Much love and Godspeed, sir.
Hiya, Roy!
Welcome Roy!   Paul may the force be with you and you be the judge.
Sending all of my love and Aloha your way Paul. Mahalo for the years of laughter and knowledge. May we one day meet on the other side. Godspeed. Aloha 🤙🏽
Well crap.   Roy, nothing against you and I will continue watching.  I just didn't want to see this happen.  God bless you Paul.
Godspeed Paul.
Fenbendazole for the cancer!!!! Now!!!
Many of us out here Love you Paul, and you will be sorely missed.   Blessings on your journey home my friend,  and a heartfelt thank you for all you have given to us over the years.
Thank you for everything you've given us Paul.
Nothing against Roy, but THIS SUCKS. He's doing this in the most Stoic of ways possible, but I had bad feeling when there was no Christmas special. 😑😑😑
Im sure im not the only one to feel this way, but this morning, I feel very emotional. The connection you can develop over years of watching & engaging with a personality on youtube is amazing.  I feel like we all know this man in our own little ways.  I am very grateful in a few ways. To have a piece of your knowledge, your experience, and your expert presentations that will hopefully always be available for years to come.  You've entertained me, taught me, made me laugh, and this morning, I am immensely saddened by your departure.  You've made an impact in many countless lives, some more than others. I hope your time was well spent.  I will keep watching and keep learning. But without you, Paul. The world will lose a 100% honest and genuine national treasure.  Save travels, Paul.  Thank you a thousand for your gifts to the world. May your presentations continue to influence, teach, and entertain for years and years into the future.
Paul, thank you for all you've done and the knowledge you've shared over the years. Your impact on the YouTube gun community has surely been profound. We're going to miss you a hell of a lot.
🥲…..💪😎
Fuck
We will all miss you Paul
I'm sorry. I cannot accept this. I understand you want the channel to keep going. I also understand you are very modest about your stature and impact on the gun community. So forgive me for what I'm about to say.  I watch the channel to watch you. The dry humor, the Shantnersque pauses. You, not someone else. Even if that someone is kin. You are a hell of a man to face what you're facing without letting it spill over into the channel.   Gunsmoke had a start and an end. As did Bonanza, Leave it to Beaver and The Twilight Zone. I accept this ends when you are forced to part ways because of ill health.  Nevermind the channel. I hope you got everything you could have ever  wanted.  Thank you for everything.
No sadness. Accomplishing such a triumphant campaign warrants a smile and a nod.  You did it, man. Godspeed Paul.
Mr Paul Harrell….simply the best.
Dont fuck with us Paul.......Paul? 😢 Paul?
My father's name is Paul, he met the same fate Sept. 17th 2011.
I like how Roy's cadence is identical to Paul's. We'll miss you Paul, but Roy seems like the right guy to take the wheel.
Paul, thank you. You’ve made each of us better men.
Thank you for all your information.  Best wishes and God bless.
Nice 👍
Ok Roy... Let us see those pecs. 😊
What happened?
Godspeed on your journey to a better place Paul. Hello and welcome Roy.
The same way I lost my grandpa, when you get to heaven tell him I said hello
God bless you Paul.
Hello Paul, I have been watching you since I got into firearms. I hope good health to you. Unfortunately today my dog pastaway after 9 years of loyalty. This is the second worst news. But Roy I will be watching and grateful you'll be carrying on with content. Paul I know you are a private man but I hope you share if things turn for the worse. People have grown to appreciate and admire you through this content.
Thank you for everything you've shared paul, your knowledge and common sense. 🙏
This almost as alarming as when an anti-2A law or regulation has passed 😮
Where's Paul going
Best to ya Sir Paul. Hello Roy.  (this is tough for sure)
Well done, Paul. Professional and classy, as always.  Welcome, Roy.
YAAY Roy this is cool dode
I had no idea his health was in decline. I knew about the cancer but I thought he was getting better. I got teary eyed watching this. Im not religious but I will say a prayer for you.
I could say much....... i will say you have made my holidays  much more tolerable with your specials. Bless you man with love and admiration!!
Thank you for everything you’ve done for us Paul. Words are inadequate in times like this I know. With all sincerity I wish you the best! Welcome Roy! You’ll find we’re an overly obnoxious lot but Paul embraced us and we hope you do as well!
I’m a younger viewer of Paul. Haven’t even reached my mid 20s, but im still father and firearms nerd. this loss to the YouTube community is a significant one and I for one along with many others will miss you Paul. Every year seems to start with loss.
Keeping things in the family is a very nice touch. We'll miss the Shatner-esque pauses. Welcome, Roy, looking forward to hear those stories.
Paul I wish you peace and contentment.  I've enjoyed your videos over the past few years,. .I'm sure brother Roy will bring his 'brand' of entertainment to us and we'll get along just fine. Thanks for the intro. Roy, I look forward now, to see if you can match what Paul has given us. See you soon.
You have provided hundreds of thousands of people with knowledge, laughter and enjoyment Paul. Though you may be leaving us soon, your legacy will always be here. I genuinely appreciate you for all of your words my ears have heard. Thank you brother
So sad. What integrity. You da man Paul. Don’t let Roy wear that ungodly ugly sports coat in video! Sail on sailor
Thank you for everything.
I had no idea.    I have watched your vids for years.    I had to read through the comments to find out what in the hell was this all about.    This impacted me.   Cancer has impacted my life about as much as anything.   Lost my 'partner' GF of 12 years to it.     You will for sure be missed.    Couple times in my life I was told I was doomed.   I would like to think I was as pragmatic about it as you and most say I was.     Hep C is now curable but was not 20 years ago... I pretty much felt/feel  that if it happens it happens but if there is a chance?   my stubborn streak says it won't be me.    You are facing a tough one tho.    like my GF did.    I will pray for you..  and well...  God loves when someone like me prays...not like I do it a lot..
Sir, your composure is admirable. I wish you well. Don't give up on anything.
Howdy Roy, hanging in there
You have been a pillar of this community for a long time Mr. Harrell. The character you have displayed throughout your years on YouTube and especially during this difficult time is something that people will benefit greatly from in the years to come, as many already have. You conduct is becoming not only of the finest members of the armed forces, but more importantly it is becoming of a good man. No one is perfect, but you have served as an inspiration to so many for so long. I salute you Mr. Harrell, and no matter what the days ahead may bring, I and many others both on this platform and elsewhere will not forget you. God bless you sir.
Paul, you're awesome - prayers continuing.  Greetings, Roy!
Love you Paul and God bless learned allot from you over these passing years you will be missed.
It was awesome while it lasted Paul, thanks for all the videos you’ve made and how much they’ve helped me learn about firearms. I welcome Roy’s introduction to keep the channel going, and God Bless
God bless you Paul. , I have been a fan for many years, and I have learned so much from you, while being entertained by your unique delivery and humor.  I wish you love and laughter, and most of all relief from what you have been going through.  Thank you for giving us Roy.  I am very glad the community that you created here will continue. Godspeed. My prayers are with you and your family. 🙏❤
I am filled with so much sorrow this morning. Thankyou for everything. I discovered you on my deployment when i was feeling a little down. Watched every one of your videos either once or twice. First channel i found interesting on a level that i needed. Thanks for everything
God bless you Paul and Roy. I will keep following for sure.
Best wishes Paul for a speedy and victorious return. Thank you for everything. I've learned so much. Welcome, Roy. I look forward to your presentations as well.
Get better Paul I hope you will be alright. Excited to see what Roy has in store for us all. THANK YOU ALL.
Clear and concise as always, Sir.  Godspeed.
Hi Roy, o7
Paul the legend!
Paul, thank you for sharing your time and knowledge with us. You and your team have helped a great many of us in many ways, ways that can't be quantified. I don't say I know you, but I know a facet of you. I believe you have made a positive difference in the world as a whole and I thank you for that. I celebrate your life, achievements, perspective and I'm thankful for your efforts!!!  Welcome Roy!!! I look forward to learning from and about the Harrell brothers!!!    To the team, thank you for your past, present and continued support in this endeavor.   Having almost lost my brother a year ago, enjoy your time together. Celebrate your combined and separate achievements and adventures.  (To qualify this statement, the night before my brother made his turn around, we were faced with the decision to terminate life support)  We all will be going through our own adjustments. Know that while I'll be watching and waiting, I'll do that with patience and respect. I'm sure this last bit is "understood", IMO, sometimes these things need to be said.  With all due respect and support, Thank you.
God bless you, Paul. Thanks for all the knowledge that you've passed on. I feel very fortunate to have met you, but that seems like a selfish thing to say. You are just as genuine in person as these videos. Thank you for all the work you've done.
god speed brother. i hope this video is just out of an over abundaance of caution, but in case its not, make sure to give barry from IV8888 a hug from all of us when you get up there and see him.   Best wishes from canada.
Paul, I can't thank you enough for the years of content and information you have shared. You've not only made the community, and YouTube a better place, but you've had a very positive impact on my life with the information and anecdotes you've shared. From the bottom of my heart, I thank you. God bless you, Paul.
Hi Roy
Take care, Paul!  Look forward to hearing from you every once a while.  And welcome Roy!
Dear Paul, I understand any word that I will say or tape here would not change a thing in our world. Nevertheless, I wish you a complete recovery and all the best things which you wish for yourself.
Dear Paul, I understand any word that I will say or tape here would not change a thing in our world. Nevertheless, I wish you a complete recovery and all the best things which you wish for yourself.
😢
I am so sorry. It was heartbreaking to hear you say that. Fuc cancer! From a survivor.
God bless you and Roy, I wish the best for you both.
Paul, you're the greatest of all-time. Thanks for everything you've given us. Roy, you've got really big shoes to fill, don't worry. You'll get there and impart your own unique style and learn from doing. All of us followers are a tightly-knit community, at least as YT followers go, we got your back every step of the way.
Welcome Roy !!!
Thank you so much Sir! I follow you for years and learned so much from you. A fellow soldier and LEO from Germany. You are not forgotten. 🤜🏻🤛🏻
Paul, may this give you comfort on your current journey.  “Death is not extinguishing the light; It is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come”.  Godspeed Paul.
Swift recoveries Paul 🙏🙏.  Welcome Roy.
God bless you, Brother! We all will die. The important thing is what we've done during our Life and you have done well!
Thank you for your content Paul, a fan from Finland.
Love you brother. Sorry it was a fight that couldnt be won.
Your awesome Paul, GL!
You have been a great source of knowledge and insight into this world we share. For many years I have enjoyed your content, humor and old school fasion sense. Sadly we must always part ways at some time. This has been a wonderful journey with you my friend.
I’ll respect your previous request that we don’t express empathy, condolences, sympathy or advice and just say…  Thank you for the years of great content, the wisdom you’ve shared, your unique humor, your vast knowledge, and, of course, the Shatner-like… pauses. Semper Fi, my friend, and welcome Roy.
God bless you, Paul.  Stay strong, Roy.
Ya think we can get Paul to a million subs now..
Fuck cancer
Sorry to hear about your condition Paul. God bless and take care.
Thanks, Paul. You're videos have been great, and I appreciate all that you have contributed, and will continue to contribute through your legacy, to the fire arms community.  You remain in my prayers, God be with you. ☦
Sir, you continue to be a man's man. You quietly exude class and inner strength. Thank you for all you've done and will continue to do. God bless you.
Paul, you're the man. Whether you're still here for another day, or 100 years, you're forever going to be known for the beacon of wisdom that you are. Thank you for all your brilliant videos, I'm sure your brother is just as wise.
well it's been a great 11-12 years brother
Hey Roy
Welcome Roy.
nice Hi Roy   Paul I have learned alot from you over the years.  I wish you eternal hunts without end and unlimited ammo
Nothing in the way of video works today. I’m winging this. It hasn’t been that long that I found you. And I miss you already. ❤️
Paul, you always reminded me of my father and I loved him with all my heart.  I'm a better man watching and listening to you both.  Yes Paul, you are loved by many.  Thank you, sir.
I owe almost all of my firearms and terminal ballistics knowledge to you Mr. Harrell.   I wish you well for your remaining earthly days and moreover your times to come in the hereafter
I raise my pop tarts to the sky.
Thanks for everything you've done, Paul.  You are an absolute legend!!!
Thank you so much for the knowledge and content that you have passed on over the years. It shall not be forgotten. May God bless you and your family.
Paul,   takes Mr white from breaking bad to step in . Your the best sir.🇨🇦
We love you Paul! ❤
Paul,  you truly will be missed.  You were an inspiration.  You were very direct,  explanatory,  and a very good presenter.  Lost my father in 2008 from the same issue,  wish you all the best and thoughts,  and prayers are with you.  SEMPER FI!
We love you Paul
I'm so sorry, Paul
Love this channel, whatever is going on, good luck in it
Well, damn. Just damn. Lookit, I've fought cancer 6x so far but been extraordinarily blessed (knock wood), so I know what that fight is all about all too well. Hell on earth, oftentimes...and admittedly, Paul is braver than I in his fight by all appearance. *Paul:* Know that we appreciate everything you've done for our country. Know that we even further are grateful for all these years of producing and presenting truly useful and educational information on such a vital subject as personal protection. Finally, know that whether you've asked for it or not, many of us are praying for you just the same. God bless you and yours and hope to see you soon, - Ed on the Ridge
Paul, I've enjoyed your videos and have learned a fair amount from them.  I'm generally not a praying man but said one today.  Godspeed Sir.
Thank you Paul for so much that I can't put into words. You made a positive difference in my life. Welcome Roy.
Devastating news.  You're one of a kind and have taught so many people so much over the years.  I will miss seeing you.  Thank you for everything you've done.
You're a legend Paul.
A salute to the Brothers Harrell. 🫡
Welcome, Roy!  Paul, you have been my favorite YouTube personality for years and I will miss you and all that you have yet to teach us all.  Roy, please do not feel that you need to fill Paul's shoes, as there are not, nor ever will never be, any other people like him.  Go ahead and find your niche, whatever that may be. A golf expert once told me not to watch pro golf to learn how to swing.  You will never hit the ball as far or as hard as they do and also retain accuracy.  I guess that means that even without totes full of metals you have much to offer. And we, the average shooters, will never win Paul's awards.  So, perhaps your experience on the job, knowledge of real-world confrontation, and years of discipline, will offer a new and equally valuable perspective.  I look forward to your future content.  Just please don't abandon the meat target!  Paul, I half-expected a hospital bed on the range as you passed the torch.  So glad your legacy is being preserved.
Godspeed Paul, I love you. Welcome, Roy!
Paul may God bless you. He sure blessed us with you. May you live and Rest In Peace you will be so missed.
Sounds like his cancer prognosis was grim, cuz what else is he getting busy with, that would cut into the time for video making? A new grandchild to participate in a life of? Surely not some deployment. Double shifts at work? This is work and i think paul is retired
I was afraid of this... FWIW Paul, your channel has been a gold mine-your style of presentation, your wit, and no-nonsense content helped eliminate many false concepts I had, coming from a non-gun family... Your legacy will live on, mission accomplished-thank you and Godspeed... Thank you for stepping in Roy and Crew,  all the best; Jesse
I'm sure they'll still have Paul come out to introduce the meat target.
Even though I was a Marine, I can tell Paul was one hell of a Soldier.🇺🇸 Semper Fidelis brother!
Love ya Paul
Just discovered the year before last. This is too soon for this. Prayers my friend for you and your family....
This was the hardest and most conflicting "Thumbs Up" I've ever done! This is really messing with me! I hope the comment section is wrong! My understanding was you'd injured your hip, and that was it! I pray God's speed in your recovery and your return,  God Bless You Paul!
Bump
Paul; please take all your determination, attitude and care to get healthy and recover. If anyone can you will! You are appreciated and I don't want to miss you
Thank you Paul for everything you've done for this community and I have learned so much from you over the years. Your presentations are something I'd watch all the time with my dad. 'til Valhalla brother.
Thank you for all your knowledge and experience you've shared over the years, Paul.
The impact that you have had on this community will stick around for generations and generations to come. Godspeed, traveller.
God bless you, Paul.  Thank you.
Thanks for all the anecdotes over the years, paul. I never minded your shatner  esque pauses.
😭😭😭 Nooo, this is so sad. Can't even bare to think about the inevitable outcome because you're such a valuable person Paul! We hope you can beat whatever is trying to take you out because you will definitely be missed. Everything from the  information you provide and the way you deliver it has been a blessing to everyone in this community. Get better sooner rather than later please!
Welcome Roy! Go in peace! You will be never forgett!
Mr. Harrel, Paul, you're a gentleman of the highest order and I appreciate what you've done in this world, even if I've only seen what you share here. I don't have anything but trite comments or break-room poster quality platitudes to offer beyond my thanks.
Good to hear it.  Knowing the channel is in good hands is one thing less on Paul's mind.  Take care.
Welcome Roy.  Paul it's been a pleasure to have watched so many of your outstanding videos through the years.  Not sure if they have guns in eternity, but even if not I sure hope you've taken care of plans for the next life since my chances of getting to meet and visit with you personally on this side seem to be growing slim.
I'm 66, lost my wife and love of my life 6 months ago, and having caridac problems that are serious enough to see several cardiologists and create doubt for the future.  This just seems like another gut punch. Always watched Paul from very near the beginning of his channel. Being forced to retire soon, so if Paul makes it to more gun shows I'm going to make a special effort to get there and shake his hand for years of humor, education and camaraderie. Time moves on and things change but I don't have to like it. God Speed Paul for the wonderful years. Your Thanksgiving and Christmas Specials this year were a lifesaver.
Oh man, Paul. You’re one of a kind and will be greatly missed.  If you want the best healing I’m a pro like you are with your work and I help for free and it’s easy to do also.  Always helping people like this for free and for so many years healing the right way of Gods.  It’s cheap and easy.   But if not all the best to you brother.
Paul, If you feel up to it, Could you please do a piece on the 5 weapons you should take with you to the next level?  With your master story telling It might just be the best legacy you could leave us with.
Love you for all that you’ve done here Paul. Your bravery is also so refreshing.
Welcome Roy and thank you for helping with the content. Paul, please keep posting updates and just videos of you talking. It doesn’t have to be from a range. There are many of us who just love to hear what your stories.
*Thank you, Sir.*
is Paul leaving or something?
Already miss you Paul. But welcome Roy
The world desperately needs more men like Paul Harrell. Men of great courage , integrity, wisdom & character!  🙏
Paul, may God Bless you and your family. I sincerely hope you are a Christian and you have accepted Jesus as your Savior. I will continue to pray for you, your family and friends.
Paul: As a fairly young firearms enthusiast finding your channel was one of the greatest resources for learning I could've hoped to have come across. I am incredibly grateful for all the good information you've put out over the years and the holiday specials & poptart man memes aping Marlboro always put a smile on my face. Thank you so much. A real Oregonian treasure.  Roy: Welcome, If you're anything like your brother I'm sure you'll be a fantastic teacher.
Love you Paul, love you Roy.
Paul Harrell is the Number 1 gun tuber. Meat target. Greatest thing ever. Hopefully on good days we get a cameo or two from Paul. Good to meet Roy. God bless you and your family. As always, thanks for quality content.
Thank you for everything! All the best!
If this means what I think it does, Paul, I am profoundly sad. You are a class act and an honorable man. I thank you for your contributions to the gun enthusiast world and your service to the country. Fight to the end, soldier. Miracles can happen.
Paul, your wisdom continues to educate those who need it. Rest assured knowing Roy will continue what you started.
That is a massive dude!
😢
😢
Job well done Paul Semper fi
Godspeed Paul, we're all gonna miss you immensely 😢 Roy, I wish you the best in filling Paul's shoes. If anyone can do it, it would probably be you
You will be exonerated 🫡
Welcome to the community Roy.
Hello, Roy. Glad to see you’re helping your brother.
Godspeed Paul,  And thank you for everything
So I guess the cancer is lethal... That's really unfortunate. You've taught me a lot of valuable information and I'm really grateful for that. Go with God.
Hi Roy, glad to see you on the show! :)
Paul I think now would be a good time instead of filming gun-related training videos start filming some of your life stories from the military and policing that would be pretty cool and make a small collection to have for your brother to upload over the years maybe on holidays or something.
Did I miss something? Where is Paul going and why?
Thanks Paul for all the great info you have provided us all over the years.
Paul, you look a lot like my dad before he grew a beard. Feel better and come back soon.
Dear Paul,  I was not prepared to write this message. You are my favorite youtuber of all time and I have enjoyed, cherished, watched, and quoted all of videos. Some I have watched maybe 5 times or more and they always seem new and fresh and packed with information. Your videos always put me in a better mood when I'm feeling down and no one will ever be so smart and so funny the way you are. You will forever be remembered and immortalized through your more than a decade of work on this platform. Thank you so much for sharing yourself with us. We will forever be better for it.   "Damned the Torpedoes, Full Speed Ahead" - Adm. David Farragut
Take care brother, you are much loved.
God damnit, is it just me or is it really dusty in here.  I think I got something in my eyes.
Thank you, Paul, for everything you've done for this community; we'll miss you. Welcome, Roy!
Not Paul 😕.   You are Among the best guys out there.   You are missed already Paul. 😢
Paul, idk what to say besides thank you for the years of entertainment and education.
I wish you the best Paul, welcome to the channel Roy.
I learned so much from your videos. I wish you all the best Mr. Harrell.
Why is Paul leaving?   What happened?
If he's got you're blessing then he's got my interest. Go down swinging bro.👍
Love you Paul. Godspeed. ❤
God bless you both!
Thank you for everything you've done for the firearms community. Godspeed.  Roy, nice to meet you and I look forward to future videos.
Fucking cancer 👎👎. I’ll buy your roadrunner Paul! Welcome Roy with a shatter-esk pause.
cipro is your only chance,  and tet
Please rest assured, Mr. Harrell, you will remain in our hearts and memories for many years to come, as well as your videos which we will continue to watch again and again. We have learned so much from you.
Why??
Damnnnnn we are losing paul
Very sad day, to say the least. What an outstanding service you have provided, Paul. Welcome and good luck to Roy who has to be affected more by this than any of the viewers.
All the best wishes to you, Paul! Roy, welcome!
Welcome, Roy! Paul, you will be missed more than I can explain.
I couldn’t have gotten into guns without you, Paul.   Back in 2020 when my personal safety situation necessitated I needed a firearm, your channel was one of the first I landed on that clicked with me. It didn’t have the political bent, the nonsense, the hyperbole of other channels. You were the first person who made me feel like a firearm was right for me, and indirectly may have saved my life later.   God speed, sir.
Your dry humor is going to be missed, and Your no nonsense approach to the topics of your videos. The "meat target" Should be named in Your name and used as an industry standard! It mimics the true nature of the human body, you never know how it will react to different things! When You meet the creator put him in line! ❤❤❤
Thank you for all of the knowledge you’ve given us Mr. Harrel. If anyone deserved 1 million subs it would be you.
❤ Paul
Paul...
Sincerely, thank you Paul. I’ve immensely enjoyed your content , experience, and your personality  over the years. I will especially miss your thanksgiving specials. I will pray for a miraculous recovery, and if that’s not meant to be, an easy passing. Rest well, and goodbye.
Roy, you have my full support.  Paul, you are a legend and regardless of your faith outlook, I'm praying for you.  All the best, Steve
Well this should give us some new content for Frequently Asked Questions 9 at least
God bless you Paul.
God Bless you Paul, thank you for everything. And Roy, welcome to the channel and look forward to seeing you more.
Thank you for your service.
Roy seems a very capable guy technically speaking. While continuing such accomplished legacy, like Paul's, is a challenge for anyone, he should be confident and less shy, because we have as much confidence in him as Paul has.  Still, if possible, we would love to hear some Paul anecdotes sometime if possible.
God bless you, Paul! You are the best and you did your best. Semper fidelis!
never thought this day would come
Thank you for the laughs and education Paul.
Take care Paul!!! Welcome to you Roy!!!
Goodbye Paul.
I’m so sorry to hear that Paul. You will be missed !!!  Maybe if you are up to it you could just sit and regail us with those long stories you never had time to tell !!!
Good to see you Paul and keep on keeping on.  Thank you sir
Damn...
May you walk with Jesus. God bless
Thank you Paul! I am hopeful to see you in the next Great Adventure.
Paul. I will never forget about you. You will long after you are not on my YouTube feed. Thank you for everything you’ve done in your life.
I would hope to see you again sometime, my next stop to that one place is the 13th.  If I dont see you again, it's been an honor to meet you.  Your content has been my favorite to search for..  You will be greatly missed.
Roy seems cool!
You will be missed, and long remembered. Hopefully you will return.
Salute
You’re a good man Paul. Thank you for everything.
❤
Gonna miss Pual being the one  on the camera but hey Roy seems to be at a close level of experience to Pual, I wonder if they will change the channel name also Roy sounds more professional while Paul sounds more serious I also wonder if Roy will make some jokes like Paul does
Thank you Paul and thank you Roy for your willingness to continue to provide education and content.
May God bless you and keep you by His grace, Paul.
I'm sorry to hear about this. Prayers for you Paul. I'll still keep watching as long as the information is still consistent. To help you out a bit. I like the chronograph and comparison with things like the meat target. It gives a different perspective on how bullets preform on a different target. And I can see ballistics jell from others. I like to compare your results with others using ballistics jell. It provides a great dynamic comparison. Ammunition testing is my favorite reason I watch your videos. They provide great information and I feel like I'm able to make better choices for testing in my own guns. And I don't waist money gimmick Ammunition that doesn't work right
We love you paul <3 also welcome roy
I have learned so much from your channel, Paul.  Thank you.
Not the video any of us were hoping to watch, but we appreciate the send off Paul.  This channel was and is the only firearms channel that took itself seriously while still having a good time. There are no gimmicks, advertising, clickbait thumbnails, and no bs, just good information presented by a man that is clearly a master in his field.   Paul, you will be leaving behind a treasure trove of wisdom in this series and your passing will be a major loss for the world.   We will miss listening to your anecdotes and wish you all the best.   I’m glad to see Roy will be carrying the torch in your absence, these are huge shoes to fill, and I also wish him the best in this endeavor.   Godspeed Paul.
Got me crying on a Saturday morning, gonna have a Pop-Tart in your honor Paul!!!
Keep fighting brother
Thank you Paul for everything you have shared with us!  I've learned so much from your videos😢❤  Welcome Roy!
Paul hang in there buddy. Keep strong in your mind and heart. 🤙 Mahalo for all the great entertainment
Thanks Paul for all you did! Take care!
Paul is a Marine he can shoot!! Roy is NOT a Marine he is an un-educated cop who really does not know much about firearms.  I will watch Paul and I will support Paul.    Roy I will NOT watch and I will NOT support since he is just a Cop.  After I retired from The Marines I started training law enforcement in my State so I know all about cops.  Get feeling better Paul hope to see you soon.
Welcome roy
Thank you for all of your hard work and dedication.
Gonna miss you Paul! You carried the touch for a long time. Now is time to site down and let your self rest n recover.   Roy seem to be capable. Can wait to hear a long anecdote with some caveats from Roy. I beat there are some good coming our way :)
God bless, Paul.
Fuck cancer
Going to miss you.😢
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Hi Roy:  I will stick with the brand.  Paul, thank you for the time we had. You are the, best!
💥👊💥 Paul hang tough. Roy welcome! 🇺🇸
I'm Vietnamese, I don't have a gun and I don't think I will ever have one. But every one of Paul's videos teaches me something, not only how to defend myself but also how to view the world. Thank you Paul, for everything.
Wow so many great videos Paul. You will be greatly missed.
5 months ago Paul specifically asked to be spared condolences, so I will oblige. Still I want to reiterate what many commenters have pointed out before: Paul has left a mark on the world on and off of YouTube and his videos have and will continue to educate, advocate for and, in his own, rather unique way, entertain firearms enthusiasts for a long time to come. A big thank you to Paul for all the work he has done for us and I am sure Roy will carry on well with the channel.
Level up for us Paul !  See ya there.
Godspeed Paul. You have taught a lot of people a lot of things. Thank you.
Happy trails Paul. Thank you for all you've shared with the world.
You are with us Paul and we all are praying for you my brother!
Paul has been my favorite teacher for a long time.  He’s in a class of his own.
God bless you Paul
Short and sweet. Welcome Roy! Stay strong Paul! Love and good thoughts! 💪
Thanks for all the great lessons, Paul! You are a force for Good in the world.
Paul, this old marine will miss you. Semper Fidelis brother.
So are we to assume the worst?
Paul, all the best. I'm going to miss you man. I wish I had gotten the chance to meet you in person. It just sucks. You are quite an inspiration though and your professionalism and composure is admirable. Hey Roy, it is good to meet you. I am glad you are continuing the channel. Sorry, for all the suck, that is going down right now. We can't be there for you, but I will stick with you on the channel in the future, through the rough spots fwiw. I wish I could do more. My guess is no one can at this point. It is very sad and my heart goes out to you both, your families & friends.
Thank you Paul for everything you have done!  I wish I could express how much I have enjoyed your content over the years.  Simple plain truths with no tattoo ridden, former operator tacticool nonsense.  God Bless you and I will keep you in my prayers!
Bro I know this has to be hard for the both of you. Godspeed paul and Roy.
Paul, Thank you for sharing your knowledge and your sense of humor. Idk what's going on, but I get the feeling it's not great news. I've sincerely appreciated you and the time you've spent here. You have left your mark on this world. Yah bless and keep you sir. Respect, EJ
Another legend in the 2A community on his way out the door. Kept it short and to the point. Classic Paul that we've gotten to know over the years! Godspeed.
Damn
Paul I always enjoyed watching and learning from your videos, love your presentation and your effort and everything else about you and what you do. I hope your able to recover and enjoy a few more longer years out of your life, at least the ones you have left to the fullest extent of your will. God bless you Paul
Welcome, Roy. Paul, your ability to keep a level head has lifted you above the rest of your competitors. All people are somewhat hampered by the emotional side of the brain; you've succeeded in keeping that part of yourself in check when it's been necessary, to a degree that few will ever achieve. Thank you for your decades of hard work, and for sharing a significant part of that work with us, the public.
Paul, my heart just dropped to my stomach. I am at complete loss for words sir. You will be sorely missed. Thank you for all you have done for us. I truly hope you will be able to pop in periodically.
:( I'm happy to hear you have plans for the channel, but it won't be the same without you. Thank you so much for what you've done for us.
Hi Paul, just wanna let you know I love everything you’ve done over these years and you’ve taught me so many things about life and firearms I just wanna say thank you
God bless you and your brother, Paul. Enjoy it as much as you can.
Thank you Paul. Wishing you peace and comfort.
Wish you the best
Love you Paul, take it easy.   Hello Roy
Paul thanks for everything and we will miss you. Just know you'll live forever in every person you touched and educated through YouTube. You truly are an Icon and an inspiration. God Bless you!
I'm sure this will take time to get used to just as any change does, but Roy seems more than capable of meeting the challenge.  Paul, whatever has changed in your situation, thank you for the years of informative content you have provided. I sincerely hope the lessons will carry on long after both you and this platform have become absent.
Thanks for all you've done Paul.  All the very, very best to your health and family.  Great to meet your Brother Roy.  God Bless 🙏✝💛.
Cancer is thought to be a parasite with new research. You have nothing to lose by trying the banned horse dewormer. I also suggest Lion diet. Dramatically help my heart.
You will be sorely missed Paul
Nooo what's happening? :(
Thank you for everything Paul.
Godspeed sir, wishing you the best
Paul, The grace that you have shown since learning about your disease has been your most powerful lesson. You are a good man. I have learned so much from you and will always hold you in the highest regard.
Thanks for all the wisdom and insight, Paul. 💪👊🏻
We will miss you Paul!
The Paul and Roy show. Understand that physically Paul your not up to it now and thats understandable. But you can still do the talking parts . Roy Welcome between you and Paul it will work out just fine 👍.
Thank you Paul for every bit of knowledge and video that you do for us and I am holding thumbs for your health. May your journey be one of peace.  To Roy: thank you for stepping in to continue with the Channel. Goodluck with your journey and may it be a good one. You dont have to be Paul, or try to be Paul. Just be Roy and the rest will follow.
My heart is with you Paul.
Yeah but has Roy killed anyone?
I look forward to seeing you start making videos for your brother's channel, Roy. I know the circumstances surrounding this change of responsibility are less than ideal, but I wish you all of the success in the world as you carry on his legacy. I am confident that you will put your own special mark on this channel like Paul has and that it will continue to keep educating and entertaining shooting enthusiasts with its own special brand of quirkiness that makes viewers want to come back for more.
We’ll miss you, Paul. Thank you for all the fantastic videos you’ve put out over the years, the information you’ve shared, and the anecdotes you’ve told. God bless you.
Love and prayers to you Paul and your brother Roy.
Many years of valuable content and fun and inserting story's. For what its worth from a follower over the years, Thank you paul Harrell ❤
❤❤❤
I'm looking forward to seeing more of you Roy.
Paul ... we love you!  We welcome your brother, Roy with open arms
My best to you Paul, welcome Roy
You'll be missed, Paul.
thank you for all did Paul
Thank you for all the years of top notch instruction and for being one of the best teachers of our time.
our hearts are with you, Paul. ❤️.   I won’t pretend to be an expert on cancer, but please look into alternatives to the standard treatment
Welcome brother Roy…, look forward to your videos. Thank you sir. P.S., brother Paul, you hang in there too, we all pulling for you every step of the way.
That opening did a weird thing to my heart and eyes balls felt a bit of excess moisture. God Speed Paul. I am keeping you in prayer. We love you hear anything from you range or not. You are THE BEST guntuber ever Sir. We love you!
Paul, you're great. I know Roy will be great as well. We'll miss you. God bless.
Thank you Paul for all the dedication and knowledge that you have shared with us in these past years. There will never be another Paul Harrell and we will always cherish the time we were able to spend with you through this platform.
I thought "no way that's his brother" then he started talking
Glad to meet you, Roy.  Paul, I will miss your regular educational videos.  Godspeed.
❤
God bless you Paul I hope you do well I will be praying for you
Paul… the best wishes to you. Thank you so much for all that you have produced. I will continue to support this channel as long as it helps you and your family.
Sure going to miss you Paul. Welcome Roy glad to have you.
Thank you Paul, for all you have shared with us!
That's unfortunate.
Paul, I know none of us know you personally, but we really will miss you. Your commentary and professional attitude was always a breath of fresh air in the online firearms community and in general. your open mindedness has inspired me to try to be the same in my life, instead of making assumptions.   We will all remember you Paul Harrell.
There is no one to replace you Paul. I have no real interest in guns or the culture surrounding them but I watch to see you and I am entertained by your unique style. When you go, I go. Thank you for all you've done.
Roy gonna be teachin us how to make methamphetamine
I wish you peace in your journey Paul it's a journey I've seen many men take working with cancer  patients you are truly a very stoic man .
Thank you, Roy! Love you, Paul.
Hello Roy!
You will be missed Paul. Thank you for all the education and laughs you have provided over the years. Welcome Roy.
I hate hearing this.  Paul, you are a good man.  One who has helped educate many with facts and example all the while doing it with humor and never taking yourself too seriously.    Not giving you pity or advice,  just a hearty THANK YOU for all you have done and prayers for you going forward.
Gonna miss you Paul. You created an amazing channel.
Praying for healing, recovery & peace.
God Bless you Paul 🙏🏻😪
You’ll always been in my thoughts, Paul.  Your channel has been the best, no nonsense, informative channel on YouTube.  I’ll watch Roy as I would you, I hope you both keep the content up.
i look forward to seeing roy, but this makes me very sad. be well, paul.
Hello Roy. Thanks for all the videos, Paul.
Paul, I want to thank you for all the information and anecdotes you have shared over the years. In my mine you are one of the classic legends in the gun information world, and one of my personal favorites. I am sorry to hear things are going the way they are and I hope you can spend as much time with your family as you can while you are still able. I re watch a lot of these presentations that you have done and consider them a wealth of information. I will especially miss the thanksgiving specials. Roy, I am looking forward to your anecdotes. I also would like to request that you still use the new and improved meat target from time to time.
Thank you Paul for everything.
Paul, thank you for your service both in the military and in pursuit of firearms knowledge, safety, and proficiency. You’re a classy guy and I have a lot of respect for you. I’ll definitely stay subscribed and look forward to what Roy and the rest of the crew will bring.   If your time on earth is drawing to a close as you seem to think, I pray your last days may be peaceful and filled with good memories. “Let us cross over the River, and rest under the shade of the trees.” -Stonewall Jackson’s last words
Paul,  I wish you the best on your journey!  Nice to meet you Roy.  Good luck!  Paul wears a big shoe.  Sorry to see you go. Get ‘em Roy!
Welcome Roy! Be well Paul. Prayers for a speedy recovery.
God speed Mr. Harrell. Your memory will live on!
Wishing you all the best Paul, thanks for everything you have taught me over the years.
I'm sorry for what you're going through. I've never met you yet it makes me so sad that you are going through this. I know you don't want people praying for you but you can't stop me Paul, I'm what you call a professional. I love you man!
Thank you for sharing your awesome videos Paul.
For someone who is so adamant about not invoking public attention to his misfortune, the crutch scene is very dramatic; kind of "on the nose"... I am only saying this because it is my hope that this whole thing is some sort of bad joke or at least a lie. Mr. Harrel is a source of riveting entertainment, if not life-saving advice and a fighter on our side. I'd be fine with things not actually being as bad as they are made to seem!
Great to meet you, Roy. Thank you for taking the torch. Paul. Thank you.
Paul, I can only say thank you for everything you have shared with us throughout the years. You will be missed.   Roy, I look forward to seeing you carry the torch in your own way.
When a 'legend' moves on - a 'legacy' is born.
Thank you for all the amazing content over the years, Paul. I look forward to seeing Roy lead the channel. Wishing you the best!
Roy seems like a pretty good dude.  Something a little different might not be too bad.  Still a bit sad that Paul's time with us is nearing its end.  It's been fun, for real.
I’m with you Roy and thank you Paul for the knowledge you have passed onto me.
What a gut punch this morning..  I have learned so much from you over the years. Thank you so much Paul for your time and energy you have given to teach us your vast knowledge on firearms, cooking and how to deal with idiots. I hope you know you’re an inspiration to many and will continue to be as long as YouTube exists! I often dreamed about sharing a pack of pop tarts with you on the range, as we spend the day shooting meat targets and orange soda jugs! Thank you for your service, Sir!
Sad to hear that time is running out. I hope you can find some comfort knowing that you and your content will live on forever on the internet. Would be great if you spent your remaining time giving us some more insight into your life and career, but I understand if you still want to keep that private. Godspeed Paul
What devastating news. Ive always admired your badass style and class. A real man to look up to...peace!
Welcome to the front screen Roy I'm excited to see what content you put out.  Paul, thank you sir for your years of expert knowledge and Godspeed.
Roy I look forward to it
Wait what? Did I miss something?
Welcome to the club Roy! Happy to have you.
Welcome Roy, and to Paul get well.
Your content has changed the way I handle firearms and think about defensive situations for the better.  Thank you for everything Paul.    Welcome Roy!  Best wishes to Paul and the Harrell family.
Can we call him, "Evil Roy?"
From the other side of the world, and as a cancer survivor myself, I want to see you here for a long time. (nothing personal, Roy. I'm sure you'll do an amazing job while Paul recovers)
Welcome to the channel, Roy!
Salute.
Gents, post 50 get an annual PSA check and gene marker for pancreatic. What pisses me off is that he should have millions of subs by now.
First off, welcome Roy. Looking forward to your content.  For Paul, thank you for all that you have given us. The information, wisdom, the laughs, and the years of entertainment. Wishing you well and Godspeed.
Cocain VS MSG Obamacare vs Medficare?  Operation Tiberius?.
Hello, Roy.   You're a legend, Paul. All things  must pass. I choose to celebrate everything you've brought to the table and taught us, rather than despair.
Thank you paul, you will not be forgotten.
Thanks Paul for all of the wonderful knowledge and plethora of anecdotes throughout the years. Take care!
Professor P Harrel,  we will miss you and wish you all the best given your circumstances.  Hello Professor R Harrel,  Thank you for taking up the demonstrations.
This is like Blues Clues when Steve introduced Joe.
God bless you, Paul 🙏 You have taught us so much over the years. I intend on following your brother out of my great respect for you.
Welcome Roy! You certainly have a big task ahead of you, but I believe you will receive a huge amount of support. Best wishes for Paul, he will be severely missed .
Roy is a great guy , personal friend , and very knowledgeable. I know he will do well. Paul you will be deeply missed.
Don’t know you Paul, other than from this channel, but I will miss your content and personality, and I do wish you the best, as in what you see is the best, given your situation. As for the future of the channel, I’ll be watching with interest.
Hey Paul, thanks for all of your hard work. I've learned a lot from your content, and hope to continue learning from your brother. God bless you and your family, hope to see you back soon.
Well damn... Godspeed Paul.. whatever happens may you know there are millions out here who have loved watching your content over the years and wish you nothing but the best with whatever time you have left.
What’s happening? Why is Paul leaving?
Well that's both a relief and sad. Thanks for everything so far and looking into the future. Hell I'm 70....!
Paul, your channel is a textbook example of “enough of a difference to make a difference.“ Roy has big shoes to fill
God bless you Paul
Hi, Paul. I don't think I've ever commented on one of your videos previously, but I have been watching them regularly for the past few years. I have always found your videos to be both educational and entertaining. And you always come across very much as one of the good guys. I am very sorry that things have come to this. It is another reminder (amongst a sea of warnings) that life is fleeting. I wish you all the strength and best wishes in the time that you have left. And hold on to your good sense of humour.
We'll miss you Paul. However we welcome Roy with open arms
Lost my mom to Leukemia a few months ago. She knew for 3 months it was over. The worst possible thing. Your composure and dedication is unmatched. Thank you for everything you've taught me Paul.
You will be missed sir, thanks for all the great videos.
Paul, the deepest thanks for the work you've done to teach us what you have.  Roy, thank you for stepping up and continuing what clearly is something of a Harrel trait.  Teaching and protecting those willing to learn from you.    And if I may ask, while you Paul are still with us, that you and Roy, as part of the transition, consider what you each think of something that could be shown as Best-Of videos.    PS There's some funny stuff back in those archives.  Let's not forget those
God bless Paul, Roy, and the whole family and crew.
Take care of yourself, Paul.
Damn.   I can't even think of anything else to say.
Awesome to have your here Roy, wishing you the best Paul.
Happy New Year.
Whatever happens be at peace you have an excellent legacy.
First, Paul, you will be missed.  About that there is no doubt whatsoever.  I hope you will be able to enjoy the remainder of your time. Second, welcome Roy!  It will be different, your brother is real tough act to follow.  Looking forward to the continuation of this channel.
Will miss you,  hopefully back soon....best to you Paul, you are the man.  Look forward to getting to know Roy.
Best wishes to you and your significant other.
Long ago and far away, I married a man who enjoyed all things firearm related. For twenty plus years, he tried to impart his love and his knowledge to me. I wouldn´t say his lessons fell on deaf ears, but they didn´t get well absorbed. One day, I found Paul Harrell.   You became the touchstone. If I didn´t understand a concept or wanted clarity, you had made a video about it.  When I have gone to the range, I give out business cards with your channel information to all of the women I encounter.  Paul, you were able to give clarity and perspective that I needed to appreciate the science, data, and passion for firearms.   Thank you for everything you do and have done.   Roy , thank you for continuing the legacy.
Speechless
Nice to meet you Roy. Thanks Paul for all the videos you have put out there. It has really been a pleasure watching and learning from your channel. I wish you the best.
Ugh, I am sad. Fight on Paul!
Love and respect to the whole Harrell family!
Gotta work on getting comfortable being recorded. Might try pretending you're having a conversation with another person instead of a camera.
😢
We love you Paul. Welcome Roy!
Roy, I welcome you, with the knowledge that carrying on for your brother will be very tough. Paul, your contribution to the firearms world has been immense. To say you’ll be missed would be the world’s biggest understatement.
Praying for a miracle for Paul. Hope your time is spent indulging in family, muscle cars, firearms, and the joys of life.  Welcome Roy, looking forward to more quality content from this channel. It's the best.
Hi, Roy! Love you, Paul.
Will miss you, Paul. Learned alot from you. God bless your family and Godspeed. Welcome, Roy.
link to vid explaining Paul's med condition??
👍
❤😊
Well this hit like a ton of bricks. I've been watching you since I was young, and your videos provided me with a great base for shooting, and an even better understanding of some of the petty squabbles and anachronisms I'd fine in the hobby.  Thanks, Paul. Never was there a better one.
I’m here every day! I will be! :) all the love in the world
looking forward to the new content but also saddened by the necessary step back by Paul.
LONG LIVE KING PAUL!!!!
I’ll be the first to say: *FUCK YOU CANCER*
All the best sir. I shall be watching reruns for some time.
If you have Paul’s support you’ll have ours! Welcome!
Love this channel, will be some getting used to seeing/listening to another host from time to time. It’s the content and the honesty of the channel format which I appreciate. I’m a creature of habit and don’t welcome change but ironically I generally embrace new technology, methods if they prove to be advantageous. Yes I know I’m the epitome of contradiction.
Thank you for everything, Paul. We'll miss you greatly.
Paul said recently they caught the cancer early and he'll be around for many more years; why is everyone commenting now as if he's going to pass away soon?
I'm going to miss you Paul. I showed you to my former Marine uncle who never really uses the internet and you immediately became his favorite youtuber. I knew that he would love you because he is very similar to you. Keep on fighting and a big welcome to your brother, Roy.
THANK YOU MR. HARRELL! WE TRUST U & YOUR BROTHER.  GOD BLESS!
This message hit like a ton of bricks. Not sure what to say.
Roy seems like a good guy for sure.  But let's be honest: No one else on earth can replace Paul Harrell.  I am sad beyond words.  This is just awful.
All positive thought, prayers and blessings to you Paul.   Obviously, we will welcome Roy, but it is hard to overstate how much you will be missed, Paul.
Thank you for what you have done for the community and for us
i'm in shock!  God Bless Roy but there is no replacing Paul.  His skill, knowledge, dry whit, and blunt personality make him unique.  i am sad as a fan that we never pushed the subscriptions over 1 million.  Paul is simply the best.
I don't typically comment on your videos, but I will for this one. You've been a wealth of knowledge and entertainment to me over the years. Thank you, Paul.
Godspeed, Paul. From someone fighting cancer myself right now, as well as caring for my father who has late stage terminal cancer. So many, including myself, are better off for the knowledge you've shared with the world.
I learned much from watching your videos, Paul Harrell, and I had some good laughs along the way. Warm regards to you and your family.
I'm so saddened by the news. God speed to you Mr. Harrell
Your videos go well beyond gun and outdoor content.  Thank you Paul.
I hope you have a decent amount of time left Paul but i want to say it's been an absolute pleasure to follow your channel and watch your videos. You are among legendary status in a lot of the facebook group's im in. One of my favorite things i saw someone made of you was a video of you shooting rifle rounds and measuring how fast they came out and someone changed it to you killing people through time so it was like you shot and called out the year the round hit. You are truly an amazing person and i will pray you can find comfort in Jesus and get to go home and ill see you there later.
Thank you for all the best educational vidoes on youtube, where you taught me so much.  Thanks from my heart for the all the holiday videos where you kept me company.
Most importantly, Roy appears to have the same Shatneresque pauses that Paul has.
Will definitely miss you Paul. Will wish the new guys the best and watch their content.
This is an absolute gut punch.  As a fellow Oregonian your content held a special place for me.  I'm hoping for the best for you Paul
The end of an era, Paul. I welcome brother Roy.  Perry P. SoCal
Roy:  A man of few words. Paul: You rock!
I'm sorry to hear about the bad news and wish you a speedy recovery.
F*** cancer right in the ear. We all wish you the best, you are a great teacher and fun to watch. Hope this isn't your last video, but if it is, thank you from one dumb-ass redneck who has really appreciated your hard work and humor. Take care of yourself, and one of these days release that video of you kicking Chuck Norrises ass. Roy, welcome aboard! You have some big boots to fill and take good care of your bro, he's kind of beloved by a lot of folks.
Been watching you since you only had a couple of thousand subs.  Loved all your videos and I've learned lots from you. I particularly like your scientific no nonsense approach.  You are without a shadow of doubt the best, most interesting, most knowledgeable 'gun guy' on youtube.  As a Brit most of your content it is just for interest as apart from shotguns we don't really do guns here....  You will be sorely missed :(
We would greatly appreciate updates from time to time on your health
Gonna miss you Paul, Godspeed sir You're the best guntuber on this platform. Welcome Roy
Okay, I'll be honest, this makes me tear up. Any man who records a "shooting from under the covers" video -- with different types of handguns... in bed outdoors -- in the rain! ... with wry humor and one gigantic 6- gun -- "chances are if you're sleeping with this you ARE sleeping alone" -- is a creative, comic genius always to be cherished.
Brief and to the point, i like Roy.
Hi Roy , it's a shame Paul has to take a break from making these videos , but His health is far more important than satisfying the demands of producing & presenting these videos . I'm sure You'll do a sterling job of presenting the show , Thank You for stepping in , be warned You have big boots to fill and some people are never happy . Get Well soon Paul  and good Luck  Roy. Shoot Straight Stay Safe & Stay Well .
Thanks for everything Paul!!!
Are you gonna change the channel to Roy Harrell? God bless you Paul, you are an example for all.
Just lost my dad to pancreatic cancer a few months ago. I'm sorry for you Paul. You will be missed.
All the way from the UK - never held a gun in my life but I've really enjoyed your videos over the years....
Gut punch. Paul is fantastic and I will never understand why certain things happen, you have helped so many people in ways you can’t even quantify. Good luck Sir Harrell.
Thank you Paul for everything you have shared and your time making these videos. I greatly enjoyed meeting you at the local gun show a few years back.  Going to miss your Shatner-esque pauses and 'dry' humor but understand you need the time.  So again , thank you Paul for everything and I'll embrace/welcome Roy to the 'family'.  Be well and take care Mr. Harrell.
What is affecting Paul? Im a long time follower 30k subs era and i cant believe im not up to date. Unfair to think good folk like him having this trouble. Oh and: Welcome Roy! Stories and anecdotes are all we need!
Semper Fi brother!
Met him once at the gun show in Rickreall. Paul's a good man and my friends and I wish him the best
Man, what a shame. Paul is irreplaceable. I imagine this channel will go the way of Yeager's. Hope Paul's family will still earn money off his old vids.
god bless you paul, and god luck too roy
Going to miss you Paul, sincerely wish we could've made it to one of the many events you and your team were at. Thank you for the all you've done.
The day this community stood still coupled with the day that it carried on. Keep up the good fight sir. Everyone is behind you both 110%!
Thank you for everything Paul. You are the greatest
Keep up, Paul! You shared with us so much knowledge, a few people can even dare to learn. I hope and pray you will be ok, it happens all the time that doctors do miracles, but I hope and pray, that in your case no miracle will be required - you will defeat it like you always do: step by step, in a very gentlemanly manner, with quiet strength.
Loosing Paul feels like losing Socrates (again).   I've encountered few people in this world that understand that different experiences means different opinions, and different doesn't mean wrong. And that due to changing environments and landscapes, everyone can be different and everyone still be correct, and because of this, we should set aside our egos and accept others on that fact alone.  His "how to recognize a fake expert" and "how to recognize an expert" videos alone are philosophy to be treasured for a millenium to come.  I'm not sure what the nature is of Paul no longer doing these videos, but I for one will consider it a tragic loss. Godspeed, Paul. And God bless.
Godspeed Paul
Welcome, Roy!
Thank you for all the work you've put in on your videos and best wishes to you and your family.
Hey Roy! 👋
Hi brother Roy. Glad the channel has this support. Paul thanks for the knowledge that works best for you and I decide if it’s best for me instruction. And the meat targets.
Paul keep fighting brother if anyone can beat it you can.
My heart sank whenever I didn't hear that all too familiar phrase. "So please bear with gunfire you may hear in the background."  Anyhow, glad to meet you Roy
Thank you for all your efforts! We welcome you Roy!
If ever there was a man who will leave a legacy of humble, professional, thoughtful and extraordinarily informative content on YouTube, it will be, without question, Paul Harrell.
I feel like I'm losing a close friend. This really hurt to watch.
Once again, Paul is setting an example for all of us how to face adversity with his head held high and on his own terms. We love you, Paul and thank you for showing us youngsters how to be men.
I dont think Ive ever commented here but Ive been here for years and have watched nearly every video you have put out Paul. I just want to say thank you, I wish there was something else I could do or say. But, just thank you Paul. Godspeed.
Paul, I’ve enjoyed your videos for years and years. I hope you know how much of an impact you make on the firearms community. You also deliver information in the exact format that I prefer to intake information. I’ll really miss you making new content, but the videos you’ve produced will carry on long after you.  Thanks again for all that you do.
I don't enjoy change. That still doesn't mean I'm going anywhere 😅 Loyal audience member, here to stay 🫡 Have a blessed day 🙏
Damn it Paul... Your videos are always too short. Stick around.
Hi, we're out at my "funeral" today at the Pacific View Memorial Gardens and crematory in Lincoln City, Oregon. Please bear with the sound of mourning in the background. Today, we'll be discussing the difference between being "alive" and as some might say these days, being "un-alive". Now, many of us have a natural predisposition for fearing our own transition into becoming "un-alive", but that fear comes with a couple of caveats. For starters, you'll notice you will save a lot of money on buying groceries once your mortal body ceases to require caloric intake. Secondly, the stress of picking out clothes and getting dressed in the morning is alleviated by the virtue of only needing to wear one outfit for the rest of eternity. Lastly, the metaphysical ability to transcend time and space at will by virtue of slipping through dimensional fissures with your immortal soul really comes in handy when you're sick of paying so much money to fill your gas tank every week. In conclusion, transcendence into "un-aliveness" is mostly a sad occasion for the people left behind rather than the person leaving. With that said, don't try this at home until it's your time to cross over, and thanks for watching the "Paul Harrel leaves the Earthly Realm" video.
Paul, you helped me learn a great deal about firearm safety and knowledge over these many years. Thank you and God bless.
Paul is a National Treasure!! We appreciate all that he has done and his future planning to keep his content going.
Worst Saturday of my life
Welcome Roy!!
I don't know what to say. I feel like the world is changing and rarely for the better, but it must change nonetheless. I hope Paul's absence isn't forever. Nothing is forever, but some things are final.
Sending good thoughts your way, Paul!
Thank you, Paul, for being you. You will be remembered.
Heisenberg?
We will miss you Paul. Still praying for your recovery. We will welcome your brother with open arms.
You've helped me tremendously with everything firearm related. You truly are the greatest guntuber. You will be missed, Paul.
Sorry to see you go Paul. You are a great storyteller and a kind, genuine person.
Good to see you Paul. God speed in your battle. F@#k cancer. Welcome Roy.
I have always enjoyed watching you Paul from an old Marine Corps Gunny take care.😊
Much love to you, Paul! And Greetings with open arms to you, Roy!
Thank you, Paul.
Hey Paul, I’m sure we’d all still love to hear more of your stories and life lessons as long as you’re able, even if you’re not out on the range 👍
You got this Paul!  Roy, thanks for taking the wheel.
Paul you're a strong man that I will carry with me for a long time into my older years. I'm 25 and have been given a world of knowledge for free. Thanks for everything.
Godspeed Paul.
Paul, if there is one thing I've learned, it's that no matter how much you think you know (about anything), you're never close to knowing it all. Nonetheless, your videos have taken me much further in my quest for knowledge. For that, I am extraordinarily grateful. You have brought value, humor, and education to the community - which is a gift greater than gold. Thank you for all you do and all you have done. I sincerely pray that any hiatus you take (in any aspect of life) is only temporary. For now, At Ease, brother.
Paul, I'm going to miss you. I can't do anything about the illness you contracted but I can pray for you.
Sorry to hear time grows short. Thank you for all the good content, I really enjoyed it. Roy will do just fine though he needs to work on his Shatneresqe delivery. 😊
Godspeed Paul!  Yah bless you Sir!
Paul your videos are great. It was fun to meet you in Missouri. You’ve made a lot of people happier.
God speed, Paul. Thank you for everything.
Hi Roy. Im Joe.
I have learned a lot from your presentations, even if most of it isn't relevant up here in Canada.  The information that is will stick, and I'll continue to reference you far into the future.
Paul, I am praying God’s Healing Hand over you. May our Lord and Savior be with you every step of the way. You are everyone’s favorite and we hope and pray that we wil see you here again for years and years to come!
Welcome Roy I will continue watching but this news makes me incredibly sad. Paul you were the best of the best and I will greatly miss listening to you.
Im not sure what is going on. But i am praying for you Paul. No matter what. You have always been my favorite youtuber.
Going by the comments, it seems I missed a doozy.  I remember the announcement but I don't remember realizing the severity.  So if Paul is indeed not long for this world, all I can say is he certainly left a legacy on this world. Not many a man gets to earn the respect of so many others through sheer competence and integrity.  From what I know of the man, which is certainly limited to what he chose to show, I do not think he'd rate himself as highly as I do. Wherever he goes in the next, great adventure, he'll either be well-received or he's going to make an impact there as well.  On that thought, he'll leave a void in the lives of his friends and family. I wish them all the best and a speedy recovery. The heavy heart will probably be with them for quite a while when thinking of him, I just hope the bittersweet smile will soon join it.
Honored Paul. Thanks for the incredibly vast knowledge, entertainment and community you put together.
Paul, I’ve learned so much from your videos and words. My prayers and thoughts are with you. I’ll keep watching the channel and your brother. God Bless.
It has been an honor to learn from you, Sir.
This feels like when the world lost rush Limbaugh
Be well Paul..and thank you for everything.
Paul, you are a legend in this community. Your presence will always be felt.
Hello Roy it's nice to meet you I wish we could have met under better conditions.
May God bless you, and have a nice day! 🙏🏻
Thank you for everything Paul and it's a pleasure to meet you, Roy
We will all miss you., paul.  Thank you for your contribution.  The 2a community loves ❤ you and cherish you forever. Wish you and your family well 🙏
Paul 😢. Thank you for everything, sir.
Sad to hear that Paul is not healthy, we will be praying for him
Paul, we love you and pray for your recovery. Fuck cancer
Paul, if your ever down in Houston, TX (MD Anderson cancer center)  let me know i would like to buy you a coffee or drink.
Paul, you demystified guns and the 2A for me, and your pragmatic and down to earth approach to firearms has been a beacon for all of thus who exercise our right to carry. Thank you. Keep fighting the good fight. You're amazing.
Prayers for you Paul
😣
Paul, we all know you don't want or need our pity. But it's not about that. It's about you becoming part of our educational and maturation process, not only in terms of firearms, but also in how to live life. And that made you a great man and example in the lives of those of us who learned to value and respect you. I wish that God puts his protective hand on you and helps us all understand his will. Roy, you have some big shoes to fill and we will be the judge of that!
Hi Roy thanks for keeping the club going while paul keeps his eye on the prize.
Love you Paul. Thanks for long form videos especially thanksgiving special.
Paul we are praying for your complete recovery. We expect to be hearing for you. You are a great person and and have the best show on YouTube. Godspeed
I've learned more from your channel then all other firearm channels combined. You have probably forgotten more about firearms then I'll ever know. Thanks Paul! And I live about 50 miles from pendleton over the hill in la grande. I shoot at your old range. Sad to see you have Another battle to fight.......
In the thumbnail, I thought Paul had a double barrel. Now, I feel like I took both barrels. Good luck brother.
Thank you for all the videos over the years Paul. Christ be with you.
I'd like to thank you for your service to this great country and to the gun community.  Over the years you have provided us with great and valuable knowledge and also entertainment, presented in a way that only Paul Harrell could do.  You will be missed.  I wish you the Best and May God Bless You and your family.    Best of luck to Roy.
my heart sinks
Will miss you Paul :/
Thank you and bon voyage, Paul!
Sir you will be missed. Thank you for all your hard work and time. Have a great respect for you Sir. Looking forward to your brother Roy in the future. I refuse to say goodbye instead I say a Cherokee phrase (doe-na-da-go) ha-e,which means"till we meet again!"
You make the world a better place. On a personal note you saved my life during the Covid lockdown, for that I owe you one. Thanks for everything and I pray it continues.
Thank you Paul 🙏
Good luck, Paul
Can't wait for the next Roy led content 🤟
This is truly a sad day.
Paul isn’t stepping down, he’s just taking a Shatner-esque pause. Godspeed, Paul.  Forever grateful for everything.
no Paul no me............ i will unsubscribe
This is temporary - that's the only way I'm gonna accept this YT.  Get better chief and we Paul Harrell guys will be here when ...
Thank you for all you have done for us Paul. Your contribution to knowledge and information in the area of fire arms and real world ballistics is unmatched. Roy has some big shoes to fill and I hope he can carry on with the no nonsense work you have been doing. It won't be the same, but life must go on. I have always respected your views and the way you do what you do.
wow, Paul, I hadn't heard.  I love you.  I know a lot of us do.  Maybe it's hard to trust the ability of a stranger thru the PC to know enough about you to love, but we do see good in you, because it shines really, really bright.  And you really are the best instructor I ever saw.  Oh Paul.
Semper Fidelis! And God speed, marine.
Thank you Paul for your service, your wisdom, your knowledge, your beliefs, your humor, and your unshakeable loyalty to the Pop-Tart Community.  The many hours that I have spent, and will continue to spend, watching and re-watching your top-quality content have been the best hours that YT could ever provide, and while I fear it may just be wishful-thinking I sincerely hope that this announcement means that you are taking a break to focus on fighting this evil disease, and that you will return to our screens once you've shown your body *who exactly is the boss around here* ...  God Bless you Mr Harrell, and as an Agnostic these last 35 years I will be abandoning my long-held principles and attending my local Church to pray for you and all the other people in these terrible circumstances on Sunday morning.  With my kindest regards and best wishes for the future, be it long or short, from the sadly, pitifully unarmed UK 🇬🇧, because you are an inspiration on do many levels and will be very sadly missed indeed Sir.
We will miss you so much Paul.  Thank you so much for all that you have done through the years!
We love you Paul. We wish you nothing but peace in the end.
Paul, whatever happens, I want you to know that you are greatly loved and appreciated. 🤗
"A society grows great when men plant trees in whose shade they will never sit."   You've educated hundreds of thousands if not millions of people. Thank you Paul and crew for all that you've done and continue to do.
Nothing could kill Paul that can be stopped with a 1911.  Sad to hear about the health.  Me and my dad watch your thanksgiving special every year on our road trip to our hunting cabin.
We love you Paul. It’s heartbreaking to watch this, your mark on the world won’t be forgotten. I consider you my favorite teacher for firearms, life, and beyond. The wisdom you’ve imparted on me is unmeasured. You stand out from the crowd in the best way possible. Thank you sir, for everything 🫡
This is a sad day for many people. God be with you both and thanks for everything, including much more to come.
Roy is big man but he’s definitely got a big pair of shoes to fill god speed Paul and welcome Roy
Thanks for all of it, Paul. God bless you and your family.
Got a mag loaded to fire a salute when that time comes!!!  Thank you sir for your service, knowledge, and you dry but clever sense of humor we all love.  Peace my brother!
We're gonna miss you paul, but I'm excited to hear from roy as well.
Thank you for sharing the information that you have in  your many videos.  Very informative and entertaining to say the least.  Many if not all of your viewers  will be praying for you.  Sorry the proper words don't  come  Welcome to Roy. We'll be right here
Damn 😢
We will miss you Paul! There is no other channel like yours, the videos are always unique and very interesting and entertaining!
Truly sorry to hear the news. I'm hoping you can beat it, but I'm aware of the odds.   You were, by far, the best YT gun content creator and wonderful instructor and we have all been enriched by you sharing with us.   Your knowledge is something we can all rely on, and your legacy will live on in this channel and the countless future guntubers who will be inspired by you and pick up the mantle to create their own content.  Know that when, or if, the day arrives when we cannot see you, we will support Roy with all our heart and dedication. You have nothing to worry about.
You're a blessing, sir. Thank you and Godspeed, Paul.
If a man has two deaths, the second being when your name is mentioned for the last time, you will live for an extraordinarily long time
Thank you, Paul, for being such a great guy, and providing us with hours upon hours of information and entertainment.  God bless you.  Greetings, Roy.   God bless you too.
As devastated as I feel, I'll spare everyone the sappy "I'll miss you, Paul" comment. This is, if nothing else, an opportunity for Paul to plan his own Eulogy. He can let the world know exactly how he'd like to be remembered. Everyone owes a death, but not everyone can say they made an impact with their life as big as Paul has.
Roy!
and happy New Year!  plz, look into nutrition for healing. _hint: has the federal govt ever lied to us?_
I don’t know the situation but I wish you the very best Mr Harrell. God speed
Lots have already said it, but we love you and will miss you. Thank you for all the free entertainment and information over the years. I hope you’re able to make the most of your time. Roy seems like a great brother and a great person to continue the channel.
A selfish request: could the “unlisted” or “not suitable for current management” videos all be uploaded in one singular spot?
I'm currently 24 years old, and have been watching you since I was in my teenage years. Thank you for everything you have taught us all. You're the dad we all never had.
We may have lost Paul we gained Roy!
All the best to you Paul and a big welcome to you Roy!
It is a sad day
😢
Welcome, Roy.
Godspeed Paul
I introduced this channel to a buddy of mine. The video we were watching had some dating advice, including "Don't talk about hobbies you don't do". He cracked up at that one, and that's how he'd refer to this channel when he'd forgotten what channel we'd watched. Thanks for everything Paul.
Unsubscribe
Paul needs to make a 10 hour video on all of his anecdotes before he retires.
😢
Oh this is making me sad.
❤
I just can’t seem to find a way to “like” this video. Paul you are a true legend in this format. My biggest regret is that my father who passed away in 2012 was never able to enjoy this content over the years. Thanks for all you have given to this channel and to your country.   Roy we welcome you with open arms, just hate that it had to be these circumstances. Even if Paul can’t get out into the field just listening to stories of him on the couch would be entertaining for most of us. Praying for peace and comfort for Paul.
Thank you Paul. For everything. This news hits harder than Winchester .308 147 grain in the white box.
Wow man
Looking forward to seeing Roy's videos. This channel had about 10k subs when I joined...thank you for all of the great content over the years Paul. The one time I got to meet you at that gun show you were just as genuine in person as you have been in your videos. Git er done brother!
Really hope you get better Paul, stay strong!
Paul you are loved and respected, you have been instrumental in the gun tuber format, and have produced incredibly informational videos that we also wonderfully entertaining. Your work ethic and integrity are models of what men should be. You have helped thousands of people not only with gun issues but your advice, humor, and antidotes, and most of all, displaying your character to the world, has changed many lives for the better in multiple ways well beyond firearms. At times like these, we ask ourselves this question “ Did my life make a difference?” Yes sir it has, far beyond what may even imagine. Thank you
Welcome Roy.. we will greatly miss Paul
I'll watch your thanksgiving specials every year, Paul. They'll become like how Christmas Vacation and How the Grinch stole Christmas shows are to Christmas.
You've changed the way I and many others think about firearms and self defense in a 3D space, Paul. Thank you for everything, sincerely. Godspeed to you.
What’s happening to Paul??
Thank you Paul for the knowledge.
Brevity incarnate  Well done and farewell
Really sad News.... 😢😪
Welcome Roy I can't tell you how sorry I am that Paul has to go his situation. I've enjoyed his videos from the UK  for about 4 years your brother is my favorite gun guy best wishes & prayers
Godspeed Paul, may the gunfire in the background never cease, but carry on eternatly for constant tribute to the works you've put forward for this community.
Thank you, Paul. One of the best channels on youtube. "And if you don't like Poptarts, when then f*ck you." -Paul Harrell, probably
Sad news. Please make the most of the time allotted with your family and friends. Godspeed, Mr. Harrell.
Welcome Roy!
I'm curious I know Paul spoke on another heavy medical issue, I'm curious if that turned for the worst or if the hip thing did. Not really my business just curious.   Welcome to Roy! 🤗
Godspeed, Paul. You're one of the greats among your medium and field of expertise. We're all better for having been along for the ride. Welcome to this side of the camera, Roy.
What's happening to Paul??????????
Welcome Roy, WISHING the very best for Paul !🙏👍🦅😎🇺🇸
Paul you have taught  me a lot about firearms  i appreciate  everything  you have taught  me and what  you have  done for the firearms  community  !!!!!
Roy, good luck. Your brother is a tough act to follow. (just don't tell him that, it might go to his head).
Nice to meet you Roy. You and Paul have a fun and happy year ahead.
Damn those onions, 😢. So I’m guessing we have seen our last improvements to the “new & improved” fleece back stops too? Or can Roy study all your years of R&D and improve on them? 😊 Love ya Man, not in a weird way. Been watching ya from nearly the beginning.
This is a sad one for sure, stay well you’ve touched many folks and we’re all a bit better because of it. Thanks
Paul you are much more than an instructor / gun tuber your a legend! Thank you for all of the wisdom. Wishing you nothing but the best, Gods speed sir.
😢 we all love you, Paul❤. Hi Roy😢
God speed Paul. Roy is a welcome edition to the channel. Praying for you and your family.
We're all praying for you, Paul. Keep up the fight. Don't give up.
Surely Paul would not lead us astray. Roy must be very capable.
Welcome aboard Roy.
:(
Thank you for what you’ve done for the firearms community👍.
We’ll miss you Paul.
When my time comes I hope I have half the composure that you do Paul.
God bless. Whatever is going on will be overcome brother!
Hello Roy
Gonna miss you, Paul. Nice to meet you, Roy.
Thank you for everything, Paul.
No other like Paul, I will miss his verbal delivery,  his voice is calming soothing knowledgeable and many times comedic sarcasm, simply the best...
Hi Roy, welcome. You've got some mighty big shoes to fill my friend. Paul, you sir are always gonna be THE man as far as firearms and videos are concerned. My very best wishes.  David
I am so incredibly saddened at this moment.   Semper Fi,  Paul and Godspeed.  Thank you for everything.
Not a good start with being a cop for years. Not a fan of gang members. Especially those who fought to ensure that the laws says that they don’t have a duty to protect and serve the people.
a cop…
Sad news... welcome.e Roy.
I'd be lying if i said there weren't tears in my eyes as i write this. I would like to thank you, Paul for devoting so much of your time for all these years to bringing us the most entertaining and informative videos. You've taught me so much. You'll never be able to fully grasp the impact you've made in all of our lives. We love you Paul. I'm praying for a miracle.
<3
The way you want to do this is to tape together so that people get adjusted to him too. You should record audio commentary and add it to his videos for the same reason. (or not, wtf do I know)
Hi Roy 😀😊👍🏼
Thank you Paul.
This makes me really upset. No offense intended towards Roy. Roy, please take care of your brother
Godspeed, sir.
❤
I'm sorry for your suffering, thank you for providing so much good information.
Godspeed Paul, I'll be keeping you and your family in my prayers. Your content has been a remarkable resource and I'd reckon you have been the most knowledgeable, eloquent, and entertaining firearms instructor from our great PNW. God bless, take care.
Well ain't that just a kick in the teeth. Such is life I suppose. It's never good, is it?
If I can help, please let me know. I think many of us would be glad to help if we could.
Nice to meet you Roy. We will miss you Paul.
Thoughts and  prayers... God's grace be on Paul.
I know Paul doesn't care but damn this sucks and not in an embraceable way. Will be praying for Paul. I'll pay for patreon no matter what.
Best of luck Sir, Welcome Roy.
Paul, I came across your videos probably about 5 years ago or so and since then you have been a huge influence in choices I make regarding firearms instruction, shooting, and just overall philosophy. Your lessons will not be forgotten, and I'm grateful I was able to support your work and enjoy the fruits of your labor. Godspeed sir
Hello Roy. Goodbye Paul, I've always enjoyed watching your presentations.
God bless you Paul, you are in my prayers.
Bless you Paul for keeping up the co tent creation, we are honored to meet your brother.
PAUL, I know you may not find this behavior APPROPRIATE , but as a * Brother * who has taught me well... I love you and I am 😢 like a baby at the moment.  Have not done so in 30 years. SIMPERFI
Paul, please know that you have added joy to my life and I am forever grateful to you.  Thank you Sir.
Hello, Brother Roy. Welcome to the channel; sorry it's under these terrible circumstances. We've got your back, and we'll be back.  I know Paul doesn't want a fuss made, but Paul, if you're reading this: I'm damn sorry to hear your illness continues. Thank you for sharing your experience, tech knowledge and wisdom in so many ways over the years. Thank you for the education and entertainment, while keeping me from being part of the "What If?" and "Ackshully!..." Brigades (at least most of the time; sometimes I briefly lose my composure). I humbly offer every good wish and hope for you, a good man in all seasons.
I sincerely love you Paul. I mean no disrespect, but I feel convicted to tell you that in these moments it is important to have faith in Jesus Christ. For the sake of your soul, Paul, please repent of any sins and have faith in the Lord. There is life in Him.
😭😭 We'll really miss you Paul. We love you like a brother!
Just popped in my head The scene where saying goodbye to one of their fellow soldiers after an ambush. Each brother having a comment showing much respect in there own way. Will miss you Paul.    Roy will be welcomed and supported as he will have some big shoes to fill.
Paul, I will skip the thoughts and prayers bit, but you know they are out here.  I have really enjoyed watching and learning from you over the years and I am sad that you are stepping aside.  I wish you the best as you move forward in uncertain waters.  Semper Fidelis!
Paul, you are a unique and amazing gentleman warrior.  Know that Christ died and rose for you, for your eternal life with HIm.
Paul we all hope to see you back soon. It will never be the same without you. Roy is of course more than welcome to stand in while you recover.
Hi Roy! Paul, thank you for everything my friend. I'm sure for a lot of us loners people like you feel like our real friends, so it's very sad to hear this update Paul. Stay strong and hang in there sir.
Thank you, Paul, for all that you've done for us. Pleasure to meet Roy. Gonna miss you, Paul.  Edit: Will Roy continue under this format, or will he have his own channel to subscribe to?
honor and respect paul... open arms roy...
Thanks for everything Paul🙏🙏. Hello Roy
Hi Roy
Paul hows the medical situation currently?
Going to miss you Paul.  What format if any, are you going to? I think you have become the reining authority on bullet performance in the "Meat Target" I hope you will continue with that in a new format or Roy will continue with that here.
Love you Paul! Your brother has huge shoes to fill. He will do just fine! He is a big guy and has the experience!
We love you Paul. Your impact on our community is immeasurable! Your Legacy will Permeate Ad Astra.
Welcome Roy and team.  Paul, prayers for you.  I have been watching your channel for about 5 years or so and your content is outstanding.  A standard that many only dream of.
I knew what this was going to be before I clicked the video.
Thanksgiving won't be quite the same without you, Paul!
Paul thanks for all the help and info . Kings to you
WELCOME!!!
It’s so funny how you both talk with the same cadence
❤ you’re a good man Paul.
Best wishes Paul - you will never know how much you have enhanced my life and knowledge.  Sending you the greatest of respect   Nice to meet you Roy - Good luck
❤ U Paul.
WTF is going on?
Hey Roy... and Paul, get off your ass and fight this sheet.
Hi Roy
We will be here and wait for Paul to return, victorius !!!!   Good luck Paul !!!
My heart is breaking......
Hi Roy.
Best of luck, Paul. I thank you for the years of insightful and educational entertainment.   I welcome your brother Roy, I am interested in the unique angle of perspective he'll provide in contrast to your angle from military experience.
Take care sir. We will miss you.
I know Paul broke his hip but I must’ve missed the video where he said he was stepping away. Can someone please fill me in?
All the best Paul, your channel's been a top class channel to watch. I hope your brother does half as good a job as you. And I'm sure he will. This channel is truly the best and you are the best Godspeed good sir.
Hello Roy, sorry to be meeting you under these circumstances with you brother Paul’s illness  Big fan from 🇬🇧 and yes we are allowed firearms but restrictions apply  I will be continuing to watch  Good luck Paul 💪🏻
Welcome, Roy! Glad to have you!
Sorry to hear, I hope the best for your health.
You will be sorely missed Paul. Sorry to go all mushy, but I tears will be shed. Love you sir.
Nice looking forward to see your brother in the near future
It’s official ‘24 is going to be Fkn awful. Paul is a big staple in the community and he will always be a greatly respected man in my eyes.  We welcome your brother, but we will always miss you Paul. I know Paul doesn’t want to hear the sob story, but he has made an impact on all our lives and will live on in our heart and mind.
Nice to finally meet you Roy. Paul, we love you man. God bless both of you.
What's going on with Paul?
Godspeed
Roy, relax, don't try to fill Paul's shoes, wear your own ;) Only Paul is good at Paul's things, show us what you're good at and everything will be great :) That being said, Paul, fingers crossed on your upcoming battle, it is good to see you're making sure someone will keep carrying the torch.
Hang in there is right. Glad to meet Roy and wishing you all the best, Paul
🫡🫡🫡
Good luck
Im going to miss you Paul love from south africa
Nice to meet your brother,  but I would never invite an enforcer (or x-enforcer) into my home
Paul, here's hoping you make a full recovery! Take time for yourself and get better! I'm pretty restless myself. When I had "the flu" a couple years ago, my restlessness was at odds with my fatigue and that was the worst part of it! I have a hard time sitting down for long periods of time and that just put me out for about a week. Whatever's up with you is certainly going to take more than a week, so I can only imagine how tough it'll be, but you definitely need to rest.  Roy, glad to have ya! A fresh perspective is always welcome and your experience as an LEO and Hunter's Safety instructor is much appreciated!
Class act, both of you.
At 66 with a heart condition, I've become painfully aware that we all have expiration dates. All the previous generations of my family are dying off. I wanted to thank you for all the Content, Paul. I'll continue to watch. I"'m sure Roy will do a great job and continue the legacy. And, for my part, I'll continue to watch.
Paul, you are the realest and I’m going to miss you when you’re gone
Thanks Paul for knowledge you shared over the years. The first video I came across was "can a bullet go through a house wall", many yrs ago. From soda bottle, meat targets, chronograph calculations, orginal Sears shooting jacket, leisure suit, Thanksgiving specials, William Shatner speech impediment, to poptarts... You've entertained, educated and made me a better shooter. Again, thank you and best of luck
God bless you Paul Harrell.
See you space cowboy...
Hello Roy, I'm looking forward to the new content that you will bring to us. And thanks, Paul, for introducing us to your brother and all the things you have taught us on this channel. As long as your videos are here, the channel will help people and teach them valuable lessons, some interesting trivia and many funny anecdotes.
Thank you Paul for all the videos you have made.  If you trust Roy to continue, then I feel confident he is capable of doing well.
Welcome Roy!
Paul Is The G.O.A.T.
Paul, don't ever forget the impact you've had and the love so many strangers around the world have for you. You've taught us so much. Don't see this as "stepping down"; see this as "sailing to warmer shores".
Thank you for the years of great content, Paul. You've imparted a good deal if wisdom on the world, and I hope knowing that brings you satisfaction. I hope you and your family have peace and comfort in this time.
If we live we live with honor if we die we die with honor ! And you sir I salute you 🫡
🐸✝️ God bless You ✝️
Paul, thank you so much for all that you have done in educating and entertaining us.  You will be greatly missed! Thanks also for your graceful handling of this difficult situation. I pray for peace for you and your loved ones.  God bless! Welcome, Roy!
God bless and keep you, Mr. Paul Harrell.
Best wishes, Paul.  Pretend that was typed with Shatneresque pauses.  Welcome Roy.
i like Roy
I’ll give him a try I certainly owe that at least. However I don’t do well with changes so it could be rough. Anyways get better soon ok? I don’t like change and this Cancer is really starting to piss me off!!!
I missed something what is paul sick from.
Go get em Paul, we're all pulling for you. Thanks for the years of entertainment and your vast wealth of knowledge.
Paul, we have learned so much from you, thank you for service, educational videos, and stories.  Best of luck for your future!  Welcome Roy!!!
My mother died of pancreatic cancer. From the moment she was diagnosed, every time a doctor saw her, her life expectancy dropped an increment of time. A few years' life expectancy a fortnight later became an expectancy of a few months. Then quickly changed to a few weeks, then a few days, then a few hours, then a few minutes. This was over a two-month period before she died in the hospital. I _hope_ that what Paul means by time becoming very short isn't the same kind of short my mother had. Regardless, Paul has left a great legacy of gun teaching to rival many of the past legends who wrote and/or filmed gun knowledge, safety and training. Paul has unquestionably earned his spot in that pantheon. As for everyone else, all I can say is what I have been saying for years after discovering I have an ascending aortic aneurysm that doesn't meet the surgical threshold but still could conceivably rupture at any time. Once you hit 50, all life expectancy bets are off.
We all know Paul is just  going to help Chuck Norise with some firearm training.
Thank you for everything Paul.
Paul, you've been a great source of entertainment and information for me over the last few years. I'll miss you, sir, but im sure Roy will do a great job.
Best wishes and good luck, Paul.   May your glass be ever full. May the roof over your head be always strong. And may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead.
I'm missing you already Mr Harrell period that being said my family's and my thoughts and prayers go with you. Be well. Like I said before and you graciously responded to my comment you are my go-to guy when I am on the fence about something. Also like I said before you remind me of my father in small ways who I lost 33 years ago. I and I know so many other people will miss you. I know you don't go into details about the medical things you are going through and trust me I know how serious air conditioners that being said I know the chances of recovery are not zero. Like I said, my family and I have you in our thoughts and prayers and we certainly hope there is the chance that you get through this even though the road to recovery will be a tough one. Merry Christmas Христос народжується and happy New Year which my family and I will be celebrating today and tomorrow.  All the best from the Misiura family...
Hey Roy! We will hang in there with you.
Roy looks like a guy who could be the Walter White of firearms.
Let’s get Roy a Gundie and get Paul’s channel to 1 million subs in honor of Paul. Let’s fucking go.   Paul, Godspeed. I hope to see you again. I’d go to an event if your crew threw one. It would be epic.   Roy, I hope you’ll keep this community together and grow it even bigger. That you will inject your insight and knowledge with some fun and humor along with some Paul anecdotes, stories and updates.
We love you Paul!
Respect.
Not only do I have an Uncle Paul but a an Uncle Roy as well??? 🤯 Im so excited!
God bless you Paul and Roy.   Godspeed ❤
You make me feel like a man Facing his last moments. And in my dreams every night I do. And if I find you there When I awake It makes me want to die. Die in that dream. Wish I can pretend to live in a place Where I never left you.   -Ethan Wilson
Thanks for all the knowledge Paul I learn all about 38 revolvers from you
The community is going to miss you Paul and thank you for all of the content that you have provided through the years as I have learned so much from you. A big welcome to Roy. 😢
Thank you for all the wonderful videos you've made, Paul, and I'm sure Roy will make many more for us to enjoy
Ok sooooo what happened?
Thanks for everything, Paul. Enjoy each moment for the gift that it is.   Welcome, Roy.
This is very tragic to hear! I hope that you'll still be able to enjoy life to the fullest Paul, and an eventual recovery. However, I'm very happy to hear that this awesome channel stays in the family. Thank you for all the years of knowledge, without all the unnecessary babbling. I love(d) the straight to the point presentation style, and actual useful knowledge.  Godspeed, Paul.
Thank you Paul for the vast knowledge and entertaining presentations over the years! We welcome Roy with open arms.
Thank you for everything Paul.
🥺
Nice to meet you Roy.  Paul, I wish you the best. May you have a speedy recovery.
This is truly sad news Paul.  I feel very fortunate that I got the opportunity to shake your hand at Lake Ozark, MO this past summer... I was the guy in the black cowboy hat, if you remember.  I feel like we are twin brothers from another mother.  God speed.
Thanks Paul. I’ve learned a lot.
If we all feel this bad, imagine how Roy feels about all this
Paul, your continue to be an in inspiration to us all. Godspeed sir.
The first time i saw a paul harrell video was way back in the day when he was still rocking the porno stash. Think the video was testing how bullet proof household items were. Probably around 2013ish. I think many of us here look up to paul.. and everyone here definitely appreciated all of the information and help hes offered over the years. Even in the hardest times he makes us proud to have found him. My thanks and prayers.
Paul, Thank you for the instruction, and the laugh's. Wishing you the best.
I don't comment often, but I wish you the best with what you are going through.
Hopes and prayers,  you sir was my main inglish teacher, in the course of several years i trained my pronounciation of words on your videos, thanks to your ability to explain topics in a direct and clear way, not to mention the countless hours of experience and expertise shared trough your presentations, its really sad to see a living milestone like you retire   your memory is gonna be forever with us.   with love and respect, from Brazil.
Warm wishes for a speedy and total recovery, mr. Harrell.
Damn . Thank you for all you have done for us Paul .
Great to meet you Roy, we all love and care about your brother and wish him the best!
Ill wait and see with an open mind.  Good luck.
We’ll miss you Paul, welcome Roy.
One down , one up NEXT 😊
Yes sir
24 Years ago I was stage 5 non Hogen Lymphoma ...  There is always HOPE !!! God bless you and your family ...
Thank for your service in so many ways.
Thank you Paul for sharing what I believe is some of the best firearm content available.  Godspeed, look forward to supporting Roy
I’m gonna miss you Paul.   I’ve looked forward to seeing you for many years now (since the moustache days), and you’ve helped keep me company through some difficult times in my life.   You’re also the second person this year that I know to pass from the same cancer.
Welcome Roy.  I look forward to see more from you.  Thank you Paul for all you have taught us and continue to teach us.  I wish you well and hope everything winds up for the better.  I am going to miss you and your "Shanter-esque" pauses, as well as your unique flavor of humor, wit, and education delivery.  Your content is some of my most looked forward to on YouTube and in the gun community.  I will miss it.  Stay safe, god speed.
I'm not gonna cry. *Ahemcoughtear*
I love this channels community. I can't imagine these accepting comments on any other channel. Says a lot about Paul that he attracts these kind of people
God my heart hurts for you Paul, Godspeed.
For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind. 2 Timothy 1:7  I wish you all the best, Paul. Your videos have been a joy to watch over the years.
PH,  I will definitely miss you and your excellent contribution to firearms training. I wish you well and I look to the day when you are sharing content in another format. You are an icon and pretty darn creative.
Dang, wish I had had the honor of shaking your hand, Paul. I only live a couple hours from you, but it doesn't matter, as I respect your privacy. YouTube hasn't been notifying me for some reason, so I gotta go back and see what the heck is going on. I hope you are not mortally ill. If you are, it breaks my heart. You're one of - if not - the most respectable guntubers. You never once bored me, and you're a major reason why I can shoot as well as I do, having only been a gun owner since 2019. I will always recommend new shooters to your channel.  Roy, you take good care of Paul (I know you will, because I would do that for my brothers, too). I look forward to your brand of gun videos. Be yourself, not Paul. God speed, gentlemen.
Paul, may God bless you and your family, sir.  Your efforts and expertise have been profoundly beneficial to the firearms community;  we are all indebted to you.  With abiding appreciation and warmest regards.
Godspeed Paul, thank you for all the videos over the years. Welcome, Roy!
Paul, thank you for all of the information, smiles, laughs, thought provoking discussions, data, Halloweens, Thanksgiving and Christmas mornings, and most of all for the care that you put into this.  Welcome Roy.
Hate to hear this Paul. Ive always enjoyed your videos and respected you. Safe travels sir.  Roy, welcome. I look forward to seeing your work. My sympathy for what you and your family are going through.
All of our time is short Paul. Glad to have spent some of my time with you.
You will be missed, Paul! Love you! Thank you for making me wiser and more educated!  Feels like losing another friend 😢
Paul; look towards the Lord Jesus, and cast your belief on Him if you have not already. This life is but a span, for us all. Jesus is Lord, and although your time on earth may be short; none of us will make it past the judgement seat of Almighty God. The only hope in life and death; Jesus.
What can i say that hasn't been said already. You WILL be missed.
God bless you, Paul. Hoping for the best. There's always treatment out there and you never know how it'll go.
Paul, you will live forever among us brother, you're amazing and you have done some amazing work! I hope you recover soon and get better <3
Very sorry you can not continue much longer Paul. You will be greatly missed.
Roy sounds like a cop.
Gonna miss Paul's content, but things change...Hope and pray for Paul's health.  Welcome Roy...Take care of your brother.....Prayers to all...
Welcome Roy.
We love you Paul, hang in there. We're all rooting for you! That being said, welcome Roy!
Paul, you're iconic. Peace be with you brother.
Whats happening? Paul thank you for letting your videos! I hope that you are doing well.
I was trying to avoid having to hear this. 😢
I'll watch Roy. I do have to say that Paul is one of the best guys I've ever had the pleasure to watch. I can take or leave most of the folks I see online, but Paul is different. I haven't met too many folks in person that I like and trust more... and I only know Paul from the videos. Thank you, sir.
Thank you Paul. You are a truly unique voice in the community and I look forward to everything you put out, especially the Thanksgiving videos. I wish you the best. I also thank the crew for trying to fill your very large shoes.
Sorry to here of your issues. Thank you for all your information.Good luck,and God speed.
I’ve appreciated all your content Paul, thanks for making all these videos. Best wishes and Godspeed.
Thank you for all your content Paul.
you have been the person i went to for all things gun,,, thank you,,, and good luck roy
Paul, Thank you. I will leave it at that. Ron, I will be looking forward to your content and perspective. Please continue the positive impact and influence Paul built.
You will be sorely missed, Paul!  A true gentleman and scholar!  Roy, we welcome you.
:'(
Paul you are blessing to the community. I hope you get to spend your time doing what you love. You set a high bar for gun tubers.  Welcome to fray Roy.
I pray all is well with you and your family Paul.
I have loved your content and firearms testing videos for years now… Your an inspiration both as a content creator and a person. You are (in my opinion) the best at what you do.
I hope you have a speedy recovery, Paul. Your videos have been very entertaining and educational in many ways beyond just firearms. I remember watching your video on the Hipoint 9mm 3 or 4 years ago and it made me want to watch all of your videos before and after that. You’ve always been so professional and welcoming with your content. Good luck, Roy. I hope to see the channel continue to be awesome
Paul, miss you already ✊🏻
As a newbie to guns the past year I've much appreciated your work on YouTube, Paul.
Green tea and crystals!  Thank you Paul for everything!!  Welcome Roy!  Looking forward to your twist on life with firearms.
Stay strong brothers.
this year started so sad :(
Thank you to both of you.  We appreciate your service past and present, and wish you both well as you transition and face your challenges. And thank you Paul. Your videos have made me better in every aspect of being a responsible gun owner.  And to Roy, we welcome your videos and thank you for continuing the channel.
We salute you Paul
Thank you for your work Paul, you are one of kind.
Salute you Paul AND your brother.
My full support   Crap …. My eyes are leaking
Thank you Paul. Good to meet you Roy.
Words. All we have here are words, and they are failing me now...
Paul, your legacy will benefit generations. I appreciate Roy for taking this up.
Appreciate the effort put forth with your time.  If you never saw it someone asked "who do you trust on Youtube?"  Your name was on almost all of the lists.   Welcome on board Roy.    Thank you Paul!!
We are going to miss you Paul.  Thank you to your brother Roy stepping in.
Paul, you have made a large impact on my life and willingness to have and enjoy firearms. Godspeed
Godspeed Paul
I’m very sorry to hear that, Paul. Thank you for your service to the country in the Army and Marines and for the invaluable service you have provided via this channel. Be at peace, Brother. You’ve earned your rest. Semper Fi!❤
Thank yo so much Paul... you have helped me a lot ... we will miss you
Welcome Roy, pleased to meet you. Thanks Paul for all the practical firearms advice, wish you the best!
Always remember that doctors are assholes.
Hey Paul, what were your Symptoms of Pancreatic cancer??  I ask because maybe you can save one of us from that terrible form of cancer.  Godspeed Paul!  You are one of the best humans ever.
Paul, wherever you go I hope they have Pop Tarts. 😢
Im seeing a lot of comments making it seem like Paul is dead/ going to die. I know he has health issues, I watched his video on the bad news. I guess I just dont understood his reference to having short time left to make content in this format. Is he referring to dying, or is he meaning leaving the channel to take care of his health and get treatment? Either way I pray for healing and recovery for Paul. I have learned a lot from his videos throughout the years. He is a very wise man! Hope everything turns around for the better for you Paul!
Sad days. Idk Roy but generally i dont trust cops
Paul... I'm not a "gun guy", just interested in guns and around guns, one of many areas...but, I've always enjoyed your work here on YouTube, for many reasons. Therefore, for myself, having less of you in my world is a loss, and, another "but", I have *some idea* of where you're at, and wish for you the best possible care and *caring*in the time to come...  A 🇨🇦 🐻‍❄️
May God put His hedge of protection around this man and Healing hands upon him. In Christ name. Amen
Your work on educating people regarding firearms is invaluable, and I hope that either through you or your brother it can continue
Paul has always been an A Class showman and presenter. Crutch and all he keeps trucking without an ounce of professionalism lost. Looking forward to seeing you return.
Paul, you've done so much for so many.  Thank you.
I do love your videos. You guys do great, honest work. I pray the Lord of Israel will continue to bless you guys and your families.
Hey Paul, hope everything goes as easy and smooth as it can be. We'll miss you. Love from Brazil.
Roy seems like a very cool dude. Can't wait to hear them stories
did  paul  shoot himself in the foot again
This is heartbreaking.
Prayers sent. Welcome Roy.
Good to pass on the torch hopefully its temporary. But its good you trust your family to maintain your work good to focus on recovery.
Wtf. Paul your a favorite.
Sup Roy
What is wrong with Paul?!… What is his affliction?😳
Godspeed, Paul!
Hi Roy!
You will be missed. I pray life and health and strength to you.   Roy, it's nice to meet you. I hope all the best to you during this time.
Currently have* a family member fighting a battle against pancreatic cancer.   My heart just sank when I heard the prognosis in the comments section.  Please forgive me for being absent all these years. With that being said, you have my utmost respect and condolences brother.  Stay classy (and humble) my friend.  *EDITED for clarification. Thank you for understanding.
Love you so much Paul…. Wishing you well and praying for you ❤
Hi Roy
Thank you Paul for all your time you have shared with us. We all support you and your family. Welcome Roy. I have no doubt you will take up the mantle and carry on what Paul has started. Best wishes to all at Paul Harrell
Thank you so much Paul. Hi Roy.
Wishing you all the best, and a speedy recovery Paul! 🙏✌️🌹 Welcome Roy!
What is the best cartridge to defend against heartbreak? BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT I HAVE.
Love you, Mr. Harrell. Sending up so prayers!
Paul, we're thinking about you and your family.
We all are wishing you a speedy recovery Paul. We all welcome Roy and look forward to his insight and knowledge. Roy, we're glad to meet you and we're glad to have you in the community. Take your time getting comfortable.   Paul I would like to take a moment to personally thank you for everything you've done for the community. Growing up I never had much interest in this sort of stuff. When I got into this community I was surprised at how accommodating everyone online, at my local store, and the ranges were to a newbie like me. I stumbled across your channel way back in late 2019 and found your pool of knowledge so very helpful to me. Everything you have presented on this channel has spoken to your very high intelligence and deep understanding of whatever the subject matter was for the video.
No disrespect, but Paul Harrell will never be replaced! ❤❤❤  Paul (yes, I am a female), I have learned so much from you, and I have been so entertained by your anecdotes for so many years now. ...and your recitation of The Raven (wow)...  You are like a friend to me. Even though I love my little keltec p32, and I know that's not your favorite brand or caliber 😅. I LOVE YOU, PAUL❤ I am praying for you!🙏
Paul I mean this from the bottom of my heart, I appreciate every video you uploaded. You’ve been the best part of the firearms community as well as a great person.  I will miss you but I welcome Roy and thank him for trying to keep the channel alive for years to come. Long live Paul Harrell!!
i pray you beat this and return stronger rhan ever .  in JESUS name amen .
Wishing you all the best Paul, deep respect. Welcome aboard Roy
“Behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation” – 2 Corinthians 6:2 Long time fan Paul, you will be greatly missed. ❤
FUCK!!! literally my favorite person on YouTube. I watch plenty of other channels but I seriously look forward to all of Paul's content and listening to Paul. It literally going to be impossible to replace Paul. I will continue to watch his channel out of respect. FUCK, I HOPE YOU GET BETTER PAUL!!!! You are the best man!
Forever in our hearts.
Pleased to meet you, Roy. 👍
Im speechless rn. This is a huge blow the the 2A Community! 10 guys couldn’t replace Paul, im sorry its the truth. I will still watch the channel out of respect
Nothing lasts forever, thank you for all the work, time you have put into this channel educating the public on firearms.
Damn Paul, this is not what any of us was wanting to hear, but many of us will be happy to see your brother take up the mantle.  I hope you continue to live your best life in the meantime and wish you nothing but the best.  Constant display of class and courage is nothing less than inspiring.
You have taught me more about firearms than anyone. Rooting for Roy and I will be making libraries of your content for my daughters to learn from. Thank you for all the wonderful content you have made to help us learn. Hoping you get better 🙏
Hello Roy. Thanks for all the fish Paul
Paul you are a legend, greetings to Roy
Godspeed Paul I loved watching your videos over the years.
unfortunate to hear paul but roy sounds and looks like he will do just a great job so,we understand!
😭😭😭
You will always be the OG of gun content
“What in the wide wide world of sports is going on here?”  — truly the year 2024 is a marker to the end of the world! 😂😂 seriously though Paul — you’re a legend and pray that God has your hand through whatever you are going through.  God bless you Paul and Roy.
I'm out of the loop. Can someone bring me up to speed,what's goin on here?
Thank you for your contribution to firearms education, Paul. You have made the subject much more interesting and enjoyable for many people around the world.
I appreciate the wisdom Paul, thankful to have had the opportunity to listen to you speak about various topics
Thanks Paul. Your content has always been my favorite firearms channel. YouTube won’t be the same without you.
I was just watching an old 22 long rifle for home defense viedo and was thinking that our Friend Paul will have his hands full taking care of himself and my lessons will just have to wait.   I know I speak for all of us the we will keep praying and sending you best wishes.  God Bless and thanks for all the life lessons.
Godspeed Paul
The world just got a pretty big chunk sadder hearing those words from Paul. I'm so sorry. It shouldn't have to end this way.
I never felt that attached to a youtuber before you, I'm genuinely worried about you Paul. Despite you not knowing me, to me its like hearing my uncle is sick.  😢
Wait what no please stay with us Paul
he's a fire emblem character
I hope this means Paul is just stepping away from youtube to enjoy retirement.
Thank you for all the information and instruction that you have provided. God's Speed on your overcoming whatever challenge you are experiencing.
Thanks for everything Paul, you are one of a kind.
I fucking love your content paul.
I always appreciated your videos, Paul. I'll give your brother a chance, but I wasn't here for the guns. I mean, yeah, they are cool, but I was here for your jokes and personality and the way you made fun of dumb people online.  I'll always think of you when I eat Pop Tarts
Godspeed Paul
Paul, you will greatly missed... Paul is the GOAT and will always be!!
Welcome Roy
I’m going to miss you Paul, but in honor of you, I will keep watching, and look forward to hearing from Roy.  God bless you both.
Fuck!
What in the world is going on. A. re we going to continue the Thanksgiving tradition? This is sad but I am glad you're continuing the channel I hope you get to stop in from time to .
I am not religious but I will pray for you Paul.
Hey Roy.
Welcome Roy. Thank you for taking the helm... and thank you, Paul.
End of an era, good luck Paul.
Welcome Roy, Paul, you will be missed! Godspeed and blessings my friend
Paul, before you go can you grow a beard so you look more like Roy and it's a smoother transition?
Thank you for all the years of education, Paul. Beat this thing! I'll be praying for you.
Hey Paul, big fan of the presentations and the lessons learned in them. I’d very much enjoy presentations where you just talk a while if making it out to the range becomes to troublesome. I hope you win some gundies this year, you are a clear standout and I hope more people are able see to past presentations.
Nice to meet you Roy. We welcome you with open arms.
We love you, Paul.
What’s going on with Paul?
I’m sorry what have I missed! What’s happening Paul?
Thank you Paul for every video over the years. I honestly just stared blankly at the screen for several minutes letting reality sink in. Your grace and composure is to be admired.
I'm glad the channel is continuing with Roy. It's my favorite, my reference. Thank you very much Roy. Thank you Paul for the work you've done so far and your amazing personality, thank you for preparing the future, good courage for the one still to come.
Welcome to the family Roy, glad to have you. Paul, you are one-of-a-kind my friend. Had I had teachers like you in other areas of my life, I may have ended up being somebody. God bless you, Sir.
Hi Roy, I am looking forward to seeing what is coming to the channel.  Paul, thank you for the many years of sharing. I am praying for you, the best that I know how.
Good to meet Roy. More than grateful for all the things you've taught over the years, Paul. Thank you, isn't enough.
You guys could end the channel gracefully, instead of going the TacResponse route… not trying to be mean, but it’s not an actual business making products that you hand over to family. And even if it were the product would be Paul and without Paul there is no product.   We can watch any one of a dozen talking head gun guys with over 35 years experience blah blah blah. YouTube is full of these channels. Hell, most of us probably are at this point, able to be that talking head. We come to this channel for Pauls Shatner like pauses and his unique format and weird anecdotal references.
What a legend Paul.
Thank you, Paul. Welcome, Roy.
Welcome Roy, we welcome you and hope your services are not needed for long. GOD BLESS
😐👍
In regards to cancer, I found this lecture very insightful. I'm not going to say "Hey Paul! This video will cure you!!!!!!" or anything like that, but it seems to have good information and perhaps different options for treatment with some clinical examples of effectiveness. Give it a watch if you have an hour to spare, but skip to 1:10:40 to begin.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsRVQWfqjms
Paul Harrell, one of the greatest firearm and outdoors personalities youtube has ever seen. Godspeed and good luck.
Paul, Thank You! And God’s Speed.
Thank you Paul for all you have shared and taught us all. Thank you for the laughs, insight, and for sharing your experiences. I wish you all the best. Welcome to you Roy as you step infront of the camera and thank you for picking up the mantle.
Please make frequent appearances paul! We will miss you
Paul, thank you for all you have given us through the years.  All of us, young and old, have benefited greatly from your leadership.      God Speed!
Godspeed brother 🙏
god bless
Please be strong Paul, we hope you get through this!
Hi Roy!
Alright guys if your the praying type then pray, if your not then learn to pray and you can train by praying for Paul.
We're gonna miss you Paul. You're the guy that got me to buy .357sig. Were it not for your review on the caliber, I never would have discovered my favorite caliber. Thank you for presenting the information in a way that everyone, including we idiots in the military can digest. Best wishes to your Sgt. Speedy recovery. Doc out.
Paul you have always been my favorite "guntuber". ive watched many of your videos multiple times, May god bless you and keep you my friend... Nice to meet you Roy! Cant wait to see whats coming
GodSpeed Paul
I'm sure it has been said before but I would like to say it now. We love you Paul and we appreciate the time spent with you and we are truly grateful to have gotten to learn from you and be entertained by you. You are by far my most favorite creator on the platform and it hurts even writing this. I earnestly pray that a merciful god will extend to you his blessings and protection.
My heart just sank. God speed Paul.
Big ups Paul, you're the fucking man!
Thank you Paul
I pray for speedy and full recovery Paul. God Bless you!
Thanks for everything Mr. Harrell
Thank-you for everything Paul.
Damn, so sorry to hear time is short Paul. God bless you and yours.
Prayers inbound for you, Paul. And welcome, Roy.
God Speed Mr. Paul, Roy’s cut from the same cloth, you’re leaving the ship in good Hands. God Bless the Harrell family,,,,,,, Semper Fi,,,
Breaks my heart to hear your time is short Paul, thank you for all the time you've given us throughout the years
Godspeed, mister.
Howdy Roy. Thank you very much Paul. Blessings to you and you situation.
Thank you for all youve done, Paul. And welcome Roy
All the best wishes to you Paul! I hope and believe you will come back stronger than ever💪 In meanwhile we will welcome Roy with open arms.
Get well Paul! Looking forward to future videos with Roy!
Paul, thank you.  Roy, welcome.
Take as much time as you need Paul 💙💙
Hunter's College for kids really gives back to promote and enhance a  productive Life.  Just one thing I have greatfully gleaned from your channel.
Well done sir. May You know the peace of God whatever the next days hold.   Welcome Roy! Look forward to your future adventures. Praying for you all.
Godspeed, Paul! & Success to you, Roy!
🤗 I’m glad it’s staying in the family, and I hope we hear from you (Paul) from time to time to keep us posted! Good luck and Godspeed, Paul!
i hope you get better paul and welcome roy. best wishes from germany.
Thank you, Paul, for all you have done for the firearms community in this format. Best wishes with your health. And, greetings to Roy.
Thank you Paul, greetings Roy.
Thank you for all the information and time you've spent sharing it with so many.
Pleasure to meet you Roy. Paul I’m so relieved to see you.
I really hope the treatment isn't funds-limited. Every guntuber and viewer would ensure this is not the case if you simply ask.
Was the video out of focus or was that just my eyes sweating? Welcome aboard, Roy. Sir Paul... Thank you and bless you 🙏🏽.
Need a hicock45 colab before you go.
Paul thank you so much for all of the knowledge and content,  we will always cherish it, Godspeed
Oh man this hit like a freight train. Thanks for the videos Paul, you will be missed greatly.
Prayers for you and all of your family Paul!  Thank you for your service and all of your content - you have provided an invaluable service to many!
I wasn't too sure about him until he said he said he had plenty of anecdotes for us. Nice to meet you Roy and good luck
Thank you for everything Paul. Hello Roy.
You’re the man, Paul.
Rest. You've earned it.
will miss you Paul
We will all miss you Paul, and your loss will be a blow to the firearms community. You truly are the best Guntuber out there. Godspeed
I have “other uncles”.  I have LONG considered Paul my only “real” uncle. Thank you for your precious contribution to firearms history. You will ALWAYS be the guy that dumped an entire chest of trophies on a table. Dropping the mic aint got nutt’n on Uncle Paul. 🤗🏆🏅🎖🏆🏅🎖🏆
Love you paulie. your videos are very informative and have given me a more rational perception of reality. Please feel no obligation to do more and enjoy your final days, you have lived and were generous to share some of it with us. Although i would love if you had an autobiography.
Hey Roy... Love you Paul.
You guys sound almost the same! God bless you paul we're gonna miss you 😢
Noooooo! 😮😢😢 Hey Roy 👋
God speed
Hi Roy, you almost sound like your brother.
Welcome!  This channel has the most fact-based and credible firearms content out there, and I’m glad to see it will be in good hands.  All the best for what Paul has in his future.
Thank you, Paul, for everything.
Hi Roy!  Thanks for what you’re doing here and best wishes to you all.
NOOO!!! Please God heal this man. Roy I will be watching. Thanks for stepping in. That's one hell of a brother you have there. Please take care of him.
Thank you for everything Paul. We wish to hear from you soon again and welcome Roy in your place.
Thank you for all the years of fun Paul. We love you.
Sending you much love and many years of appreciation Paul. 🥲❤️
Thanks Paul...I learned so much...we welcome Roy.
Either make it fast or make it good. Who am I kidding? There is no easy. I’m on a short list at the moment, but I still have a window of hope. In any case, I can’t tell you enough how much I’ve come to appreciate all you’ve done Paul…thank you
We like Roy.
I learned so much from you, Paul thank you so much God bless
Hi Roy nice to meet you. Paul we all love you please get well soon!
Thank you for your service
What the heck? Paul are you saying that’s it? Jesus, brutal news. I hope you read this: thank you for everything Paul. I don’t know you, but you are a positive in my life. Thank you.
From accidentally stumbling across one of your early videos way back when, up until now, you have entertained and educated me Paul. I have the utmost admiration and respect for you brother. Thank you.
Fucking Hell this makes me sad :(
Could someone inform me on what's wrong with Paul?
Thank you for continuing this great channel, Roy. God bless you, Paul.
Thank you, Sir, for the finest and most useful firearms channel on the planet. God Bless!
We love you Paul. Roy sounds exactly like you too.
All our support!
Well shit
All the best to Paul, welcome Roy.
Hi Roy!
Thank you Paul, we are praying for you! And welcome Roy, we'll be there watching
Best wishes Paul
Nice to meet you, Roy.  Thanks for all of the wisdom you have shared, Paul.
What does that mean ..”very short..”?
It saddens me to hear that as you easily have provided my favourite content on these topics that I have found to date, however I am also happy to know that you have plans for the future.  I wish you all the best, and warm regards from Denmark, thank you for blessing us with your videos
Hi Roy!
Welcome aboard Roy
Sorry to see you go Paul,  hope you stay well and safe. Welcome Ray! Your style may be different, but we look forward to hearing your take 😉
Damn.☹️
Sup Roy
So sorry to hear this, if it is what I am understanding.
Nice to meet you Roy, good to see you again Paul.
Should change the channel name to Harrel Brothers! Hey as long as i have a father figure telling me where not to point my gun and shooting sodas im good
Hope all is well, Paul. Godspeed your treatment and hopeful recovery.   The impact of your contributions to this community cannot be understated.
My question for Roy is: Where is your eye and ear protection?
The legacy continues!
Shortened 😭
Sound like a "gunman", to me.
Shortened? Aw...paul...
You are and always will be a class act sir.... best to you.
Welcome Roy! Looking forward!
It's been a great time Paul. Get better man
Here's hoping for a  full New Year Paul.
💚
Welcome aboard Roy. Nice to meet you. Good luck
we love you, paul and roy <3
Another well played hand.
Wishing you all the best Paul. Welcome aboard Roy!
We love you Paul
Your the best paul!
We sure are gonna miss you Paul. But we welcome Roy with open arms.
Thank you for every video Paul.
Oh Paul, so sorry to hear that “time is short.”   God heals today, so we are praying for you brother.  Welcome Roy, looking forward to your content until Paul is fully healed.  🙏
Paul is your brother?!? Roy, you have my condolences.
What's going on with Paul? Is he dying?
Thanks for everything , Paul.
G'day Roy
Hey Roy!
Let us soldier on
Welcome Roy. Big shoes to fill, I look forward to watching.
Welcome Roy, looking forward to the anecdotes you have you share
Nice to meet you Roy. Godspeed Paul.
Howdy Roy
Man this sucks.
Never looked better, Paul. Keep smashing it ✊🏻
Hi roy
Hello Roy. We’re here for you. But please take care of Paul too please.
Happy new yr. Paul!
RIP Ashli Babbitt
Shortened?!
Bless.
Welcome to our universe Roy...
Thank you for everything you have done Paul god speed
Hi
Cheers, Paul.
Whos roy?
