I hope you are feeling fine would have never even started watching car shows if it had not been for you you make it interesting and fun and I enjoyed riding through the tunnels with you it's one of the highlights of my day it's like you get the race through the tunnel and not even think of a ticket and me the God is always bathe you and pure white light and protect your day and night and may you never get any tickets and may you always be healthy and happy thank you so much for all the smiles that you give me have a beautiful day
It's impossible not to laugh. When you step on it in a tunnel I'm not even in the car and it still makes me laugh. So I think you're so lucky to hear you.
Great to see a more human side... 👏  You seem to be an even better person than i ever realized.  Cheers
Which scripture bringing awareness to mental health but there are people out there who can't afford to pay to go see somebody there is no free places to go get help. And with what I did for 30 years in the military all the VA wants to do is give us drugs does slowly kill us from the inside so they don't have to keep paying are benefits once we're going. If you want to have an idea of what I have gone through Google the band five finger death Punch and the song wrong side of heaven that's merely scraping the surface of what I go through everyday.
Please Continue to get the help that you need. Because of you, so many others, are seeking,  and receiving  the help they need. You're a very special lady, who genuinely cares, But, also pray, and take some time for yourself.  Enjoy your achievements, Be happy, take a break for you, when you feel you need it. You do deserve it. You've more than earned it. Stay healthy, stay happy, and continue on with that great laughter,  and beautiful smile. When things get hard, talk to someone,  take a break if you need, or want to, and know, it will get better. And You Definitely Can Do It.😊❤
❤ Thank you for expressing ❤️  Life is hard, but thank you.
Big love take care
Awww what a frickin shame. It wasn't long after this vid we found out Irwindale was to be no more. What a waste but thats the norm,,,,
I understand  I as well is going through  the same  things
😇❤️🌞 Amen
Emelia, I have been in Radiology/Cardiolgy for 46 years+. I can tell you are a sincere person and like your team, I have a team that I am a part of in healthcare. MGH, NYU, MEM SLOANNE KET, USC, UCLA. I am so sorry you went through hell and back. We as a team can and would help any of you anytime any where, any place. Hugs my FB friend. I can be found online if you need us.
Most of you that dont knowyou spec the track so you know everything about it..
Stud Girdle, had all of my race engines with them..
Seriously, Girl?!  If you’re scared  get under y’er bunk!
wheres the commercial at?
Hi Amelia , are you married, if so who is the super lucky guy ,love your shows , love you, Barry Gravett   Port Elizabeth - South Africa  !
Is that a  dingo?
Paul Walker was recklessly speeding down a California road, putting lives in danger. Would you still call him a nice guy? This is what happens when you customize and modify supercars and then drive them on public roads as if they were ordinary cars. My mother and my 8-year-old sister were killed by reckless drivers like Emelia on public roads.😮‍💨😡😠🤬
Your mom and dad made a beautiful women and i'm glad your doing what you do,my little nephew lost his battle and didn't make it and sense I was the one he always called to talk to and he didn't this last time it still kills me.......love you for what you do,your an angel ❤❤❤R.I.P. to your Dad
You commented you run race fuel, you do know Leaded fuel clogs catalytic converters right! I love to run 100 octane airplane gasoline, I have to delete catalytic converters to use this, just wanted to let you know!
Thank you for sharing
Your doing the speed limit, LOL.
I love  you  ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
4:32 that camera alone without all the accessories is over $25,000.00. This is why people should stop believing that anyone can do this type of stuff and believing the fake internet and YouTubers stories about starting from a humble beginning without money
Damn she can drive 😍
👍👍👍🙏👍🤟🏎
The medical industry is nothing but a puppy mill in the manner of speaking, how many can we get through in an hour and prove to the patience that we really don't care. I have been ready for 5 years now, everything is planned out and set up. But I try to keep my cement filled hopes up that someone will be willing to help. My spine is fusing naturally, it causes my hands to be hyper sensitive, touching anything is like grabbing a cactus. Bending over to pick something up will cause my legs to go numb instantly. Doctors say there are quite a few things wrong, but being on Medicaid, they only want to run testing and nothing else to help fix the problems. What ever happens, my time will be limited even though there are so many things I would like to do, but I have had it.
Anytime you need an ear
My sympathy to you. Yes its a challenge.  You just have to keep your eyes on Jesus..
So you like the 456 better then the Z06
Struggling with mental health myself, I really respect and appreciate what you do. Thank you  🙂
That’s a pretty cool body kit
E - Crew Strong :) Love You Emelia.
Love this.  ❤
OMG is that a Jindo "your dog"? Where did you get one here in the USA? I lived in South Korea on and off for eight years. Love those dogs 🥰!
I like you!
thanks for sharing. 💜
Emelia hang in there. Yes there is alot of issues that bring things up like you described. Death in the family members. Trigger it. Ptsd and other things. We go through alot. Some how some of us make and some cant. Went through some myself if my friend wasnt there i dont know where i d be today. 😊
Go Girl, But always take care of your self First.
I struggle everyday..
Doing high speed burnouts in a ferrari is dumb.. its not a drift car
its hard when you get so down you just want to give up i and its so bad when you are upset that you woke up but i have to keep on going as I got 3 boys that i never get to see so good to see that your up front keep it up I'm the most happiest when driving my car I'm an ex drift and street drag racer love the cars you have fun keep safe be happy
You truly amaze me with you openness and caring. I send thoughts and prayers your way.
❤👍🇦🇺
Sending love to all suffering from mental health ❤❤ we care, I care
A beautiful young woman leaning against her Ferrari talking about her poor mental health says a lot. The black dog doesn't discriminate people, keep an eye on yourself and your loved ones ❤
That was so cool. Who pays for the tires lol.❤
Move away from California, the mental health of the environment is disturbing.
Hey, girl, are we sorry to hear about your friand and I would like to say... you stay strong? We pray for you and for your friend. So just keep walking straight and don't look back girl, you doing good ....God bless you.
Such  an  intelligent woman  at  an early age and an awesome driver very impressive.
My prayers are with you Emilia , hang in there !!!
That's where we shot Flashback scenes for Fast n Furious 9....soooo much fun
No problemo se are not machines take break and go Roadtrip gold take distance things sometimes😊
please upload ur death
I lost my father to suicide
sorry i have meassage change tech isues computer please sorry dark plase mental issue pete
Crocodile tears, her channel will be down by the years end because it’s fake, maybe she lost her father to mental health and a friend tried but what does that mean. Suicide or what. I apologize if that’s the case but if you are looking for compassion start a go fund me page so your story can be vetted because my people tell me that it’s suspect
been thoungh not qquitr se when it start bearth megitat peace and loveee hugs pete
metal health really goog two hicup,s i love la pryr
thanks for those words, and glad youre friend feels better, im in a simular situation but not simular at the same time, been withdrawing from everyone part from my son since feb this year(2023) when we found out that our mother got doublesided lungcancer witch cant be treated, they tried cemotheraphy but didint help so atm were just waiting and it`s a srsly hard time for me since she`s been more or less the only rock ive had/have apart from my son and watching youre yt vids and listening to whats said has helped me more then anything anyone else said or done so thank you again for beeing you and sharing/talking openly.
Emelia, take care of yourself
you shoot words like a machine gun. take amphetamine, dont you7
I e understand totally but you have grown so much in a style that has become so catching … keep on what you’ keeping on !
I'm sorry
Hi there. My own experience with depression and the help and support I have around me help me a lot. Thank you for caring. I love your show! Nico
Take care Em. Sending love from Hawaii 🤙 love your content it's 🔥
I'm so happy you're doing ok and love your honesty. You're awesome 👌
I like your sense of humor  u into cars like me if I take you out to dinner we have something to talk about cars
Hospital's can't handle the 1050 overload....thank the insurance companies for convincing the government to close down the psychiatric facilities decades ago because they didn't want to have to pay for coverage
Emilia you are an Amazing Lady. I'm sorry for what you have gone through. God be With You Always. Love and Prayers are with you and I love your videos. ❤️❤️❤️🤠
MEDICARE FOR ALL
Here
If you ever need to talk, I'm hete!
Love you hun
Thanks
Thanks for sharing all det happens in yur life !! Ans also the things about mental awerness! My lifechanged totally in march 2020 and after that im a different person , i hade to amputat my leg over the knee after a injury . After that im talking to people about being careful with legs and foots beacause of sepsis. And that is something you must be careful  with to. Burning your leg is not good.
Who cares what anybody else thinks is what you like
That color on that car is super duper sick
Emelia prayers and thoughts are with you. Thank you for sharing the content, love watching everything you all do.  be safe please
It’s ok to not be ok, keep the shiny side up dude, all the best
God bless 🙏
that looks like so much fun
Hi Emelia, I have a son that sufferd from depression and anxiety. I was unaware he had this till it was to late. I lost my son on June 6 2023.  I think you are a verry stong persone to talk about this and bring awareness about this horrible disease to everyone. sorry its hard for me to talk about this. I would like to leave everone wilth some thing i learned the hard way. Nerver tell your loved ones or friends not today maybe tomorrow, becouse tomorrow may never come.
We love you🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿
I hope everything is ok and hope your friend is good
Yes there are helplines, but reaching out for that help is just as hard.
I love you but take a Breath slow down
How do you speak so many words without breathing?
Beautiful. Nice message.
Its called COVID-19, I lost 3 family memebers to it. The fact that you refer to it like that, is a slap in the face to the million family members who lost their loved ones to it.  This is your channel your content, but when you spill shit like that out your mouth it will cost you loyal subscribers like me in the end.
Thank you for speaking of mental health awareness. They need to do better for mental health and the health care system period. I have CKD4 I have 1 kidney it’s on bypass. So I have surgery every five weeks since 2006. So I have dealt with depression and anxiety. The health care system has changed so much. Covid really hurt health care in this country it’s scary. But we have to advocate for each other and fight for each other. Share information with one another to help each other. ❤️
Appreciate you sharing emelia.  Really glad your friend is still alive.  Hope he’s getting the help he needs. Thoughts and prayers
I don't like sad Emelia ☹️
Emilia you're such a wonderful person, caring, loving, funny, brilliant, very beautiful and so  entertaining! I look forward to seeing your beautiful smile, you voice is amazing in that it always cheers me up! I find myself looking forward to seeing all of the amazing things you share with us your loyal friends at your YouTube family! Take care and know that you are loved and we all care about you Amelia! I lost my father as well 😢you are in my prayers, I find sharing with others helps me, it gets better Amelia!
Women of the world... Take a lesson, this is an attractive woman, not some Kardashian clone.
Did I just watch someone get a tire replaced and film a commercial? WTF?
Mental health, yes, not only a daily fight to try and survive, but many times an hour by hour, minute by minute struggle. Not only is it emotionally draining, but also physically demanding as well. Too often one is walking a very thin line like a tightrope walker trying not to fall, teetering, trying to stay in balance and not listen to the voice telling you to just say screw it and check out.
What the hell was that?! Next time tell the production to rent a regular u-crane (or russian arm)
Thank you for sharing, bringing awareness and doing your part to erase the stigma. I also lost my dad to mental health when I was 16 years old and it’s really important to talk about it and you feel less alone in the world when other people share.
Keep up the cool works / life! ; )
Our lifetimes of trauma are held automatically in our subconscious memories and need to be reset using natural healing plant medicines every year love you family
I really apologize....hard
Thanks for sharing.  Mental illness (MI) effects more us than is realized or admitted.  Stay the course.  I have great respect for your "hearts desire".  Your plan looks good.  Your team looks top drawer.  We are wishing you well.  As you do your MI work it will be easier for others as well as for you to talk about it.
💘  Grateful everyone well! !! 🙏 💜   Thank you!!  Luv your sence of humor and personality
She hasnt been posting cuz shes been w me
about baller
Humans are this big, life is THAT big.  To think that an individual will always have the capacity to handle whatever happens in life is just denial.  We all need help at times and after all, we were created to do life together.  It's about relationships.  I pray you all find love, truth, and freedom.  And like someone said, have a great day!
thanxfor sharing
Emily, are you Turkish origin?
Ok I’m curious, I’ve seen various videos now of this young lady with many different type of nice sporty cars which she refers to them as hers. What does she do for a living and how many supercars does she have?
Hey I want to meet you all! I just started following you and I can't stop watching your videos. Where can I meet up with ya?
The work you are doing to raise awareness for mental health is amazing, your merch is awsome, a life long fan 😀💜
Thank you so much for talking about this. I've been dealing with it for about 6 years and it by far has been the hardest season of my life (much worse than my divorce). I was almost to the point of trying what your friend did but I finally reached out for help
I pray that you and your family are covered in the blood of Jesus!! Praise YAH in Jesus's name, Amen sister❤‍🩹
Sorry to hear about your friend, and your food poisoning. l hope you both get better.
Hey Emelia. I recently lost my parents over the last couple years. They did live a great full life. We were extremely close and I Love them dearly. I didn't realize it but I gradually slipped into a state of depression. I was fortunate that I have a great support group around me. I'm slowly coming thru it but it is difficult and easy to mask from everybody around. So sorry for your loss. I get it. Mental health can be a very delicate situation. It seems like it has just recently exploded all around us. We need to take care of our loved ones and friends. Take care.
Raising awareness about mental health issues is incredibly important. More now than ever. Keep spreading the word!
My whole brand is based around suicide prevention and I love helping others and showing them that they have a voice and there will always be someone to talk to and help.
Alex in love w you. 100%
Thank you for sharing your story. Mental health is a pandemic that needs more conversation and awareness. Take care and God bless Emelia.
So close to the 1 million mark, its coming!
Hi Em, Think you bought company car care products congrats...iam resting my surgery from knee surgery 2nd time flipped snowmobile  year ago ps you looked greatsaw ur new car post vettes deal of century...hope all well
I only recently found your channel. I have a 2016 Corvette Stingray that I'm about to start modifying. Nothing outrageous, just some engine mods and carbon fiber trim.  But the main reason I am commenting (which I very rarely do) is because of the attention you are bringing to mental health. On August 30th I attempted to take my life. I won't bore you with all the details, but I did it because I've been in the deepest depression of my life for a year. In fact it was on the one year anniversary of the event that triggered a mild depression after my heart was broken. Yes, I was in love. She said she loved me and wanted to marry me, but just three days after she made me the happiest man in the world by telling me she wanted to marry me, she suddenly ended it for no reason and would not even speak to me. I still have no idea what happened.   I had already lost my older sister just a few months before all of this happened. It was made worse because I was with her when she unexpectedly collapsed and died. I tried to do CPR, but she just wouldn't respond. Then the breakup and ghosting came a few months later. Then in January of this year my father passed away. His health went downhill fast after my sister died. Then my Aunt on my mother's side passed away a few weeks later from Covid. And then my uncle on my Dad's side passed away in April. The depression just kept getting worse and worse. All the regular things I did to pull myself up and go on were no longer working. I'm still struggling and trying to adjust my outlook in life, but it's so damn hard to once you start that downward spiral.  Thank you for your boldness! Thank you for bringing mental health to the forefront. That's the only way we'll be able to stop the negativity associated with mental health!
Look into ketamine infusion therapy for your friend.   Extremely effective treatment that worked wonders for my family member.
Love your site. Would love to go for a ride with you. You driving. Love your smile and every thing about you. Your every guys dream girl.
Ide be applauding her for bringing awareness except for the fact you can see she used makeup an a ton of eyeshadow to look like she's crying an her eyes are reddish. Nice job trying to get some attention. So fake
i miss this video at the release o i understand now what yourez going to trough its hard  i hope evrything goes better for youre friends and condoleance for youre father !
My prayers are with you and your friend, I lost my younger brother to his own actions and it never gets easier.. You don't get over it.. your just forced to deal with it and move on..
u should be on the roman atwood podcast
Sadly mental health care in this country is garbage. It's been this way for decades now and is not getting any better.  My brother suffered from mental health issues for years. We'd regularly get him checked into mental health facilities for observation and treatment.  And nearly as quickly as we'd get him checked in, he'd check himself out. Since he wasn't violent, even the courts would not step in to assist us. The cycle continued for several years until the night he popped a handful of pills and took his own life. The best that you can do for a friend or family member with mental health issues is to never give up. Keep pushing to get them treatment.
Thank you for this video and for being an advocate for mental health. The dangers of depression are real.
It's been hard getting treatment for myself in a Country where I have options. I can't imagine those who suffer in countries that stigmatize mental health issues.
Ur such a amazing woman.  Best wishes for ur friend
Just glad that you're ok, Emelia❣ God bless you furthermore...
I'm disabled Bipolar but on meds,it is rough sometimes but I'm cool
Thanks for that & best wishes to you and your friend.
When you hit 120 miles a hour in 3 rd gear and shift into 4 th do you feel a little vibration?
I have been fighting ptsd and depression for the last 40 years  Mental is a very important subject.
What Woman IS !!!!!
OMG fantastic car Emelia  👍
I lost a very good friend to suicide because like many of us veterans suffer from ptsd and other traumas. I will say this get help. I think men don't get help because we think we are invincible and we have to be like a rock. Well, we arent.
❤❤❤❤❤
God bless you.
Hi Emilia, I subscribed to your channel for about 6 months now and I just found out what you meant by return to life, I’m glad you’re advocating for mental illnesses coz, my son was diagnosed with Autism and he love cars. Thank you  for your channel.
EMILIA I AM GUILTY OF PUTTING YOU IN A CATEGORY OF A PRETTY GIRL IN A FAST CAR ,PROBABLY NO MORE THAN JUST THAT,AND PROBABLY DIDN'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE IN A BALL JOINT AND U JOINT. GUILTY AS CHARGED,THAT WAS A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO WHEN I STUMBLED ACROSS ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS. IT DIDN'T TAKE ME VERY LONG TO REALIZE THAT YOU WERE LIKE A DANICA PATRICK ON THE STREET.WHICH SHE STILL DOESN'T GET ENOUGH CREDIT FOR HER ROLE IN RACING. YOU EMILIA ARE WAY BEYOND JUST A PRETTY FACE AND EASY ON THE EYES. I MUST SAY I AM TRULY IMPRESSED ON YOUR KNOWLEDGE ON CARS,AND THE FACT THAT YOU HOLD THE TITLE OF THE FASTEST NEW CORVETTE WITH ITS TWIN TURBOS WHICH WAS MIND BOGGLING FAST,MADE ME A FAN FOR LIFE. YOU ARE THE REAL DEAL AND YOUR FAN BASE SUPPORT IS AWESOME. YOU SHOULD FEEL VERY PROUD OF WHAT YOU HAVE ACCOMPLISHED OVER TIME IN VIDEOS. IN CASE NOBODY HAS TOLD YOU LATELY,YOU ARE AN AMAZING HUMBLE,KNOWLEDGEABLE WONDERFUL PERSON ,WHO IS STILL EASY ON THE EYES TO WATCH,THAT I'M GLAD THAT I FOUND. THANK YOU FOR SHARING YOUR FAST PACED LIFE WITH US. STAY SAFE AND GOD BLESS YOU AND THOSE AROUND YOU.
Bruh. That last comment caught me off guard!! Totally hilarious. Now I gotta try n clean milk n cookies off my keyboard
My heart goes out to you,your family, and friends im a army veteran and loosing my father to suicide a story just for you in private if you want to hear it , but also a few close army friends but all veterans( my brothers an sisters) who are gone now mental health is so important and the help to learn the tools to help cope . love you and i will keep you in my prayers
So we’ll said this subject should be talked about more often. Prayers sent your way to your friend and your self.
Good job great video! I've had multiple family members and friends that are gone to the same reason. I wish help was taken more. You don't need to have a license to talk to someone.  Lift each other.
Wow first heard about your friend and your Dad. So sorry to hear about this!!! I am relieved to hear that your friend is recovering from two scary attempts.  I just prayed for you and your family. The power of 🙏 prayer actually makes a difference, it certainly has made a difference in my family.  Great video and amazing driving for a girl 👧 😂 I am an F-16 Fighter Pilot who raced Porsches for 12 years back in the 90’s. Just a loving tease, I am sure that you could challenge my driving skills Emelia….. (Not) :)  Enjoyed your video and I will pray 🙏 for your friend and you and your family!!! Be safe and oh did I mention how gorgeous you looked after makeup? Wow U R beautiful and sexy inside and outside. Cheers hot Emelia‼️🇺🇸😎
Thank you for sharing
Thank you dear for that beautiful and touching video I really appreciate you bringing awareness to something that people looked down and ignored for so many years! I lost two very close friends to this myself and it affected me for a long time what could I have done differently... what an amazing shoot and a beautiful day at the track most of us would never get a chance to experience something like that you're very blessed!! All your hard work paying off thanks for all your great videos always!
Live life to the fullest like there is no tomorrow for it is not guaranteed
👍
I am glad i found this video. It is hard for us to talk about mental health especially us men. We are hard wired to bottle our feelings up because "men dont cry"  I my self have attempted twice and honestly frequently think of how much better life for my family and friends would be with out me. But I push on because I see my kids and dont want them to be with out a father that loves them. Again TY for bringing  awareness to this issue. I had to follow you now.
My sincerest condolences to you and your family.  I was diagnosed with clinical depression  32 years ago and anxiety after losing a spouse to Pulmonary Fibrosis.  On a more positive note, I've been a motor sport enthusiast all of my life, and it's nice to see a cool young woman who not only races, but is also an advocate.  You're awesome :)
Because you are pompous and boring!
Thanks for being real , stay strong and keep pushing forward. Tons of respect in Arkansas
Def take you some time to decompress!! Everyone needs a break every once in a while. You earned it ❤. We know you’ll be back better than ever!
You are the actually pretty version of Colette Davis
I also lost my father and 4 friends to mental health issues
You are a kind soul… it takes strength to get help. I’m glad you and your friend are doing better. Please take time for your mental health ♥️
Stay strong like the 458 sweet as your Smile … I’m 60 and lost my family and glad to see your on the right Mind set Oh and one question leaded race fuel and I’m guessing the 458 has new headers with out cats ??
You are such a beautiful person Amelia, not only on the outside but also on the inside :)
Watching on and off several years. You reached me today. Good on You! Sharing my dream project: C5, C6, C7 retrofit AWD Hybrid via in Wheel Hub Drive  for EV Front wheel PLUS integrated control for AWD and Regen. We see the Quality and Price of Z06 and we know E-Ray will be the same or worse. At 73 I can wait anymore. My lovely 2014 Z51 A6 deserves a  chance to live on. It wants to be good to the world. E85, and Hybrid AWD is the answer. With the C5, C6, C7 front end geometry similarities I feel a single design with minor changes should work on 97 and up Corvettes.  As a retired Systems Engineer and owning 8 Corvettes since the 1st 64 in 1966 I really want to see this AWD Hybrid Retrofit come to life. Where do you think I can find any kind of support for this project. I have written SEMA, Callaway Cars and GM but not one peep yet. Take care, Stay well. God Bless Dennis in Virginia
PTSD IS TUFF, I HAVE IT AND SOMETIMES IT IS HARD...I STAYED IN THE ARMY FOR YEARS AND I AM GOOD AT TIMES SO WHAT KEEPS ME GOOD IS DRIVING MY CORVETTE AND LOOKING AT AND DRIVING MY CORVETTE, ALSO ALL KIND OF CARS...THANKS FOR SHARING...
why i stopped posting,, lol, as she keeps posting
Sorry to hear about your friend and it is really honorable how much you care for them.
My God you are beautiful! You are also a baaaaadaaaassssss!!! Stay happy and full of passion! Most love to your friend!
I like your Catfox…. You should read “ lost on the. Appalachian Trail” it’s about a guy who walks the whole trail with one….
You lost me when you covered up the speedometer
Shoulda kept stopped.
From living in the small apartment  where you could barely work on your car in the parking garage in peace too having a collection of cars /workshop and home with 2 car garage like shhhhttt you are freaking killing it and nailing bigtime sponsors and support  cant wait to see  what more is left you are HUSTLINNNNNG!
Flat on the Ferrari….. privileged problem!
Your an awesome lady 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Super Sick video   As a Combat Veteran who suffers with PTS thank you for sharing I have 5 kids 2 grandchildren and one on the way we all must continue our fight in our own way. Prayers for your friend and you.
What is the brand of the wheel on the 458 ??? Are they Forgeline concave 3 piece ???
With so much negative crap on the internet and so many people desperate for attention it is truly heart warming to find such a beautiful soul ! You are an absolute angel sent here to make a difference, I rang the bell because I can't wait to see where you go from here !
But you just did
U should come to irvindale speed way more :) my car shop is by here. I work on transmission and engine .
Shame owner of that place is a a hole
you are very great at fixing stuff im sorry for your dad.
im so sorry that happend :(
taking so many chances driving like a tool on street and a tyre failure just like you found could kill you, pedestrians or other drivers. yes it is reality. let alone those stuffed rear rubber if on the road. I have suffered greatly because of the health system massive failures, having been retired with severe depression from my federal govt job years ago following a total disgraceful acts by Defence dept senior execs bullying me and denying me my rights under law has continued. these idiots get protected after breaking the law and their responsibilities.
How about be a nice person and NOT drive on public roads in a way that could end up killing a family that just wanted to get their dairy queen blizzards? This is my first time on your channel and I hope you don't always drive like this on public roads like you did in the first 2 minutes of your video. Lets all do better, Thanks!
Testimony of Jeremy Thomas Robbins:  When I was a young man I enjoyed what most young party going men liked, such as girls, beer and drugs. I would have sex with any girl, any time and anywhere. For so long I am not sure how many I have been with at this point. I had little to no morals nor cares about anything really. The only thing I held onto was my word as I was taught when I was a child, that a man is measured by his word and to keep your promises. So, IF I said I was going to do something, I did it no matter the cost. That being said, one night I awoke from my sleep. Sat up in my bed and vocally promised myself I was going to read the bible. Not sure why, to this day I still have no understanding as to why I made this my word. But I did, so I read.... and read and read more. Turns out the bible is a rather large book and it was taking me some time to do it. But I gave my word and I kept on reading it and as I read it the words where convicting my soul. I could feel something in my heart start to turn and became uneasy. Then one night, when I was asleep. I awoke to a presence in the hall at the end of my bed. I could see something was there but I was not able to see what it was. Then I heard a disgusting noise coming from it and I told it.  You're disgusting!!  Then out of the silence, out of the darkness I heard.  YOU	ARE	       TO  And it grabbed me.  Then I awoke not knowing I was in a dream as the entire dream was where I was and how I was. "Never had a dream like this before and never had another like it again."  The crazy part.... I still felt right where "IT" grabbed me, as if the tightness of its grip was still on me. To say the least I have seen something that is not normal nor good. There are evil things in this world we can not explain nor understand but I know as true as the air in my lungs. Spirits are real and so is God. This is my testimony.
Emelia, Thank you for opening up about mental health and making people aware. You never know when it will hit someone close to you. Take care and be safe.
Help me build my civic! Please!!!  Lol 1986 civic 4wd wagon 5sp manual...its super clean but im lost on what to do.
Your amazing...selfcare is what is always forgotten. Being the beautiful person your are and the good deeds you do, just remember to take carr of yourself too...dont stop being amazing...
You had me until you started talking about your personal garbage. There are over 7 billion people on this earth and your story is definitely not unique.
Lost my 31yr old 3 months ago. I wish I had food poisoning
I'd only seen a handful of your videos until today. Had no idea you'd gotten that Ferrari..which is beautiful by the way. Props to you and the message you're bringing to the forefront. Glad to hear your friend is safe and you're doing well. I have a hard time getting out of my own head sometimes..maybe I'm easily amused but this video was a great help today. Love the pulls through the tunnels. Thanks for that and you've got one more subscriber for that. Great video
My Shiba looked just like yours I still miss her she got hit by a car when she was two years old. Had to clean all the blood off the street.
MOTUL?  Oh hell no.  I'm not putting french oil in my American car.
Your whole team is goals! I remember when Phoenix was pretty much stock and we were all at the Patterson air strip and to see how far that. Car has come is definitely motivating!
My type of lady
Emelia I'm in UK and just wanted to say you're amazing 👏  luv your channel ❤  x
Thanks for the information. It's the worst thing to live with even with medication it helps but the up and down/bipolar  and the ptsd brings dark scary days where thoughts and things you do only makes since to you.
Boo Hoo, poor rich YouTuber. 😭
I believe your not only a beautiful woman on the outside but but a very beautiful and understanding person on the inside. Thank you for sharing with us what goes on in your life.  Please keep doing what you do and it is exciting to see what can be done not only by the guys that help you make such impressive vehicles, But also showing other Ladies that would like to get involved with the field as you are and demonstrating that you can do anything that you love with a passion. Thank you so much for your inspiration.
Everyone has some mental issues, how bad they are depends on the issues and the person going through them. Encourage those around you, keep those dealing with issues close. Most people deal with them and move on with life.
I've been helping people 1 on 1 online through personal problems, I have been in a mental hospital for attempting as well so I know what it's like to be going through that both on a personal level and trying to help someone with their problems. I won't claim to be "cured" because I truly feel like these emotions and thoughts won't go away, what we need to do is learn to feel the feelings, think the thoughts, and let it pass. The more you train yourself to think the thoughts the faster you'll start to get through the thoughts.  I hope you find the peace you're looking for.
I appreciate you speaking out my mother suffered all her life till 53 and I myself battle everyday I won't let myself beat me.and in Australia mental health has let me down and my mother who suffered even more in there care it's a real sore point so I can't go into dealts but they can hide the event but I won't forget .RIP MOM MATE DAVE AND ROBBIE. YOU WILL ALWAYS BE REMEMBERED
Emilia you are a female version of stradman it's so accurate it's scary
Smart to blur the dash 😂
Great video Emilia,it’s awesome that you,re raising awareness for this type of thing which affects so many people,keep up the great work & the awesome videos,definitely one of the best car YouTubers out there
Saw your commercial today.
😎
The Mental Health in this Country is Terrible  very very BAD.
been helping some of the people i know i love with depression even if i tell them not to be afraid to pray for how they feel cause i used to be in depression my self and ended up pulling through were i came a survivor after meeting jesus where my life has changed alot since i cant explain how he works in mysterious ways
My mum took her life at 46 in 2009. She watched her mum get hit by a truck at 5 years old, she never learnt how to cope or how to deal with what she had seen.  Drugs were her only outlet.  At 45 she started to get professional help and everything was brought back to the surface for her and she just couldn’t handle it.  As much as it hurts I understand, as much as you try you have to see and find positive anywhere you can.  Some way some how.  Stay strong
Vette autocorrect crap😆
Is the 458 quicker than the better?
Alex  seems pretty excited about it.
Hi Emelia, I have also suffered and still suffering from depression and anxiety, so if more people, like yourself, brought more awareness about this horrible disease the better off everyone will be. I wrote a long post on my depression and posted it on Facebook and I was amazed at the amount of people who couldn't identify a person suffering from depression. I lost my business because of depression and now I am unemployed and scared to death of facing a new world. Thank you Emelia. x
Im so glad to see u r ok n ur friend is ok hope everything stays great im glad to hear about ur prombles so thanks for ur videos
Brush off the dust girlfriend and remember, "You cannot please all of the people all of the time, but, if you TRY you can make some people very happy ALL the time."
ferrari and burning... yea they like to....
Dear Amelia, Prayers going up for your friend to be healed totally from depressions etc. In Jesus Holy and Glorious name I pray, Amen and Amen.
You Rock! You're doing a really good thing for people... (regarding your Dad and Friend)
Love the Red Shiba! My wife has  a Black & Tan
I just saw your Motul Commercial. Great job!
Hi Emelia! I went to one of those 24/7 places and they were closed!!!!!! I went back and said: Hey I came by here and you were closed!!! Your sign says open 24 hrs. They guy replied, We didn't say all in a row. dooooh! New to you channel, have been enjoying your videos and subscribed. Question? You must be a rich girl to have all those awesome awesome cars! Happy for you! Cheers and blessings from Motown, be safe!
I see mental health becoming a larger issue as more propaganda is being pushed. It hard for people who see the truth, yet can't confirm it's the truth with others as they do not see it.
1:44 I have never seen a girl speeding like this. Obviously it's all according to the law
All these dude commenting saying tha k you I guarantee more then half dont even mean it that just saying it cause your hot. I honestly cant stand when youtubers do this shit. Dont get me wrong I feel bad for your friend/brother. He is obviously going threw some tough shit. But we do not need to know every aspect of your life. Who cares if you were gone for a while.
Emily it doesn't matter what the circumstances are losing a parent is hard on everybody I suspect your dad was very proud of you've pulled everything around you're doing things you're making things happen well done hang in there and I'm sure your parents are proud
Ford.... Gross 🤢🤢🤢🤢
I understand what your going through I just los my mother in law and father in law one to cancer and one to natural cause’s my father passed away in my arms while ice fishing from a heart attack 3 years ago there were days I didn’t want to be here anymore and attempted once I have since been seeking help for my mental state and working at it every day on it. Thank you for being a great person and caring for others but don’t forget about your self and never give up push through and work at it every day. Thank you from Eric mahnke out in Minnesota 😉
Keep being bright light  in the darkest days
Emelia. So real. So genuine. So human. You are a boss and a class act! 👏
Always take time for you. You are the most important thing. We can wait and rewatch many great videos.
Congrats on the commercial, your honesty is amazing, stay strong 🖤💜🖤💜🖤
Blurring out the speedometer....nothing to see here, move along....
Loved the tunnel sounds. I think everyone with a loud exhaust on their vehicles does this at times.
Manscape really I'm a guy!!  I ONLY USE EPILADY 🤣🤗
That dog looks part 🦊 fox
.......
I wouldn't even be able to imagine this kind of life style, but its awesome to see someone crankin out...  Maybe one day my son will be able to buy a 458 and let me drive it...
In the last month I've lost my wife of 15 years (best friend for 25yrs), lost my daughter, my job and soon my home. The only reason I haven't checked out is because I could never leave my dogs like that.   I have no family for support and my friends all have their own lives to deal with. As well as, they are all successful and I no longer feel like I'm an equal to them.   I wish you all the best in life and hope that you never has to walk in my shoes, even for a step. Maybe in the next life I'll actually get a chance to win.
Listening to your voice and looking into your eyes was causing me to tear up. Thank you, Emelia, for all you are doing to help bring awareness.
Great video!
Wow, did not realise the problems she had been dealing with all this time. Emelia always seems so happy, living the perfect life, but little did many of us know she has been through a lot. The mental heatlh issues is a growing concern for us all. The town I live in Ireland had for a long time the highest suicide rate in the country. I know one group of friends here in which 11 of them took their own lives in the early 00's. 11 of them, an astonishing figure! Mostly to do with drugs I was told. Depression is an awful thing and almost impossible to spot if someone is like Robin Williams, the happiest man on the outside but inside is eating themselves. In the last year alone in a small town 5 minutes away I think there have been 5 suicides and the population of this town is tiny. One man had 3 kids and his wife was carrying a fourth. It's absolutely heartbreaking to hear.  I've had sever depression my self years ago and talking to a therapist squashed it all. Don't know why men seem to think seeing a therapist is weak or their to embarrassed to talk about their problems, but it works. Talking to someone is the best way to get better and there really is no shame in it. Its incredible what a good therapist will get you talking about to uncover what exactly is going on and then work on a plan to get your life back in the right direction with a more positive outlook! Just talk to someone lads, its that simple!!
🤗👍
You're amazing!
Gentle on my mind is a great song from Glen Campbell, that Emelia reminds me of:  it's knowing that your door is always open, and your path is free to walk That makes me tend to leave my sleeping bag  rolled up and stashed beyond your couch  I trust Emelia's ordeal to be soon over, stay strong and be hopeful.
❤️
Thanks for bringing the awareness to mental health and resources I battle every day with mental health issues
Insane exhaust Emelia! I love it!
Hats off I hope you're good I lost my little brother years ago thank you for bringing awareness it's rough ...(Ecru)
10:35 Should also address  The “disease” that demo crats Will Not allow anyone to speak about.
Icariin , check it out !
Honest to god true beauty cannot be faked and what an all around beautiful person you are is inspiring in a world full of negativity.
Thank you for everything you do. I support you as much as I can due to me having mental health issues myself and lots of time I can watch your videos and it brings me back. I cry alot watching these type of videos bc I feel like qe do connect when you talk the things you talk about. I just wanna say thank you so much and thank you for your hardwork experience you go through and share with us. Words that I can't express of how thankful I am for you and this community. ❤
**** PAY ATTENTION! **** The Purpose of the Psychs is to destroy minds...not heal.   Pharma OWNS the Medical Journal.  Sociology is all taken from the Psychs.   PSYCHS and their deadly drugs: they are the cause...not the solution.  They tricked the world into thinking you're just a body...and fooled science in the bargain. Confusion is their MO.  PSYCHS: psychology and psychiatry - the most evil bodies of knowledge and entities on Earth and their right arm; Big Pharma.  There is no such thing as a disorder, and personalities are not diseases ...its already been proven they made up every one of them to sell drugs, ruin minds and destroy societies.  The reason America has collapsed is because of this insidious influence, purposefully planned... Using exact gaslighting techniques to create a false help and tolerance training to indoctrinate victim thinking, and disable a population from coherent actions.  This is all Psych technology is intended to do, make people insane. To indoctrinate everyone into believing you're the effect; not cause.  A couple of us have the answers...you aren't looking closely enough.  The Psychs are the plague you didn't see coming...it is an evil of such magnitude you cant even confront it.  THE PSYCHS ADMIT: THEY DONT KNOW ANYTHING AND HAVE NEVER CURED ANYONE.   Start w CCHRs research documentaries...cchr.org  Good luck JK Homo Novus
I remember when you just had 200,000 followers and explained everything with such enthusiasm. The difference to many others is simple, you know what you are talking about and have remained so authentic. This is probably the secret of your success. Please keep doing the same. Greetings from Berlin.
Very nice take it easy as it comes. And give it as you do. .
Hair and makeup done.  Wearing helmet???
As a former race car driver and drifter, I must say that you have great driving skills!
That sound. Wow. My first time here. Way fun.
I feel ya.  Had just about everything ripped from me and now I'm 98% hopeless
Glad you're okay.  As of this post, there are 914,000+ that think you're special.
Amelia you have bigger balls than most guys I know thank you so much for sharing on mental illness which is something that runs in my family that took a lot of courage and I'm sure you made God smile for your honesty
Got to love it hot hot!
Shouty, piercing, irritating voice. Hurts my ears. Moving on.
Ms. Emilia I would just like to commend and thank you for your ability to bring awareness to such a horrible sad battle that puts a permanent solution on a temporary problem.  I have dealt with depression my whole life.  I know have 3 children and my 10 year old daughter has been dealing with depression and thoughts of hurting herself and trying to get a child help for mental wellness was something I thought would be no issue at all.  I spent 3 days on the phone with various doctors offices and mental health facilities and got no where because no one wanted to put a 10 year old little girl on antidepressants.  They had no issues giving her meds for ADHD.  That was one of the most frustrating and difficult things I had to do in a very long time.  I don't know what we would of done if it wasn't for our family and friends providing helpful suggestions and just an ear to listen and a shoulder to cry on.  I wear a bracelet everyday that says "It's not weak to speak. Suicide, talk about it". I have lost friends and fellow soldiers that I knew when I was in the military to depression so awareness needs to be a huge priority!!  Thank you for sharing this you are awesome girl!!!!!  Again thank you for the awesome content and honesty.  That little 10 year old  girl now loves to watch your videos with her daddy we make a date night out of it.
What happened to the subie ??
Thanks for posting this. Glad there's a number to call and glad you mentioned mental health. It is so very important.
Your a loving,caring person! I love 💕 you and just worry about your family.. please take care of yourself.. we’ll be here when you come back!
You're awesome, in my profession I deal with so much of the reality of mental health issues. The resources are dwindling, the hospitals are overwhelmed and there is literally NO help. Thank you for sharing resources for those in need.
Such a beautiful car... love that color as well.
8:34 led? is that even allowed? I hope you know how ffing toxic that shit is. If you inhale that it likely causes down syndrome or at least a lower IQ to your future children if you would have any. Go watch Veritasium's channel and his vid "The Man Who Accidentally Killed The Most People In History".
I am sorry that you are having a hard time these days, it is never an easy thing to talk about when it comes to mental health issue of your own let alone that of a family member.   People always after the fact that if they had called me or if I had known or they should have asked for help, thing is Emelia people like your dad and friend and others have shown sign of their impending thoughts it's just that people don't know what to look for when it comes to someone thinking about taking their own life.  Many times, people will show you what you want to see or what they think you should see because of the stigma of being called ridiculous or you are just looking for attention or even, don't be stupid what's so wrong with your life that makes you want end it.  There are many reasons for this, some are big like rape or physical impairments and some as small as someone bullying you at school to people just not giving you the attention that you are looking for from them, it doesn't matter.  What does matter is that people learn to treat one another with love and respect, look for the little Suttle signs that they may be having trouble in their lives that are leaving them feeling worthless, unworthy of being a live anymore.  It is not about if you care because everyone cares, it is, do we care enough to see them not just looking at them but really see them. It is a good thing that you take the time to talk about the mental health issue and your issue as well, more people young and old should be aware of this because everyone will go through this at some point in their own lives, if for themselves for someone they know and love, one of them being their older family members in their end stages of life, not wanting to be a burden on their children or grandchildren.  Spread those words of encouragement Emelia as you do through your work and social media, Knowledge is power and one day maybe it helps someone who is in need get the help they need for themselves, their friends and their family.  Take care of yourself Emelia Hartford and "Keep the Faith".  Aloha!
So proud of your success
Prayers...
This is the 2nd video I've watched since finding you . You rock 👍 hang in there. Love the fast cars.👍
Get off social media as soon as possible.  Close it all down and live your life. Go outside and blend in. Give your ego a break.
Thank for being a gift of god let him bless u
Oddly, you stopped posting and I stopped watchin'.
Thank you are an inspiration to all, I lost my son and my wife and suffered really bad with mental health and watching your videos has really helped me mentally I feel more positive got a better outlook on life and I thank you so much gorgeous Xx
:(
Livin' life. And cute ❤️
So we have a female stradman life is complete
If you want a flat a week, stick with your Cup 2s.  If you want no flats and 2x the traction, get R888Rs.
So glad that you and your friend are doing well.
I wish she crashed at 7:56 because it woulda brought her down to earth, she’s been getting cocky and annoying progressively
Em......get level take care of yourself first....as much as you think can't carry  The weight of the world on your shoulders its hard but u can do ur best to care and help others...be thankful .for positive things that have happened  in your life.
I bet the speedometer was blurred is because she was doing the speed limit
When my brother and I came back from Iraq 2003-2004, we both had our issues. He went to the VA and begged for help two different times. And I mean begged. Both times they told him they have no room in the hospital. ANY, of them. After the last time he asked, they gave him pills and sent him home. The next day he was no longer with us. I will never forgive, or TRUST, the VA again......
So glad you're so open My niece and daughter do different charity events and one of the causes they do it for is mental health so thank you
Love
We must let our past wounds heal although uncomfortable to address them it is critical to healing and growth.
Comments aside...the thumbnail is a pose which really lowers credibility
People think they can just drive around no plate that's just dumb.....  U have all that money and can't even pay for a plate or register it smh
Universal health care should be a fact for all people, not just those who have insurance. Make sure you vote for candidates who support this issue.
Love you girl
https://youtube.com/shorts/fm2IUEE0hlw?feature=share
I’m so sorry for your friend as we know soo much about mental illness it’s a bear to put it lightly as allot of my family has it so gods speed !!! 😎🇺🇸🦅👍🏻
My wife lost her brother earlier this year. No one knew his struggles until after the fact. Love the channel
You are a great soul Emelia....
🙏🙏
Lost my son 3 years ago.  WHAT DIFFICULTY FOR ONE VAN BE IMPOSSIBLE FOR ANOTHER.
Is that the Sherman Way tunnel under the Van Nuys Airport Runway?  Sure looks familiar.  In 1983 I had just finished rebuilding the transmission in my 1978 Trans Am T/A 6.6 and at about one or two in the morning I stopped in that tunnel and floored it, spinning the tires.  I was checking that the transmission was tight (and having fun doing it - it sounded amazing in that tunnel).  The fun ended a few moments later when I was stopped and given a citation for "Exhibition of Speed" by an overzealous officer.  Showed up to court to plead my case (middle of the night and no traffic at all and I didn't even break the speed limit) and the Judge said, "Where's your lawyer?"  I told him I was representing myself.  He said, "I'm issuing you a continuance.  Get yourself a lawyer.  This is a misdemeanor charge and you can go to jail for this!"   WTF?!?!?!  So I got a lawyer.  Cost me $200 (1983) dollars and the charge was plead down to a $20 speeding fine (though I didn't even reach 30 mph).  Still a semi-fond memory.  Because it sounded that good in that tunnel.
Thank you for bringing up mental health!  America has a serious mental health problem.  Besides people brushing it off as not a real issue, it is often stigmatized.  America used to have federally funded mental health care but it was removed due to financial costs and questions on the quality of mental care.  If you go visit any major city downtown such as LA and SF, you'll find many of the homeless people there have serious mental and/or drug problems.  Some have mental problems and take drugs to try to cope, others have drug issues that develop into mental issues because of drugs.  Very rarely is someone homeless because they choose to be.  They can no longer function in society so they live on the streets.  These are not people who are lacking job prospects or priced out of homes because of high living costs as Fox news and others would like you to believe - these people have serious issues that need serious help.    Lots of people will yell "get a job" at someone who is homeless.  I see this every day and this is not the answer.  We need some serious systemic help for these people.  The 1st step is to acknowledge the problem.
Emelia, my son suffered from mental health and had some very rough times. We are very fortunate to get him the resources and care he needed, but I was a police officer for 30 years that dealt with people suffering from mental health issues daily, I was always frustrated with the 'system' and lack of resources for them. Unfortunately, people suffering from mental health issues get 'pawned' off on the police, rather than getting the help from medical professionals. My son was one of the rare few that got the help and resources he needed, I hope your friend gets the help he deserves.
I know you wont see this, but i just recently lost my best friend to mental health.  Tried to help him multiple times. Shook my world.! Stay strong
Stay away from drugs Amelia, please.
Thanks for bringing awareness everyone needs a mental health break .
F12 dear.
Thank you.
thx Emelia for all the beautful video that you make it s so important that what you said can make a difference and you just see the tips of the iceberg  but you are something you can not imagine a very big figure on the net thx again
Emelia Thank you. I have been going through PTSD Do to a truck driving Accident. you filming this does help.
Just so you know, you make me proud, each and every time that you post!!
I feel for you. Sorry to hear it. But the thumbnail ? Seriously the clickbait shit. people need to really seperate life from work.
Oh yeah, I absolutely love your cars!
Your such a sweet young lady! I'm keeping you and yours in my prayers. You have such a blessed life, make sure you don't waste it. So far I don't see that happening. Bless your sweet heart!
I strive to be this ferrari driver some day… but I wouldn’t say I to the point where I could drive mine like this yet
🥺❤️❣️
Over here in Australia machinist put all the parts that are going to be in a customer engine they have climate control rooms.   They put all your parts in the room so they are at the same temperature and they do all the machining and assembly in the room.   This was first done by a V8 supercar driver here in Australia and the Nissan engineering and ceo heard about how they were building their engines and how they were driven as hard as possible at 7500rpm for 1000 kilometres around Bathurst race track.   Being in the right place at the right time I was talking to a builders son that I have known for 10 years by then got a visit from Larry Perkins and the guy I was talking to told Larry about how my brother was building a engine and he didn’t know what piston’s he would use for what he was doing with the car.   Shocked and surprised Larry Perkins asked for pen and paper and wrote down his address of the engine building shop and said for my brother and I to meet him there on the date he put on the piece of paper.   This is before mobile phones and when we got to the address I couldn’t believe how the day was going to be. I had a torana with a V8 and it was like brand new and sounded nice and different to other cars the same because one of my mates owns a exhaust shop and he did the exhaust and he wouldn’t make the same for anyone else.   Larry came out and told me were to park and then said he would love to see my car before we went inside so I said look at it nah and stopped got out of the driver’s seat got in the back and said you can drive it and then have a look.   My brother was in the front nervous because he was a race car driver and I was excited because he was my favourite driver and he asked what I had done to engine gearbox and diff and I said they were all tough enough for however he wanted to drive.   With that he was going pretty quick and feeling the car and how it performed and after 5 minutes he was at a intersection and said could he drive it harder and if anything broke he would replace it before we went home today.   I said it’s okay you can drive how you want because I haven’t broken it since having it to the way it is now and then he drove it like he was in a police chase and had to get away. Hey was flat out for the 15 minute drive back to his performance shop and when he stopped at the spot to park he said that he would have loved to have my car back in the 70s racing.   He asked how I got the rear to work so well as this was hard to set up and I said I had air shocks and they had single valves so I could add exactly what psi I needed in each one.   Then after looking at the motor and asking about who did my exhaust and spending about 4-5 hours with us and showing us the engines and me asking why they were in rooms and he gingerly explained how they built engines and no one else was doing it this way he said hopefully they don’t find out after we left and I told him then that there’s no way because he was my favourite driver and my brother wouldn’t because he had the best time and we couldn’t thank him enough.   Then he called over one of his chief engineers and said could he grab the box that he had worked out for my brother and we didn’t know what he meant then he came back with a decent size box and a piece of paperwork on top.   What he then said was the box was for my brother but for him to leave with it he was going to need him and I to sign a confidentiality agreement with them and that we wouldn’t let anyone copy or get measurements of the 10 piston’s he was giving my brother and the mechanic that was building the engine had to sign one as well.   We signed straight away and then my brother said I don’t think I have enough money with me and asked if I had any he could borrow and I said of course but after signing the paperwork Larry then said these were going to set my brother apart from the other entrants.   My brother’s car was going to be for cruising around the Gold Coast and racing cars on the highway and then when car shows were on he would enter it in one event.   The event was the burnout comp and for the three years my brother entered into the events 3-4 a year he would be at 7500rpm and in drive which is 3 gear   and would pop both tyres in under 4 minutes.   He sold the car with the motor still in it and the new owner painted it a different colour and he was wining burnout comps in the state he lived in and I think he called my brother and asked him were did he get the piston’s done and from because all the performance shops were he went to had seen them and couldn’t get all the information to get them for his new engine and my brother said he got them from a guy that I had met and he was a guy in a country town that sold them to me for my brother to use and that’s all he could tell him.   The guy begged for my phone number off my brother and he simply said that I wouldn’t give him any information because they were made as a one off and I would not be happy giving anyone information and then have some guy calling and asking for the guy’s information especially since I was lucky enough to have him build me a couple of engines for other cars I owned.   First engine was for my torana as the one I had was getting old and the second one was for my Holden commodore VS V8 ute and I had that engine stroked to a 355 and was going to start figuring out how to put twin turbo in the car and at the time dyno machines weren’t that advanced in Australia so never got to complete that.   The guy that did twin turbo a V8 was Todd Wilkes and his nickname was JUDGE and he started the crazy amount of horsepower we now see at Summernats and he was one of the guy’s we used to hang around unfortunately he was showing his car to news reporters and other car reporters and they sent him the wrong way down a quarter mile track and his throttle got stuck on full and he hit a wall between 150-200km per hour.
https://youtube.com/shorts/rHM3gjOaqOc?feature=share
Catholic Charity was a huge help in my life at a time of need.  Haven't tuned-in awhile the Ferrari is sick.
lost a brother as well to mental health.  take the time you need when you need it.  working with the health system trying to get people help is tough.  you're doing amazing work bringing attention to this. thank you
; if you know you know
I dig you for all your car stuff, and the fact you're a girl playing in the boys arena. I was raised by a strong, single mom with 2 younger sisters in a family of very strong, confident women and I know my experience gives me a different view on life, and I'm so grateful for that.  But yeah, beneath everything, each day is a different experience for every individual and just having the awareness that no matter what's going on, the fun, the laughs even the hard stuff. Those around us are having a different day and if we take time out to really get in touch with that, understand and be a friend to others? That means more in the end than all of the other stuff.   As someone who spent a majority of my younger years being an asshole, I finally got it, and it changed my life, and I hope for those around me as well.   Since then I've tried to be a person who helped change others lives as I ended up in a place where I could. The feeling that comes from realizing you did something to help someone else? ... it's a feeling that is indescribable, you can't buy it, but it's magical, and helps you see the world in a way you otherwise would never know exists.   It was so sweet to see you lay it out there for real, because it is real and it sometimes is a matter of life, and death. Life is so short, make it worth being here and make a difference. Thumbs up kiddo. That's what I would say to my sisters.
Thanks for sharing and for your mission WRT mental health!  Glad you and your friend are doing ok.
Mental health deaths are approximated at 8 million a year worldwide. 8 MILLION. That’s 4x as many then the other certain disease we won’t mention killed in a single year. The mental health crisis is a real pandemic. But unfortunately it’s still poorly funded despite being extremely deadly… just because you can’t catch it doesn’t mean it’s not real. One single bad thing that happens to someone can make it an ailment that takes years, or even a lifetime to suppress, coupled with all the side effects that come with it! It’s no joke!
You are awesome for what you do . Your dad would be very proud of you.❤️
I do hope you're friend is OK and look after yourself, I do know exactly how you feel as I broke my back three years ago and can't do anything I used too it's totally changed my life I did attempt suicide and got help I'm sort of ok now but still have moments I'm not, so doing what you do is amazing and taking time out is a must for self sanity I love you and really respect what you do as its what I used to do but can't anymore and watching you're channel grow is amazing keep up the awesome work and look after yourself xx😘😘
Congratulation on earning a spot to be a national commercial. Wish my cousin understood that suicide is a permanent answer to a temporary problem.
Who cares
randomly see this channel pop up, but it seems like Emelia is the female version of Stradman. drink 10 cappuccino's and 20 red bulls before talking into a camera for youtube.
It’s very hard in AMERICA to get help with mental health. Most other places have soooo many outlets!
I thought I just said something 🤔...jk love ya GRRL, HEAD HIGH
What a great lady!!!  No wonder you have done so well.
Gws
I deal with it everyday and have pain on top of that so never look at someone and think they have it all together ❤ 💯
Absolutely insane Emelia! You keep your game improving amazingly. Sorry what you've been through.. Thanks for reaching out discussing topics not many people want to share with others.
New subscriber from Mike Myke . He didn't send me but I got recommended in the feed ! Great work
Shoutout that Pfaff Cayenne
Thank you for taking the time to share with us about mental health issues and as I have some of my own things that I’m going through. You have opened up my eyes and brought a tear to my eyes as just how open you are about it. yet I still haven’t found a way to try to deal with my own problems yet, but I will be looking forward to seeing more of your build’s soon. Thank you for all that you do for the mental health it really means a lot to us.
All the best for your friend, very lucky to such a lovely person looking out for him. Keep your chin up, hope all turns out well
You are a good person Emelia!!!
This girl got it all
While I don’t know her personally, Emelia seems to be a truly amazing person.
God Bless you sweat-heart. Thank you for sharing.
Feels like I’m watching stadman
Prayers going out to your friend/family and you and your Family and friends.
Take all the time you need . We’re not going anywhere . My son has made plans and i know how much supporting him affects me mental health .
Excellent input!
You have to learn to say F—k it when things are getting to you.  You gotta have a defensive mechanism when life is overwhelming you and just back off and say to yourself F—k it.  Whatever’s going on is not worth giving into depression.  Be strong and if it’s dealing with other people that are causing these issues then sometimes you gotta cut your losses and save yourself.
I think it's a big move on your side to open up about such a personal thing! I wish you all the best for the future ❤️!
Stay positive mental health is always a hard tobic to discuss. Glad you were able to share hope all is well for all involved
This is way too hot to watch. Dang her Ferrari sound like f1. Love the body kitts brah. I just kin love the sound of that italiaaaaaaa vruuummmm.  Flexin flexin flexin. Maybe have the annoying bomb sound😁✌️. Nahh it's already perfect.
Your stronger than most for speaking out. Smart, amazing and tough. Keep being an inspiration!
Thank you Emilia for sharing and being real. I deal with Bipolar and it’s hard. Counseling, meds, just can’t get it all right and balanced still after 10 years of trying to get help.  It’s real.  Appreciate your videos, they are interesting, educational, and make me laugh.  Thank you.
I deeply appreciate your words and so do many others, much love from Northern Canada i
Mental health is nothing easy to talk about… but it’s refreshing to see someone with a massive audience do it  My wife and I are both prior military and deal with it, me personally have dealt with 2 dif friends decide they were done and I’ve dealt with both my teenage daughters give it a half hearted attempt so it’s very real to me and I appreciate it
I suffer from mental health problems I was active duty for 6 years and I have bad PTSD and Ive been checked in before  I used to be scared to tell people  but now I'm no longer ashamed of it . I'm good right now. But days in not and when I get bad I go get help.. but I know how it feels to loose friends to mental health . It sucks . Glad your still around
Guess I'll play devils advocate.. Why couldn't he be 302'ed to prevent anything from happening? Full beds or not on a 302 they will find him a inpatient facility even if no beds are available local. Sure if he knows the system he can turn it into 201 but will still be evaluated rather then pushed back onto the street.
Wow blown away, your father would be so proud of you.
You’re such and amazing beautiful woman!  You have a loving caring soul that is reflected in every video and situation that you share with us.  Wish you nothing but happiness and success!
You are amazing!!  You show true heart❤️.
Much love, Emelia🧡
Emilia thank you for sharing about the mental health awareness and for helping out your loved ones and the community. ❤
First time I've watched one of your videos. I thought you were just a hot chick with some sweet cars. You are an inspiration, and a role model for anyone who will listen. I'll sub and binge your channel now, and leave my standard "comment for the algorithm 👍" on all your posts. God bless you Amelia.
I really like your brand (messaging).  It’s refreshing to see a woman excelling in what’d be considered the male dominated realm of motor sports.  The personal challenges only add validity to your content.  Full applause 👏
You know there's not that many women that look that freaking beautiful and can drive that freaking well beautiful car my lady nice work..
Fare play to you for what your doing  mental health issues are not talked about enough .hope your friend is OK. You are all beautiful people. Keep it lit.
Enjoyed the whole video and the closing about mental health. Fully recognized the return to life going on even in my own. After my separation and now divorce I realized how much of what I enjoyed I gave up which made me a happier person and a better role model for my daughter.  It is also where I came up with my shirt for my 2guys1boat channel.  Says "living is an expensive hobby: physically, financially, emotionally." For myself I don't see it as a negative but I've been told by some it can be.  Your return to life can only be seen as a positive imo.  Keep doing you, you're all doing great.
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
People need to talk about it.  People could do with more real talk and asking for help.  You aren't alone and I pray you get real resolve to the harships you face.  I believe the only reason I am okay mentally is because of getting help not only from other people (council) who know, but from the God of the Bible (Jesus).  We weren't meant to do life apart from God, but instead, with God in a personal relationship with Him.  We do need help from others 100%, but the Bible is where I found understanding and healing from my problems.
You are very much loved Emelia, Stay strong sis. Your videos help so many people, and your a kickass woman!
I absolutely appreciate you making mental health awareness and sharing your friend’s struggle.  I pray he can find the help needed and that he is needed down here with us.  My dad tried taking his life when I was 14 and it was one of the hardest things to understand at my age then. Watching him struggle and realize he needed help and went to an inpatient facility was hard to watch him cry every time we came to visit but he did get better. I am rooting for your friend and hope he notices his worth here with us!!!  Much love!!!
E!!!  >>> Do SOMETHING with Ken BLOCK...!!!   ALSO > Being CREATIVE helps in Life, struggles & YouTube.  Stay CREATIVE & STRONG.  Life IS.  Life is DOING.  I muscle though hard times - doing something, working hard, keeps me "moving forward"...  Keep the Faith!
Wow. This hits home. My wife kept getting sent home. She didn't try the  commit suicide but she didn't want to live anymore. I will not pretend to understand what you go through. But know that we are here for you and we love all of you.
So you took 10 minutes to get to the point with a clickbait title? You are taking advantage of your friends situation and it's disgusting
I found my father after he decided he couldnt continue with the pain of his rotator cuff surgery any more, and if i had a personal stigma towards seeking help, i would have ended up in the same place, as my highschool sent a truency officer to my house the next couple of days because i was missing standardized testing, and apparently it was and maybe still is illegal to miss testing if you've already started no exceptions, but apparently they let you take a few more days if you have a traumatic event. Reach out to people. The only thing it can do is help.
What a great heart you have..So many people can learn so much from you,, Thank you, Emelia.
Best comment ever, “No, but I have a boba card”
Emelia is a very impressive human being, in EVERY WAY! Stay strong girl, and remember, you only fail when you give up.
Make everyone happy and stop posting permanetly. Tired of hearing all your woah is me sob stories and your driving million dollar cars. Awwwww poor things depressed a fucking milionair and crying depression. PISS OFF
FUCK I ALMOST CRIED ------------ listen man i message you john doc because mental health is real~! i am suicisual with 2 kids IM ONLY ALIVE BECAUSE MY DAUGHTERS NOW ------ god bless you me them all #WITHLOVE
Ty for sharing hun stay strong and positive and keep having fun
Thank you for being so human and real.
From someone who struggles every day with my mental health…thank you! I don’t know how to talk about it but I know I need to find help.
Hi Emilia, you should add the number 988 to your car or cars to help bring more awareness.  Keep up the good fight.  Thoughts and prayers are with you, your lived ones and friends.
Pays to be beautiful and amazing 🤭
Excess wants you to feel sorry for them.....Fools will
You are great Emelia 😊
I cannot get over the sound that car makes! It is nothing short of EPIC!
E CREW WE OUT HERE W LOVE AND STAY STRONG  N SWEET..THANK U MS. EMELIA VERY MUCH RETURN TO LIFE...U CAN DO THIS FOR REAL KICK ASS DAILY...GOD BLESS US ALL...
Dang Em, The Ferrari looks SICK!
We need free healthcare in this country.  We don't need Republicans.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE test drive a Caterham 620R  PLEASE!
Love the RETURN TO LIFE sticker but do you make it as a Windshield Banner aswell so we/ I can spread the message as a Bold Statement on both my cars
I can't wait to see that commercial
blurring the speedometer only means your doin over the speed limit
2006 is when my only brother took his life...boy did that hurt & still does.😢😢
Thank you, a little insight & knowledge strategically placed speaks volumes. Thanks for sharing. We'll be here as long as your here. We got your 6.
Emelia x Alex Choi photo/video shoot 🔥🔥🔥
Thank you for talking about mental health you can heal from this with the right guidance love and respect my friend
On behalf of the Team.We all have your back Emelia Hartford all ways and forever. Stay strong and tell anyone take it one day at a time one step at a time. We all are just human and no one is perfect. There is all ways some one to talk too even if its just for simple things. Life is amazing and we all deserve a good life. To all of you god bless Fam........
Try a Lexus LC 500
Corvette, mmmmm! My kind of car. I used to work for GM, Corvette in Kentucky. Corvette is not Ferrari, Lamborghini, or Mazeratti. Corvette is a muscle car, and I hope Emilia appreciate driving a Corvette, and she then explain to viewers why Corvette is not in direct competition with the likes of Ferrari, Lamborghini, or Mazeratti.
I’m proud of you for following your heart and gut, doing what you believe and love DOES pay off.  Thank you for keeping it real, we all need to see that being real can be prosperous and happy
Hey amelia, do you do giveaways? I'm on Instagram with someone saying I won something.
You're awesome and that Ferrari 458 sounds amazing and the color is okay looks good and I'm sorry to hear about what you're going through and I'm glad you are getting though it keep up the good work and I hope you're friend gets though whatever is bothering them
Her vlogging style reminds me a lot of stradsman
You have a basenji! How beautiful! Uhh I went thru throat cancer and that was horrible and devastating because I can’t eat by mouth and I did the same as your friend but after being locked up for 90 days that straighten me out and I completely stopped drinking and doing drugs and it’s been 2.5 years so I hope the very best for your friend.
Great video and it’s very true how important mental health is, it’s no joke and it can affect others as well as yourself. Hope your friend is doing better, keep up the good work.
From someone who it’s struggling with major depressive disorder I can tell you that there are people out there that care.  Just reach out and don’t feel afraid or ashamed to talk to someone.  ❤️  cars are always there, just take it one day at a time and there are people out there that need you and want to see you the next day.  ❤️
Thank you so so so much for talking about this. Break the stigmatism!
I glad alot of youtubers are talking about this. Im of to rehab tomorrow 2nd time 50 days. Ill see yall then. Never quit, Million $ bogan.
Literally watched 0 seconds of this video. Just had to comment on the title of this video... yet here you are.
Very important that you take the break that you need, it is difficult but always doable, awareness is absolute key to yourself and anyone who's affected, your by far a very cool character who's entertaining and funny and bad for the right reasons ha! But is important to look after no1 first to look after the rest of us, look forward to seeing more from you soon.
Been here since the LS swapped Nissan parked in the parking garage
I'm sorry to hear about your dad and I hope your friend gets better and u stay positive. I lost my mom and dad all in 45 days apart this year 4/16/22 - 6/3/22  It's hard sometimes I just stare at the wall or ceiling all day never would think this would happen I'm 37 and my parents were in there 60s  Just trying to get back to normality.
And this is why this generation is the building blocks of the future… oh, wait..
Always take the time with your family and friends. We will always be here. You raising awareness on mental health linked to a car channel is amazing and does more than you can ever know
I told you about Fords, it will blow again, rustang.
"Motorcycle Cop: Tell me, officer, do you have any idea how fast you were going?  Mike Donnelly: Well, I got a 426 hemi here, 3/4 cams, nitro boosters, I can get 'er up to as good as 155! Never do, though, of course, unless I'm chasing a cute chick in a Ferrari! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I guess I was goin' about... 65, tops.  State Trooper: SEVEN! SEVEN miles an hour!
LITERALLY JUST POSTED A VIDEO ON MENTAL HEALTH AND CAUSES OF DEPRESSION!! it sucks. But you're doing the job correctly!  Proud of you young lady!
Thanks mom
Sadly soon all combustion cars and trucks including classics will be banned from public streets in entire EU and Scandinavia  :-(  In Germany the Green Peoples Party gave order to shorten fuel supply from 2025  on by reducing all conventional fuel stations to only one state operated central gas station per city or county. Car washs will be forbidden too because they are climate killers, now they want to slow down all the gas station pumps from 20 litre per minute to 2 litre per minute...From 2027 on in the EU certain car spare parts will be banned too....as exhaust systems, turbo chargers and even some engine and gearbox oils...California and New York will do the same from 2027 on.... So no investments should be done in oil burning cars any longer....They even created a new kind of crime here, called emissions and smoke crime.!!! (BABVVEN & TEBBVEN & BEFVO laws)!!!
Emelia you probably won't see this comment, but you are amazing and so talented. You and your team are awesome! Keep up the good work, stay healthy and be safe.
Thanks for beeing strong Emelia we love you your a hero for me!
Alex Choi I'm out!!
Thank you for that mental health reality check. I actually paused the video to message some of my closest loved ones to remind them that even though I might not always understand what they're going through I'll always do my best to try to understand and be supportive in any way I can.  Really, thank you. I only now realise that it was long overdue.
💖
Hi Emilia, I suffer in a massive way with a severe level of Generalized Anxiety Disorder, depression, and OCD. I’m in crisis. Please do not be afraid to show vulnerability. Thank you for sharing, I also just this past weekend called 911 and couldn’t get care because of no beds in any hospital in the area. Stigma is still very real. Our system is so subpar. Just wanted to share. Thank you again.
Struggling with my own mental health, decided to watch some "car videos" to get closer with my husband and learn what I can. Only to find one that's talking about mental health. I hear you! Off to shower...then more videos!!
BIG HUG Emelia.....Sometimes all the hugs, prayers and positive thinking does not work. We lost our 21 year old son in 2018. He went from the happiest kid to the saddest and counseling and medicine did not work. If you are suffering and nothing is working go to a Hospital and get checked in. We have friends who saved their daughter this way. It took a bit of a stay but they were finally able to get the right medication dosages and she is a new person.
Why nobody gives a fuck
<3 All Love <3
As a police officer who is often the front line of mental health issues, it can be extremly frustrating how the mental health system works.  We, Officers, talk these people into going to the hospital thinking they are going to get the help that they need only to see them back on the street sometimes within the hour.  They have in most cases been given an appointment far off that they will not go to.  They need the help now not in three months!!!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
22 Military Veterans Every Day. Countless Civilians. Men and Women. No one is safe from this issue.  Trying to convince yourself on a daily basis that you are worth more than death is extremely difficult.  I myself am a Military Veteran with Severe PTSD plus other injuries. None of which you can see. You would never know by looking at me that I'm trying my best to hold it all together and not take my own life. The Mental Mask we wear around others is nothing but a show. STOP BELIEVING IN THE MENTAL MASK MORE THAN YOU BELIEVE IN YOURSELF 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼. If you are Not Ok, seek help please.  You're worthy of life.  You are here for a reason.  Don't punch out before you find out why.  Your job is to Live for those you lost.  I love all of you,  God bless🙏🏼
Thank you!!!
Thanks for sharing your story.  I to suffer from mental illness depression and my daughter from anxiety 😞.  The system is so broken 💔 and it doesn't seem to be getting better. The hotline 988 helps but it's like putting gum on a hole in a dam. Like you said in your video tell someone you love them cause you never know what they can be going thru. Sending hugs
Thank you 😊 💓
Keep being a good role model for young women they need it right now
😏be better if YOU NEVER POSTED EVER AGAIN
🙌🏾 God Bless You and your family.
Watched it for 2 min cant handle the fast talking..
You are just an amazing person. Sending love... ❤❤❤
Good job keep it up 👍👍👍👍🤟🤟🤟
Keep being awesome. I'll keep using you to inspire me to be awesome
❤
Where's the k prius
Sorry to hear that 😭 but a Ferrari can’t buy u a room in hospital? No bed? That’s sad tho
Love that Ferrari. And the color. What color is it?
Thank you so much for addressing mental health. I'm 40 and have been struggling with mine since I was a kid. I flatout hate when people say depression and anxiety is not real and it's all in your head. People who don't suffer with mental health issues have no idea what it's like. Glad you and your friend are okay.
It's so hard to explain how I feel when I get a melt down and struggle for years and the  system in uk is hard. I would talk more Emilia
Emelia I’m praying 🙏 for you and asking God to help you get through the trials and challenges you’re going through right now! As I have watched you for a long time now, you girl have never been someone who hasn’t faced a challenge head on !!! U my friend have always took the bull 🐂 by the horns and drug it to the ground and conquered anything brought before you.  These lifes adversities I don’t feel like will be any different, Just be Emelia Hartford and do what you do best......Kick Adversity’s Butt !  😉😁 PEACE ✌🏻    James 1: 2-3 NIV
It's good to be reminded that I'm not alone
WE NEED MORE YOUTUBERS TO SPEAK ABOUT THIS. They blame guns and job wages and everything else. We need more facilities for mental health issues we need hospitals and centers for people who need the help. All over the nation rehab centers some type of system if you have drug issues you get caught doing something for drugs or with them were they get sent for a long period. Sounds like jail but more focused on helping the person with there addiction. Also similar thing for mental health issues a  in patient center were they get help maybe some type of hallways housing
It's really hard to get someone care who doesn't want it or thinks they don't need it. It's also important that we remember that the abhorrent policies prior to the 1960's is why things swung so far in the direction we are at now. I truly hope your situation gets better.
Thank you for posting this... I just got home from a stay where. I needed someone to listen. They want to throw meds I didn't need. If they would have allowed me my phone this would have been all over social media.. thank you for the phone #
your cars fkn awesome 👍
Reinforce, add metal.  Have fun!
I've struggled with depression most of my life and I appreciate you bringing awareness to mental health, God bless!
I've been where your friend is. I know the struggle. Return to Life is an awesome slogan. I returned and while I can't say I'm 100% well, I know that I want to live. I have an awesome wife who guides me through the rough times. We watch your videos together all the time. Cleeter too. Good luck to you. I've been watching for maybe 2 years. You've come a long way. I truly hope your friend is ok. You are so right. Tell your loved ones and closest friends how much you love and appreciate them. You just never know what tomorrow brings. Good luck!!
Stop yelling at me!
⚜️
Great episode, and thhanks for sharing your heart and baring your soul! Love you!
SO SORRY FOR THAT YOU ARE GOING THROUGH THAT. YOU ARE AMAZING WITH HELPING US WITH ALL THE INFORMATION ON THIS
Its not easy I was talking to someone else about that I tried commenting suicide 2 twice the first time someone found me in the garage with the car on and the second time I tried pulling the trigger and gun didn't go off it sucks I lost everything my apartment due too a fire and were I live there's no help and I tried to live in my car and I couldn't afford it so I just got so down I didn't care and there's was no beds ether but I do have a person I talk to and it's not easy at all and there days I just wanna fall asleep and not wake up but hey I try everyday but thank you for talking about it
Love you Emilia. Stay strong.
Ronald Reagan’s legacy…
Did we play snipers only gunfight?😮‍💨
With Love
Very brave young lady for sharing! God bless yourself, friends and family!
What breed is your pup??
No one cares go away
The darkness that you know is not your home and you're not alone. WE LOVE YOU, EMELIA!!!
Thanks for keeping up the awareness. I’m a retired vet. I’m sure you know the stats. Many blessings to you and your friend.
I just lost my Dad a little over a month ago.  Hope you're doing well...it's been a hard 5 or 6 weeks.  I'm leaning on all the good memories.   Take care of yourself.  Love your content and, again, take care.
Waiting for ferarri to sue yah 🤣🤣
Skip to 9:45
I lost my father earlier this year to clickbait videos.
🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
As a member of the veterans community I fully support mental health and I ll keep you and your friends in my prayer. Sent with love ❤️
♥️♥️♥️
Right 🤨
I am not crying your crying
Respect Ms Emelia ( sorry about spelling ) love the content , Sandy is  def a great mechanic and friend
Hugs
hey I'm sorry to hear about what you have ban going through i myself struggle with this  and i know how hard it is to talk so this is me talking i deal with ptsd anxiety depression intrusive thoughts which is like teretts x1000 with crippling anxiety to top it off and much recently the same thing happen to me and am continuing to try to get through that your self and the car community are what keep me going if your a car guy or girl i love you and as TJ hunt would say keep moving forward and SEMPER FI
Your awesome!!! Thanks for helping others who can't help themselves.
Thank you so much brining this into the awareness, as a father to 3 autistic boys this is a daily struggle for us. Its oke to be not oke like you said. I just quit my job (14 years) to spend more time to build huising for young adults how need a place of there own, but still need the guidance in life because of there struggle thow physecal or mental struggels. Thank you so much for bringing this to awereness
Must -never- refrain
Best wishes Emelia. Those dark thoughts have been haunting me lately because of the kind of work I do. Everyday is a struggle to some degree but I do my best to get through it. There is a local band that I follow and do volunteer work with. They are big into Mental Health Awareness and use their platform to spread as much positivity as they can helping out others. It inspires me greatly to hear about their personal struggles and how they cope with them. I'm glad your friend is ok now and you are better.
Can u plz ask Alex y he is not posting
Take care and wish ur friend all the best and keeps on living life. Very hard in the UK With mental health too.
You're a very special lady! ❤️
If she new how to drift a car, that shoot might have looked less lame xD
Thank you for all of your mental health advocacy. It means a lot to all of us who struggle or have struggled in the past just knowing that we're not alone and that mental health issues have no demographic. You're awesome Emelia!
I have watched your channel blossom over the past 5 years and your endless compassion for people with mental health issues is inspiring.  Truly.  I too have been through mental health issues personally and with my kids.  The one thing I will say is advocate!  Our health care system is so broken we need to push HARD to get the care we need.  Don't stop fighting!
Keep your head up there is allways people out there that will help you don't forget there is allways people out there even if you don't know them just speak up please
hahaha god how gay you look like Bert from Bert an Ernie
just curious why do you need people to fix and build your cars? its not you that should be getting the pat on the back
good no one cares and you never did not never had the fastest c8. look up other c8 cars 1500 horse!
Hi emma
ferrari recall   brake issue  nhsta type in vin
It was the mental health system that I found a new normal. How to live with PTSD from war zones. Life is no longer the same but somewhat better.
Mad respect and love for you EM.  I suffer also.  I’ve been dealing with so many things. Honestly, I feel that if it wasn’t for creators like you and a few others I would be in a very bad place
video starts @ 9:47
Are you any  Anti-depressants. Either or SSRI or narcotic?  I've been through hell and back And just so everyone knows a pill prescribed by the doctor is not the answer no matter how easy your simple they may make it seem you have to know the difference between the way you really feel and in the way you feel with the drug.  Thankfully when architects it's instant instant you take it that day you feel the difference you wake up you clearly feel different and ybut different and you understand the power of the drug that's SRSR I'm taking every day and you never reply refer back to feeling normal I want you should be feeling like I'm working through those things. It's coming from a 30 year old 15 year long drug addict
TJ hunt Ferrari didn't better sorry to say that but not sorry
Sticking a go pro to that deep corner of your windshield is the equivalent of getting a jolly rancher jolly Richard soaking wet and slender stick and dry to the corner of your windshield and pulling it off it's gonna break it and that's a windshield I'm talking about
Dogs feet are on fire
#StradFord make it happen
Thank you sharing……takes guts to open up about something being so close to you……kudos…..🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
<3
"Don't Try This At Home" 🤣 Me : Daily Drive Through The Tunnel Which Is Main Road From My Home To My Office With My 918 RSR 🤪
I guess she forgot about her "old" friends from Georgetown, it's amazing how someone can ditch there old friends from where they originally are from once they become famous.....😔
❤️
My granddaughter was a very active member of the high school anti-bullying team.  As a well know star athlete, she was popular.  She would help those who felt alone.  She was trying to help one very lonely student in particular.  One day after soccer practice she saw a message on her phone from him saying that he really needed to talk with her.  She called but no answer, so went to his house, not home.  Later that evening the parents found him; he had committed suicide.  So many young people struggle.
Thanks for sharing that with us my daughter suffers with mental heath  And I tell her all the time I love her and I am aways here to help  So glad your friend is doing better and also you .
Thanks for your sharing about mental health 😊
So much fun, ...Damon would be so proud of you!
Think your old pizza store manager will watch the add??😁😁
Alex Choi of all people was the person she trusted for this?!  I hope she was being sarcastic.  🤣🤣
Thankyou so much for being open and saying how it is
Thank you for everything you do to bring out mental awareness. I battle with it every day. Some days is better some days is worse.
As a disabled vet, medically retired, the struggle is real. Thanks to a brother in arms and some very caring individuals inside VA, I got the help I needed. #semperparatus #thestruggleisreal
You gonna be OK Emilia. LOVE is all around, I hope you get through this well soon. Take as much time as you need, we all gonna be here for you. Always.
Thank you for putting this out there. We know this pain all to well. our son passed last mothers day. After many calls to the 1800 number. If you have someone troubled PTSD. then beg them, plead with them, even lie to them. So you can get them the help them need and deserve.
All the best Amelia 👍,   You are an awesome person. You bring awareness and hope to the many. Love to you. 🐝💪. ✌🏻🧡💜 🌤 🇨🇦 🖖🦽 😎.
You're a beautiful person, thanks for sharing and I'm hoping everything will turn out well. Nobody takes care of you like your self, I can only have respect for the decision to just take a step back.
Emelia Hartford Awesome Video I think it's absolutey incredible that you're in a National Motul Racing Oil commercial and I'm sorry to hear that you lost your Father to a Mental health issue and almost Lost your Best friend twice to the same thing and he gets better and I'll keep you and your family in prayer for the loss and Congratulations on getting 905k Subs
Keep your chin up! We all care!
Ask Jesus for help - there are so many stories about people< my wife included, ready to end it all and then God steps in. He is the way the light and the truth. Seek him always.
Keep it up, a ton of respect.
♥️🤘🏼
Was that the Runway tunnel at LAX, if not it was it’s twin.  I think your tunnel is better than James.
Love that you bring this into the open. As a firie it's an issue that is always present but rarely discussed. Appreciation and respect.
I am glad and gratefull you are ok...I lost my father to dementia and old age just over a year ago. I was his primary caregiver....its the most demanding and difficult thing i have ever done...but your content gave me respite and recovery. I stll have my Mom. and i take care of her now....but dont ever think for a minute that you being entertaining does not bring happiness and recovery to peoples lives. Hang in there you are a good soul and I pray for the best for you. And I am green with envy that you got to go to see the Corvette at GM proving grounds and I have never been. Be safe and Godbless you. Always keep the shiny side up....
Stopped posting? You havent
Does she say Motol or Moe Tool, is she talking about Alex Choi? How do these "youtubers" escape law enforcement repercussions? Speeding, Loud Exhaust, Exhibition of Speed, Burning Rubber, Funny the car finally makes it to a race track.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you myself I survived a attempt 2 week colma later I recovered. The cost of the rehabilitation facilities is a lot I feel. And it's not right. I'm sorry for what you went through.
wow emelia  Killin it. hair n makeup
Emelia, I have been watching your growth from the beginning and as a brother of five sisters I just want to say you are such an inspiration for young girls and women all over. You are totally crushing it and your future with everything you’re doing looks bright. I’m sorry to hear about your friend and your own personal battles. My beautiful wife has Parkinson’s and I know what it’s like to care for someone deeply with health issues. So to keep her engaged and living life we started our little channel by being inspired by you. Be safe, and thanks for all you do. Erwin
🧡
Stay strong! And thank you for promoting mental health! I see a therapist twice a month. And thanks for the awesome content!
I love you Emelia. I'm sorry about your friend
Much love and respect Emelia. Real.
You’re wonderful Amelia glad to see you back
You are loved more than you know Emelia.
i bet anythign if youd let em hit hed not try t commit no breathing  i hate that you cropped the fet out the close up also, thats ugh
Wish I lived      Way in the next  town but seriously you are very cool in my humble opinion.  Can’t wait until your Z06.  Be safe always.
As I sit here watching my wife and my dog snore together, after a very challenging week. I understand/ e struggle and I hope that our prayers help you and your beastie. Stay looking forward
Sooo much respect to you girl and my condolences to you and family im Soooo GRATEFUL for your vlogs we need more videos from you ,its all good girl you got it and you are doing  amazing with sandy he's  been such an amazing  gentleman behind all of your builds much respect to your team huni keep it up .
Emelia, Thank you for sharing the mental health resources. You are absolutely right that many of us are fighting battles that no one is aware of. You connected with us on a deep level so thank you for taking the time in your video to reach out and share such important sentiments.  Your fans for life ! Eric and Jen
Love you and your channel. PEACE DARLIN
Thank you 🙏🏼
God bless you, and your friend! I too have suffered from extreme depression! I truly understand, and hope the very best, not only for you and your friend, but for anyone suffering from this unbelievably encompassing dease! It's hard, and everyone has their own ways of dealing with it! I'm stubborn, I refuse to cave to the extreme moments! No matter how much it hurts, but I don't take it loosely! Every one is different! Our experiences are unique! They are so personal! So almost, for lack of a better term, almost customized to our own personality, it's almost overwhelming at times! What works for me may not work for you! But I pray for all of my tormented brothers, and sisters! I love you all! God bless you! Please remember you are the gifted, you feel more, and emphasize more because you are special! You are truly special, and the world needs you! I love you!
Keep strong E
Shiba Inu! Very nice Emelia. I had one. Beautiful dogs. Very independent though. They don't like to cuddle or snuggle. I hated that. Lol
Love you! Teared up at the end but it's cool
I love your videos are the best !!!!
with love for a caring person like you dont beat the hell out that beautiful car you worked you worked to hard to get it
*There is nothing permanent about what is happening right now, and whichever it may be, nothing lasts forever. Watch and I challenge you to speak to someone about it.*
I respect you, Amelia. 👍
My heart goes out to you and your friend. For a period this year I didn’t want to be alive anymore. Thankfully I got and still am getting help. We your fans are here for you as much as we can be
Thanks for sharing your story (one love 🥰Bob Marley)
Put me in it you'd be amazed
What did I win.
I have enjoyed every video that you post. Appreciate the whole hearted content you create. Keep pushing and everyone that is watching this without being subscribed please  subscribe. We have to get her to 1mil subs.
Sorry that you are going through stuff, I know sometimes it's hard  !  As I have had Depession and anxiety attacks since 1983, so just hang in there, and I hope things are sorted out and your friend and family get all the help  !   Still having good and bad days, but mostly good  ! Best wishes ❤ Chris London England 🇬🇧
Very cool video of You having fun with Your Ferrari!  Sorry You had food poisoning while You were trying to get away and have fun.  I'm glad that Your friend is still with us.   I pray there isn't another attempt.   Nothing is worth taking Your life over.  I know not everyone thinks that, it's the truth.  It's a permanent solution to a temporary issue.  On a + note, congratulations on Your mainstream footage! Looking forward to seeing those when they're released.  Keep that chin up and keep progressing! We all love it.  Byeeee! (You do it better!) 😘😬♥️
You walk the walk. Keep things real.
Thanks for that! Mental health is not a weakness, makes a person stronger and with support of course. My wife and I are dealing with it right now. Great driving by the way! New follower from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
I can only repeat of what Paddy said at his UFC win.  "If you've got weight on your shoulders and the only way you think you can solve it is by killing yourself, go talk to someone. I'd rather have my mate crying on my shoulder than go to his funeral next week."
So sorry Emelia that you're going thru a rough patch, prayers to you and you friends. Thank you for sharing your true self with us, I think that's why so many people love you is because we all go thru the same struggles and sharing & talking about them is a really great way to start to overcome them. Looking forward to your future posts!
I am not sure how come I have not followed you until now... awesome content!!!
Thank you
Hey Amelia,  Who makes those sunglasses? I’d like to get a pair of those for my lady. Thanks for the ride around the track;
Thank you... VERY much for your words on mental health.
Ur amazing and keep hart its rough to change someone in to wanting to be here but its the ones who fight passed it and keep going nomatter what our brains say that are truly the toughest and we all fall weak with out others and love so pass the love and help others in all u do stay up and stay out
U cleanup real nice. Your hair and make-up Ms Hartford...🔥🔥🔥
My god Emilia your gorgeous! 😍 And you no sooo much  about cars!!  Win win 🏆
🇩🇰💕💕
You know I could tell you this what you're doing right now is the best medicine in the world about Mental Health and you are it's it's not easy to deal with mental health it is it's pretty disturbing it you know as an older gentleman we didn't have the help that they do now so I'm sorry
15 years of dealing with mental health I'm still fighting to survive but I'm still human as are we all stay strong and take breaks much love to yall
Old Texas saying: You don't have to tell everything you know.
@Emelia Hartford FYI just heard about a massive Ferrari recall from early 2000s until present day. Might want to check into it
I’m glad to hear of you taking care of you and yours. Too many people don’t. I’ve also come around on the 458. The middle finger given to fancy Ferrari people with this is pretty gd rad.
I am a mental health therapist. It’s incredibly difficult to go through the system but is so important. I’m so happy there’s people like you to bring awareness and just to care about people. Thank you. Hope you and your friend are well.
We L💗VE you!!! We are losing way too many people to Suicide. Keep posting, keep bringing joy, and keep the awareness alive!  🥰
So glad that you and your friend are doing well. With love.
Your a diamond in ruff ✨️
It takes a lot to keep the awareness going, systems aren't perfect and often don't always provide a lot of support.  If you guys haven't seen the Inside Of You with Michael Rosenbaum (Lex Luthor from Smallville) podcast (on YouTube) he talks alot about mental health provision, support and therapy.  The amount of Hollywood starts that have huge problems with their mental health problems and I'm talking massive problems here, Alan Richardson, Zach Levi, Nathan Fillion, list goes on. No matter who and what you do, look after yourselves, mentally and physically. Seek help, reach out and someone will listen.
Are you keeping your Gbody trans?
0:30 why do you blur out your speedometer?
No one attempts to commit suicide. We could think about it or succeed on it. The ones that commit and failed to do it or either crying for attention or crying for help. This is a serious matter. Always listen to understand and not listen to answer. Please care.
By the way the car is a piece of shit I prefer my fat ass muscle cars in my S-Class Mercedes
Oh hell, I cannot tell you how amazing this is. Whether you feel this YouTube thing is not doing anything...it really is. I came to watch a very cool car vid and ended up in tears cheering for you and your friend because mental health has been treated so second hand always. You matter, people care and you will get through it and be great!
Awesome! Super cool stuff!
Great video and yes make sure to take time to keep yourself in the right state of mind.
Oh man that convo at the end made me cry for a bit cuz I’ve been going through some tough shit recently but yeah lol love you Emilia nd everything you do nd all y’all mfs In the comments better be doin good or else I’ll find you nd uplift your mood lol
You Got This and the AWARENESS is so important! Nobody is alone! I've lost 2 close friends and through the help of Emergency Medical saved a 3rd. Mind your book-ends; too low or too high for too long is too late. Ask for help even if you are in the beginning stages of negative self talk. The professionals will help you with your life puzzle and teach you things to keep you in control!
Amazing driving in the circuit
Hang in there Emeila! Thats certainly a tough time for anyone and something that’s horrible to go through in the moment. You’re brave for getting help and I hope it inspires others. I enjoy your content and your vehicular shenanigans, but please take care of yourself first!
fuck all the haters. stay maaaad.
Imagine if you died right now, where would your soul go for eternity?🌈🌈Was everything you ever did without purpose and never really mattered, or will you just stop existing after your heart beats for the last time? Think about this, it is the most important question of your life. There is only one chance to get it right, and it is in this lifetime. Do not be deceived, God is not mocked; for whatever a man sows, that he will also reap. Heaven is real, place of eternal bliss. Hell is real, place of eternal torment. You're gonna spend eternity in one of those places. God's will is, that nobody would perish. One day every single one of us has to stand before the Holy Righteous God to be judged, and to give an account how we have lived our life. The only way to get to Heaven is if you are without sin, and every single one of us has sinned. That is why God in His love and mercy sent His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, to atone for our sins. He left Heaven’s Throne, was God in flesh, conceived by the Holy Spirit, born of a virgin, lived a holy perfect sinless life, was condemned unjustly to death while being innocent, was beaten, mocked, flogged, and crucified on the cross, and gave up His life and Blood willingly on our behalf, for there is no forgiveness of sins without the shedding of blood, but Christ, the spotless and unblemished Lamb of God, the Perfect Sacrifice once and for all, died for us, so we may be forgiven of all our sins, and be redeemed back to God, after the fall in Paradise by satan's tempting, through the Holy Precious Blood, which Jesus shed on the middle cross at Calvary, in His everlasting love towards every single one of us.   If you truly repent and ask for forgiveness of your sins from Jesus Christ, and believe with all your heart, that Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God, was crucified, died on the cross, was buried, rose from the dead by God’s power on the third day according to the Scriptures, and by faith receive Him as your Lord and Savior, through the Royal Blood of Jesus Christ you will be saved, and are born again of the Holy Spirit. Every sin that weighs you down, even the ones you never dare to speak of, will be forgiven. Repent, believe, follow Christ, and you will spend eternity in Heaven with our Holy King, where is no more death, sorrow, pain nor crying.   John 3:16 BIBLE - For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son (Jesus Christ), that whoever believes in Him, shall not perish, but have everlasting life.   John 14:6 BIBLE - Jesus said unto him, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father (to Heaven) except through Me.“   Book of Acts 4:12 BIBLE - Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under Heaven given among men (only Jesus Christ), whereby we must be saved.   Romans 10:9-10 BIBLE - That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart, that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.   Romans 10:13 BIBLE - For whosoever shall call upon the name of the LORD (Jesus Christ), shall be saved.   Romans 8:1-2 BIBLE - Therefore, there is now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus (born again of the Holy Spirit), who walk not after the flesh, but after the (Holy) Spirit. For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death.   1 Timothy 2:5 BIBLE - For there is one God and one Mediator between God and men, the Man Christ Jesus.   Ephesians 2:8-9  BIBLE - For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.   Isaiah 1:18 BIBLE - Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.   John 10:10 BIBLE – (Jesus said:) “The thief (satan) cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.“   1 Peter 5:8 BIBLE - Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour.   Ephesians 6:12 BIBLE - For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.   The LORD bless you and keep you; The LORD make His face shine upon you, and be gracious to you; The LORD lift up His countenance upon you, and give you peace.   In Jesus Christ Holy and Mighty Name. Amen...WELCOME TO THE GOOD Message
Well the crack will not be visible on the commercial and it shouldn’t be a problem.
We love you Emelia!🙌🏼
I’m sorry to hear that and it’s a good thing for what you are doing to help people and much love and respect keep what you are doing and I’m sorry for your loss ❤️💯
Thank you for being real with us I deal with mental health with my Wife every day its not easy at all and you help my wife loves you and the inspiration you give her getting back onto the track ❤️
Prayers and virtual hugs.
Bless Up❣️🙏🏽 You are NOT alone.  There are many who walk as survivors. We cannot adequately thank you for being vocal and out front with these messages❤️  WV Survivor
Such a strong powerful woman, so glad that you are there for so many people. Be strong and thank you for taking the time to look after those around you; please always, always remember to take for yourself, as well. Your messages are so important to so many and I hope that others find strength from your words!
You've come a long way from wrenching on you car in the parking garage and I'm so proud of what you have accomplished. Never stop dreaming, never stop moving forward. Keep on sending it!
been watching you for 4 years now and i dont know why but watching you smile makes me smile.  i wish anything going bad for now will get better soon. you not alone and i hope you keep moving forward <3
I lost one of my best friends almost 2 years ago from mental illness. He was able to hide it very well but it overwhelmed him more than he could control. My main regret was not spending more time with him while he was here!
🤣
You are Awesome!🥰🥰🥰🙏🙏🙏
u have awsome videos like the cars all them get a clear mind
Big hugs from a big man and fan 🫂
Zzzzzzzzzz……….zzzzzzzzzzzzz…………
Glad to hear everything is ok. If only everyone had someone who understands and cares like you. The worst is when one reaches out and are told to just be happy
Americans' mental health right now in America is bad Biden/Harris is killing our ways of life.
Very excited for this legacy in your career you have made so much progress in your journey thank you for your very entertaining content keep it up!!!!! 👍💕
why is she always yelling?
I stopped  watching  when you  said hair and  make up .. comon .. your natural  beauty  is  what  keeps  us all  coming back you  should know that :P  .. oh  and your  click  baits
She doesn't have to Jaw so much does she. @Racewknd
Thanks for entertaining us. Always fun to watch your videos. 😀
❤❤❤❤❤
guttersnake....................man ,thats a legend ...
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🔴 🟥
Love and respect to you and your family. Talking about problems is the first step to wellness. Can't wait to see you in the Motul commercial!!   A fan and admirer always.
In the shop as much as they are on the street!
You should have had my c8 for your video! Never been a big fan of the Europeans! I suppose the 911s if you have to go that direction! The Ferraris are definitely the top badge shop cars!
million sub countdown hype
Yes Mental Health is a real thing I deal with  it myself on a daily basis and take meds to help me deal with it but I work in an industry that would single me out if I were to say anything so I just go on . But I think what you are doing is big and my heart goes out to you and the work you are doing to help bring more awareness to mental health. But the show must go on love you and your YouTube channel .
Happy to know your ok…..A Big Fan here in Tulsa, Oklahoma …..Prayers for all your family and those close to you…I really enjoy all you do…Always makes my day…
Your videos have done more awareness and smiles and change to so many lives, including mine. You're a huge inspiration, and a great person. Never give up. Thank you for sharing, loving, and caring. We all love you.
Beside being Uber cool, don’t be 🐥 to show off that chest 😉
I was enjoying the video until you brought that douchebag, Alex Choi on the video going to have to give you a thumbs down
Rock on 🦾
Thank you Thank you Thank you. You have no idea what the impact of you being so open about your own mental health is having on so many people. You are a true angel
Luv all of your content Emelia and your passion for cars.Your such beautiful person….all the best from Australia ❤️  I’m also proud owner of 2015 wrx….I always enjoy watching your content and especially your Subaru wrx video’s ☺️
Hair and makeup done...  Promptly puts on helmet.
we love You Ms Hartford
Drive like a girl...
This video really made me tear up... I've been struggling a lot these days and I've been having trouble talking about. It was a real eye opener, I need to be more open about it . I took a long walk with a friend and let him know what I was going through and three hours later I was much better. It's a daily struggle...  Thank you so much for your continued work with mental health awareness.
I'm typing this at 7:32 am in Texas. I sat for an hour with a 1911 in my mouth. I've lost everything even the charger for my phone. Thank you.
Thank you for sharing.  Stay strong.
We're with you all the way. Sending love from our family to you.
There is no shortage of beds.....that’s a hoax.....fake news.  They know suicides are way up......they want it that way......obviously.....hence why they launched the phone number.  Let’s wake up and put on our thinking caps 🧢
We all love and support you Emilia
and i did  die 2 time in the ER  but they did save me  even if i dit not  whanted to live on
AND yes i don know something about this  i have survie a suiside atemt  wher i did take over 300 pills  and hang my self in my workshop
u started  to  talk about Mentalheal after AVICCI did take his own life  then u start talking like u are the one how  did it all
U amaericans dont have a  safty net  in your system   if u not are insured over your head  u dont get help . i wood not never live in USA  u dont take care of your  next one . when u have 400 person in your Country thet are so rich they  have in total have of your BNP  thet is so fuckt up
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
What a great video.  From the Ferrari shoot to the update on what's been going on in your life.   It takes a lot to talk about something like this.  I had lost a friend to mental health this spring and I found out that he had been dealing with it even back when we were in high school over 20 years ago.   U are a very inspiring person and  very strong.   Sorry to hear about your losses but we're here for you.  Can't wait for more Ford content
When I was quite a bit younger I used to self-medicate with street drugs . I eventually came to the full realization that , while I may not have control of the world around me . I am the only one who is in control of how I react to the world around me . It's been 25 years since the last time I shoved a straw up my nose to snort a line of cocaine .
I'm so sorry we have been dealing with this with my step son he would be looked at sent home with in hours i work security at a hospital and we fought and fought to get a hold on him they finally got him help after about 4 attempts in 2 years I'm proud of you for talking about mental health i watch everything
Thank you for reminding us that within all the cool stuff you do, mental health is important and talking about mental health makes it live “out there” and not just in a dark corner.  You are an inspiration.
take care of yourself emelia   yes metal health is something very hard to control and hard to fight   been there and its a dark place to be   keep going your beautiful
As someone whos struggles with mental illnesses and health issues mixed with auto immunities… thank you so very much for your mental health awareness! ❤️
My 22 year old daughter has Autism and I can tell you through my experience our society does not care about mental health.  As a parent I can’t tell you the stress I have had in my life for 22 years.  We get no help from no state or federal agencies.  Financially it is not easy but I do my best and I hope my daughter will have a productive life and she will be able to make friends and have a career she enjoys.
Came to your channel for Phoenix.  However, the heart, the passion you have for, not just cars, but spreading the message that there's help for those of us with mental health issues, keeps me around when my favorite lady isn't on screen.  Sorry about your friend. They have a great support team, at least. Make certain they're aware of this. Prayers of strength to you, your friend, their support team, YOUR support team.  A vertical 2x4 on its own is weak. But combine it with others, and it becomes stronger. Lean on your friends sometimes and share your strength. (New analogy, working on it.)
Hugs n hearts !!! Keep spreading the word.  We all struggle a bit in life now and then, some more than others.  Be observant of your friends and family.  You just never know…
Someone that I'm very close to had the same thing happen less then 6 months ago. An attempt (thank God I was there), and no open beds. Our Amazing Healthcare system (I'm speaking sarcastically) spit her back out of the hospital within a couple hours of her arriving in an ambulance.
Keep the message strong. And I hope other you tubers. Help to get the message out. Just talking helps. .*it is ok* if you are not ok 👍🫵
Thankyou
the white stuff is lead
Thank you for speaking out.  I lost two mentors in the Army from suicide because of the stigma.
You're #22 on trending right now 😎 👍
حلو
Return to life xx🙏🙏
Sorry to hear that, life's a LOT harder than it was for me at your age, I could be alone for one thing, go read a book (those paper things kids stand on to reach shelves lol) with nobody saying "where were you, your status said active, you're ignoring me!" and staying 'recommendable' on YouTube is HARD. So *if you ever feel you need to take a break from YT but worry about having to start again, tell us in your pre-break video the exact day you'll be back and urge us all to put it in our calendars - I can't imagine their algorithm ignoring 900k people watching the same video on the day it's uploaded* so I bet you'd be right back where you left off!  Take care!! And on a waaaay more positive note I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW GOOD THE 458's PAINT LOOKS WITH JUST SILVER STRIPES AND ACCENTS! 😊
You are a rockstar! Thank you for being so open. I think what you do is SO important. Keep up the good work. Much love.
My hardest days have been when I found out my dad and also a friend that is almost a brother felt they had nothing to live for. Please talk to someone if you feel this way.
Carry on posting once a fortnight you have to take time out more often than you have been!
Hose clamps E..they're our friend
Harder Days ahead... Stand tall!!!
It’s not easy asking for help and sometimes harder to get help but with people like you helping out it’s getting easier.
Keep up the good fight Amelia you're a strong woman get it done
I have a daughter your age......**hugs** :-)
Maths
I use your saying of "it's ok to not be ok" a lot. cause I find that saying to be the most powerful thing for someone that has either lost someone or is thinking of harming themselves. As a side note you have helped me get out of my depression after my dad passed 2 years ago. well keep up the good work and i hope your friend gets the help they need.
Farrari in the chat now say from this video: you are banned from buying a farrari forever
I've had many health problems, a lot of physical problems (read: Cancer), that I thought were psychosomatic because of my mental health. I vanish for weeks without telling anyone; unfortunately, the real world doesn't care. Something I've learned that might help others is that, at the very least, you need to let people know that you're struggling and need to dip for a while, even though that goes against everything your mind wants because it will make a comeback much easier.
Please stop using leaded fuel; it is literally causing retardation in children and killing so many living things. In fact, there are petitions to make congress ban leaded fuel from small planes, which the FAA has been asking them to do for decades. Veritasium has a great video about it, and others.
Sometimes you look like a pikman, a cute one that I wanna marry. But a pikman for sure lol
Only two minutes in, I want to say that blurring the speedometer is useless because it means you are speeding, and your speed can be calculated based on how many frames it takes you to travel a known distance, and the tunnel walls have a lot of points of reference anyone in your area can measure. If you need to blur the speedometer, you're better off with a different camera angle that doesn't have it in the shot.
Here's a video of me driving like a moron on public roads with only one hand on the steering wheel because I'm also holding a camera! I even blurred out my speedo to prove I was aware that I was doing wrong.... in a few weeks the clickbait video title will be ' Cops stop me for no reason, they are just jealous of my car' no ownership of being a retard on the road, hopefully when you crash you don't injure an innocent road user or a pedestrian just yourself.
<3
you speak as same as your cars speed 😂😘 but still love you
I know that a lot for you but most these youtubers uses them 458 as toys like forreal toys just to track or play with most of em gets messed up he’ll even my broke ass got one cheap 8 yrs ago for 88 thousand with 102 thousand miles
Drinking game on how many times she says 458 lol
I like she got to tell people what the car is when she drives it or gets near it lol
You have my prayers.
🙏🙏💪💪
Nobody gave me anything.  Hard work. Discipline and knowing when ask for help. the past 2.5 years have been unbelievably hard. Not just because of COVID but compounding external factors. As you preach, don't be a hero, ask for help.
I love what you do I'm glad to be a fan thanks to YouTube
Much LOVE to you Amelia.. I work at a hospital and I know your pain
Hot chick gets free shit all day long quits utube ?! Boo hoo 😢
Hi Emilia look after yourself do what you need to do as someone who’s experienced mental health just been able to talk about it and having a support network is everything
Thank you Emelia for sharing.  I work in an Emergeny Department and it seems everyday we have at least one patient in crisis.  I  never understood what they were going through until my child attempted.  I was devasted, scared, lost.  Speaking about mental health is taboo, but that needs to change.  We are loosing people because we aren't talking.  I know going through what I have been through  has made me a better advocate for mental health.  We just all need to be kind to one another because we really have no idea what anyone maybe going through.
Aww That's Very Sad Emelia But He's Always   Watching You In Heavan And Your My Favourite YouTuber And I Feel Sorry For you And Your Mom And All The Family
I'm really sorry your going through this again. I know from personal experience, military which I'm still active. That I have lost brothers due to suicide. The last person I met I knew back in 2017, I knew him for 4 days and on that 4th day he killed himself.  I still remember like it was yesterday, seeing him talking on phone with someone, he looked stressed, intense conversation.  He was a bright and shinny person. I know your really big into mental health and I don't know how much you can do. However, remember this,  22 veterans commit suicide everyday....22 Emilia. Please help us.
The system is letting mental health be pushed further under the carpet, please if you have a issue talk to someone dont take it out on your self, i know its easy to say but please talk about it, time is a good healer, and you can come out of it stronger and better. Stay safe and thank  Ms Hartford  for talking about mental health.
Love the sound of 458. Stay strong :) Greetings from Poland
I watch all your videos but this time I had to comment. Mental health is such a crisis in this country and I praise you for talking about it 🙏
https://youtu.be/eH2naacnBiw you can’t miss this!
With love ❤️
Girl is a drama queen with the clickbait’s
You are incredible.  You can be gone for how long you need we will wait.  Mental health is way important to not be talked about.  Respect for sharing what you have been through.  It might also help others to say what they are going through.  Everyone stay strong 💪 Remember you are never alone.
Take care
It's not easy I  lose my nephew last year to this he was 16 its still hard to deal with but the mental health in the US needs more attention keep up the great work and stay sexy.
As a person with mental problems for more then 20 years, I know what you're going trough, because my family went trough the same! Luckily, I love life more then anything so I never went to far, and kept everything in my head. But the most important thing is the hands reached from everbody around you as a patient! It wont save everyone, but imagine that you're in a well and try to jump out, but only miss an inch, but every jump it gets harder and the inch grows! If you are that deep, and there is no hand to pull you out, you will not make it! Just try to keep reaching a hand, and hopefully h will grap it and get out of te well!
Yoo we're here in case you need to talk, i cannot travel to USA because i'm broke 😅 but we can skype 🙂 and the ferrari looks so good 👌🏻👌🏻
I know how you feel. I lost two military brothers in the last two weeks. One to suicide and another to unknown causes. You need to talk to someone. Let’s your feelings out.
I wish you and your brother will work through this and I can honestly say that this video is at a time that life has been whooping me for a while not really financially but.... I'm going through the depression rn.. I'm going to work on but I can relate...
Thanks for bringing this up, you are such a positive person and caring person. I lost my mom to cancer when I just was 11 years old, i wish for every day that I could travel back in time an be with her. I miss her so much
Love you my friend. 🙏Glad your friend is ok. No human or chemical is the answer or cure. Best cure for mental health is Christ. Christ is Love. Huge fan and Thankyou for all you do🤙
Glad to see you back, miss you my friend!
God helped me out through my depression. Before that I was always drinking and smoking all the time. Took me 15 years to finally stop.   God saves lives!
Amelia take anytime you need for mental health you're awesome and I love your content be healthy people you're such a sweetheart take care be safe
Amelia you are awesome for what you do I just recently got 10 days to move out illegal but I still went through it I'm now in a motel but I have a voicemail that I've been approved for apartment it's her time for everybody what I want really is my tiny trailer to make it a tiny home that's really want take care keep healthy and keep your mind healthy
So when are you abs Choi getting married
America's values are screwed up.  We are the only developed country in the world that doesn't have universal Healthcare. In addition, we are ranked last in Healthcare amoung developed nations and are Healthcare is the highest.
sending blessings and healing energy
Much love, Emelia!
I thank you for this Emilia. Getting the word out about 988 is definitely needed. I lost my 14 yr old son to Suicide and have been working to destigmitize conversations about mental health and suicide ever since
No worries. Let us know if you get a cease and desist…from Fortnite😘
I am so sorry. You highlight a serious problem that is created, not by a virus, but by insane greed and selfishness. An event possibly created by, but definitely being used by certain people for control. As a result people are losing their lives from illnesses they could be treated for. But as we know they aren't important to the "agenda". One can only hope that people wake up and put a stop to these corrupt individuals who are causing this.
Havnt missed u.
Ummm. Yo you didnt stop posting..  ever.. youve posted at least once a week for years and even posted 2 days ago.. then a week ago, then again a week before that..  dont turn into a scotty and rely on all the bullshit lying ass titles to get your views..  no need to lie, just show a little skin and your subs will jump..  no doubt..
I wondered what was up, Emilia! That never gets old! Awesome video!
Love the honesty and truth of your videos. We are here for you. We love you, Ecrew out, byeeee!
The cute the doggy it is, the pups this is.
Truthfully thank you it ok to not be ok I struggle daily with this and I’m lost and scared I have none to count on no one in my corner I’m not ok
Not even sure where to start... I've been there. I've been in those darkest hours. More than I even want to think about.  And I've been down that healthcare rabbit hole that runs you through kind of like livestock and that was before any bed shortages.  It's not an easy disease to get over, that is if you ever do get over it.  Life can and does get better, but just like anything there's times you trip and fall.  Sometimes you can get right back up and other times it takes a little longer than normal. If you have a friend or family member, even yourself have mental health just remember not every situation is the same and every situation can be treated or handled the same.  Best thing is to be there for them, but don't be pushy.  ❤️ I'm glad you and your friend are doing better Emelia.
Happy Belated Birthday.   Best wishes to you and your family 💖
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 For you and your friend! Great job on the commercial shoot!!
Emilia, your awesome for bringing this type of thing forward. I to make sure that people have that information on my videos as well and Def agree that is sure be desensitized. Unfortunetly in the world we live in its becoming both a danger and an everyday. We all need to learn to be united and not judge based on unfactual beliefs bred into us through the years. Have an open mind and help one another. You have my support and love the content. Keep going. Your a good one. #it'soktonotbeok
This hits personally saved a couple of people and lost a close friend to this. It is very difficult and yes it can and does stress you out. But I will say always do your best to be there and mental scars are the scars that are a lot of times invisible to those looking on.
CLOSING IN ON 1M SUBS
I have the honor of being the 904th comment. Currently 1 comment for every 100k subscribers. Good video. You've come a long way since I first subscribed years ago. Good to see that you've remained yourself despite the spotlight. Hopefully, I can do the same. Anyways, take care!
Time to reflect. It's good to do that. Why did you start this journey? Why did it become successful? Was it supercars and supercar friends? All happiness and success to all of you that put in the hard work to make this happen. Remember when you had a drift car and went out to the desert to drift it? All the shops you used and were friends with. Everyone still loves you. One of the things I remember was helping small shops and spreading the word about mental health. I'm not criticizing you, think about your direction. Love you and your team. Don't forget your roots and those who got you to where you are now.
I've been trying to get help for almost a year and a half now. Thankfully I am making progress, but it's hard. Thank you.
I've lost more friends than I have left. Shit sucks. Especially because they shouldn't have let him out.
Always take care of yourself first, we'll be here when you're ready to come back. My wife and I have struggled with mental health for the past 5 years and talking about it helps to clear it up and to normalize that your mind can get sick just like your body, and they are often interlinked. All of you, care for all of yourself, you all deserve it.
😘🇦🇺👍
Sarcasm can help a friend in need   🤥😵🥴🙃 u doing awsome
to think i would’ve not only been gone 4-5 years ago but i could’ve also lost my mom a few years earlier..glad you’re spreading awareness
We love you very much Emilia.  You are an amazing woman.  I absolutely love your videos especially this one
Big thumbs up for favorite girls role model on the youtube set priority on top of every thing
Thank you 🙏🏻 driving building vehicles and motorcycles is my therapy again thank you  ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
So much respect to you, Emelia. I've watched for so long. Taking time away to be there for your friend is most important. As someone that's tried in the past it's never easy. I'm glad your friend has you. We will all be here in your corner with you and him in our thoughts.
You just gained beyond respect from me. Cause it takes a lot to even get to the point of talking about that stuff at all. You are amazing! Keep it up for sure!!!💓💓💓💓
Trying to keep this short and sweet. I am happy that both you and your friend are "alright" I know that it will take time for you both to be better. It is, however, a journey that I am confident you will excel at. In the meantime maintain your focus and enthusiasm, be well and God bless.
Who knew Sandy was not just there for eye candy! Thanks for sharing about your friend. I hope he gets the help that he needs. One day at a time.
Mental health is simple to fix! You gotta Except Jesus our savior and truly Commit to living for him! That is the only thing that has helped many people I know.
I lost my only sibling, my sister (2011), dad (2014), and my mom (2019), I've been skirting on the edge of depression for a while now, but not to the point of wanting to off myself.....  My wife and her family have been great in picking up on seeing the signs of me slipping into deeper depression and helping me climb out...  If it wasn't for the 25 years I've had with them so far, I probably wouldn't be here typing this comment
@EmeliaHartford firstly I'm sorry your going through a tough time and I want you to know your not alone! I too have mental health conditions and positive role models like yourself have been what's lacking in life. I'm a survivor of a rough childhood ( can't put exactly what on here) and I'm still seeing a therapist after 6 years and she's amazing but it's watching vlogs like yours that makes me smile when I haven't smiled in weeks because I feel so down and I can't explain why or how I feel down sometimes. Your work for mental health and your personal experiences can help break the stigma and assumptions of the topic... I am a new subscriber of a month or so but I love the content and how real and down to earth you are... that 458 in marvel universe would be Hulk for sure. Look forward to the next vlog! Thank you 😊
Mental care begins inside the family, it's a long way to figure it out, if tell that because i have a mental issue, yes i take pills, but it's more than that, again starts with the family it's the Origin of the problems.
Keep up the great work
Sorry to hear about your friend.   Mindset is huge as far as how you feel physically.  there were several years in a row when i didn't have that overall feeling of just feeling good or normal everyday.  really made my body sick with stuff i was going through.  still clawing my way out of it, but head is above water and i am moving forward.  Thank you for bringing attention to this issue.
Been following you since DDE collaborations!! Keep-it up
Any discount codes for Motul oil. I’m about out   I’m glad your friend is ok   Never stop supporting those who do need help as you may be there one chance to live. With love.
Emilia - maximum respect for sharing your message on mental health, it’s a hard topic for guys to discuss. Appreciate you for showing bravery; exemplifies exactly how conversations on this topic should be seen, as bravery, rather than weakness.
🙏
Good luck with the custom grind cam.  For some reason, all the recently made camshafts and lifters, even from Comp Cams, Crane and other famous brands, are destroying themselves in short order.  This has made the prices of NOS (New Old Stock) cams, climb in price.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJCWzVjhags
Did you solve the Ferrari’s catching on fire issues with that hose?
Your an amazing person for always thinking of others the way you do especially when they are not feeling well mentally and that is awesome that you did the commercial
are u going to make  and use  cardboard gaskets for the new motor   lol
Idk w.e it is your friend attempted but tell them to keep trying and they'll succeed :)
I was watching but when you start taking about ford junk I just can't it's like watching Biden trying give a speech sorry
So sorry for your loss Miss Emelia and I hope your friend gets the help that he needs. I am so grateful for your honesty   with your feelings. You are a perfect example of what a Good Friend is......😊
Guys our girl is almost at 1 mil😭❤
Thank you so much for sharing.
Emilia, all I can say is Thank You!  Thank You for being a genuine, caring beautiful human being!  Keep doing what you do, and keep striving for better!
Stay safe out there and stay positive
I respect you your friends were way more important than YouTube that’s all the matters you check on your friends fuck YouTube when it comes to situations like that
999 turn the negative into a positive💯
Thank you for sharing. I suffer from bi-polar disorder and it’s a emotional roller coaster to say the least. I was looking for someone to do some work on my car and I found Peitz Performance and your C8. Well needless to say the rest is history. (Of course they are doing the work on my car.) I’ve been following you since and love your videos. Keep up the great content. My toy is only a 13 Camaro SS pro charged, but I can live vicariously through your videos. 😊 Thanks again, Ernest New Braunfels, TX.
Glad your friend and you are okay 👍
You have been such a rockstar for the cause and have brought more attention to the problem. For this I personally send you all the respect ✊ I can from way up here. Keep up the absolute incredible work you do and keep pushing for the help that’s needed always. 🤙🏼🇨🇦❤️‍🩹
Thank you. Thank you for being you and being honest. Thank you for everything you do.
Yep. Can't watch your videos anymore. Goodbye.
I’ve been fighting depression for years now , and I don’t let it alter me … I’m a man and as a man shit much be done and I have a choice to make am I gonna push thru it and control my own mind and make something of it , or am I gonna sit down and cry ..I chose to get it done
I have been blessed to not have anyone in my life go to that extreme. That said,  I know mental health issues do exist. I'm truly sorry for you and anyone else that has had or is living with that. Prayers for you, your family, friends and fans.   Do you have a particular charity or organization that you donate to that your fans / followers can donate to as well?  Every penny helps. But only when the organization is reputable. So many scammers out there, people are afraid to help. I'm sure you have vetted plenty, with all you do.  Thank you for the outrageous content and your hypnotic smile and laugh. God Bless.
Thanks
Edited - my comment was supporting but inappropriate for the context later in the vid. I commented THAN watched the vid.  SO, I know, from personal experience that having someone close that is going through mental health issues is incredibly hard. Personally, i have never felt more helpless. And it leaves a huge hole, emptiness. To find an actual someone to help, listen, guide is so hard.  I appreciate you sharing something so personal with us. I bet there are more of us in here with an experience or story than we all realize.
Everybody needs a break Emelia..hope u're all doing good..
You are such a huge inspiration. The sky is the limit and the further you go the more you always give back and show how genuine you are.
People having mental health issues need to look into what you are eating. Look into the Carnivore Diet. It changed my life in 90 days.
Love you!
I lost my best friend & the woman I loved to suicide. Tomorrow is the 6 year anniversary of that horrific day, and I still feel broken by it. I don't know your friend, but I genuinely and sincerely hope they can find the strength to keep fighting. Having you by their side can only help, and I hope you are managing OK and looking after yourself too. Best wishes to you both - XO.
I've lost a brother and cousin to mental health and it breaks my heart hearing your voice when trying to keep it together. I know its tough but we're all here for each other ❤
Stay strong 💪🙏🏻
I’m sorry you had to go through that with your best friend. Best of wishes🙏🏻
Thanks for your frank talk about mental health.  It helps a lot to be reminded that there are not nearly enough resources for helping the vast number of people impacted and struggling.
Top 5: Bad Things to be with a RUSSIAN WOMAN... https://youtu.be/YSZ0VvFbu24
I am excited to see what you got in mind Emilia. Your so crazy it always makes me smile. Oh and great control on the blow out btw, you could have ended up in the wall.
I pray all will be well! Love you and yours
Thank you Emelia, you are a truly special person. I’m sorry to hear that your friend is going through such a struggle. I have 3 teenagers, and have my own demons to battle as well, so I am fully aware of the toll it takes. The work you’re doing to bring awareness and open up the discussion about mental health is wonderful, please keep doing what you’re doing. I don’t believe there can possibly be too much exposure and awareness about how widespread and serious this is in our country. I really hope both of you are doing better and making it through this together. Stay safe out there.
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Emelia! love the content, keep up the great work, Im not a fan or the 458. would love to see more of the corvette/Mustang..
We are HERE FOR YOU 🙏🙏🙏
New research and studies are examining the benefits of psychedelics into effectively treating a variety of mental health issues. Please look into.
emelia big heart big smile trulie on of a knd
Done as soon as i saw choi.
I live in Delaware. And in my state you have to want help to get help.. There is no way that you can actually get some you can actually get somebody into a facility unless they want to be there. My father-in-law God Rest assault he passed away in 2019 of a heart attack but but we tried many times throughout the years to get him into a facility because he was a schizophrenic paranoid and and that is a very hard hard thing to Deal with. We don't shit everyday for 17 years Me my wife Fought the system over and over and over to get him help and they would not help him unless he wondered it. He assaulted police officers he assaulted people at grocery stores and convenience stores installers and they couldn't lock him up and put him in a jail because of his mental disorder but until he said  "I NEED HELP"  There was nothing we could do and it was hard raising 3 kids around that there was times where he tried to take my kids from me and my wife and we dealt with it hes called homeland security honest honest because we're playing Call of Duty on xbox. There are so many stories I could tell you but when he was not on one of his rampages he was a great man and most cities people that have these disabilities or issues are great people when they're on their medication and when they're calm. And he has tried to commit suicide several times songs and that was the hardest thing not knowing and not being able to help And to this day we still miss him. So I understand and so does my wife and we have taught our kids that if they have anything they mean to talk to us so that way we can get to it if there is an issue Before it gets worse   and I thank you For putting that aware in the South
GOD bless everyone! TY Emilia! And sorry about your Dad, K...
watchjrgo must be so jealous lol
Who cares 🤣🙄
Impressive driving Emelia can’t wait too see Motul commercial
Good!!!   Bye.  Whoever the hell you are.
So very awesome how you take time to talk about Mental Health
Emilia is so damn beautiful!!!!
988 for all of you!! Much love and hope help… helps y’all
Bringing tears to my eyes 👀.  You’re an AMAZING person Emelia!  Never stop being you!
Nice power slide Ms. E! Also, nice message about health and wellness.  Be well, you rock 🤙
with .......... byyyyeee
We love you and wish you nothing but the best  thank you for sharing with us ❤️
Ohhhhhh, apply cold water! Dropping an 'its so tiny' thats what she said on an Asian internet celebrity? Thats just Savage, I want to see a Hertrech Eugene Jr reaction video to this 🤣
Respect ❤️
I'm hoping it wasn't Shawn that tried
Yep, stop posting!
can i ask what mic setup you used for your 458 in the tunnel... it sounds great but I'm having trouble capturing that kind of thing
Your are so pretty! 😍🥰
Cool video 👍 are you a GT-pro or Am driver? You know like Le Man’s
Sorry Emelia, but we don`t  know what is like, to be a sad woman, behind green eyes, on a green Ferrari; after all, you can`t allways get what you want...; some wisdom from THE WHO and THE ROLLING STONES. But thanks, so you help us, to understand that the happiness, should to come from the inside, never from the things arround outside. But, still so, I love the cars, and they can would help to found up, a little bit of harmony. See you... Que estès bien...
its extremely tacky to be talking about other people mental health issues/struggles publicly.
I think this is the fourth time I've heard you say "I went to Mexico and got food poisoning"
Profit is first before help that's the systems failure
I just wanted to say, you're doing a great thing for mental health. While I've never lost a loved one to it, and I've never had thoughts of harming myself because of it, its a struggle we all go through everyday. Anyone who says otherwise is an outright liar. I've been very grateful to have the great family, friends and job that I have. Take care of yourself, I can guarantee you there are those of us that will be right here waiting if you ever need to take more time off. YouTube should never be a job, its a passion.
Amazing quality video! Congrats Emilia!
Let's talk about stress.
Mental Health.  Can’t treat it if we don’t talk about it.  Keep the message going.
Just call Steve Morris 4000 HP billet blocks
Stay strong, it works its it's way out.
Over the course of the last 6 months i tried twice. i only survived due to my beautiful amazing rescue dog nya. im on the mend and just manaaged to get back to work after 5 months off.
Thank you for helping break the stigma !
The best
awesome video,  just wondered if the color has grown on you?  great driving.
WHY I DON'T CARE!
I know what you are going through. My brother battled mental illness for almost 2 decades. He attempted back in 2009 and was in and out of the hospital for years. Sadly we lost him 6 months ago to mental illness. It’s never easy to see someone struggle and suffer. Keep your head up and take care of yourself when you need to.
I’m sorry to hear what you, your brother and family is going through right now! Taking the time off that you did was so critical and so good for you!! I know what it’s like to lose someone close that was successful in their attempt which was my second youngest cousin about 4 and half years ago! And a friend of mine made an attempt not to long ago but a friend thankfully came over to her place a the right time to stop it! Thankfully she’s now back home close to family which is an important to her and for her! I’m glad that you’ve been able to get through the worst of it and are okay yourself! I hope your brother is able to get the help that he really needs because he’s got more value to the people closest to him than he realizes and that there is a brighter tomorrow as well as a way out of the dark place he’s in right now! I hope you, your brother and family are doing as well as possible in this hard time and I look forward to seeing your next video and have a wonderful day!!
O close friend of mine in the past was the same way. Got out in a room for so long a couple times for trying to self harm. Over time he managed to over come that and was an awesome lively person and just lost that person I considered a brother in a motorcycle accident where he got hit by a truck riding his motorcycle with his wife. She made it he didn't. Fully understand take the time when needed
You hang in there and I hope your friend gets the help needed.  Also just know your videos are awesome, love seeing you do all that you do!!  But that said you need to take time for yourself and I will never fault you for that just know you are missed when your absent but also understand why.  Keep doing what makes you happy, we are just along for the ride!!
Your great, keep drifting on. Much love!
Proud of you, even though I don't know ya! Enjoyed the vid Emelia.
Lots of love to ya, Veterans are committing suicide at roughly 20 per day .
US healthcare system is atrocious. You pay for insurance for the right to pay for your healthcare for the right to be denied healthcare. It’s literally horrible. Canadians, Europeans, rest of the civilized world - we are envious.
You are such a badass girl there is hands down not  another female in the car creator content Arena that can even come close to how awesome you are and your videos are I've been watching for a while and I'm so impressed so proud of you, you are so beautiful inside and out keep doing your thing keep your chin up high we love you !
Just wanted to say, thank you for putting out this video.
@0:45 🥵🥵🥵🥵
God bless you girl. From this old man in Texas.
Your a strong woman.  Thanks for talking about it!! You never know you might’ve saved a life. Big hugs Girl!
Sandy, I need your Council on my 38 ford. I dont know Ford's and I cant get the built motor to run. HELP ME!!!!!!!
If Emelia doesn't get a roll in the next Fast N Furious film I ain't watching it!!!
Thank you for opening up to us. Mental health is a very serious issue for many. Take the time to help yourself. We care, and we will be here, always.
Thank you for being so upfront. . .
👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️
This is low quality content
As a woman that loves to rip it as well, I live vicariously threw you lol.
I luv you Emelia you are a rock for all the people in your life mad respect for you:)
Cause your a giant fraud and have never set a real record in your life all your so call records are BS and you know it like you never show a time slip and why is Guinness never there for your records and where are your plaques for the records you’ve broken you should have a few of them at least
I suffer for severe depression and I wish I had just ONE family member or friend that even cared 1/4 of the amount you care for people. You are an absolutely beautiful amazing sweet person. Always keep your head up and never change who you are.
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Pro-tip: Stop going to the ghetto for tire changes...poor guys shop couldn't afford an "E" on their shops sign...Do they have a Patreon to help out???...LOL
Love you Hartford ❤️!!!
You rock Emilia keep on keeping on. Losing my mother that way and countless others due to being in the military I know the feelings.
Your amazing thank you for all that you do.  Being there for a loved one is number one for sure. Content can always be made later 🤘🤘
Puppy in the frunk?  Lol
Yo E, we r ur krew. We got u. U herd me? U ever need  anything. Reach out..... We out, with ♥️
Love  you  all
Boss 429 heads would be awesome
Thank you for bringing awareness you brought tears to my eyes ive been struggling with my demons hard lately and my grandfather being in the hospital is not helping at all this week i know deep down i should talk to someone about all the trama in my lifetime but with the lack of available funds to even  be able to talk to someone i unfortunately just keep pushing this down further so thank you again for bring light to mental health problems and hopefully one day i can be in a position to deal with my mental health problems
Stay strong Emelia!
Also thank you for bringing awareness I myself suffer from Combat Related PTSD from the war in Iraq and I live alone with no drivers license so sometimes it can be a bit more than I can handle and I really have nobody else that I can lean on or talk to so I end up burying the feelings and then they come exploding out at the most unexpected and innapropriate times possible making me look crazy to what friends I do have but because of my issues I keep my circle tight there have been many who couldn't handle it or me including two ex wives before I was 30yrs old.... I am hoping to one day pack-up and head down to Florida or somewhere with nice weather year round and buy a home to enjoy the rest of my forced early retirement....
Emelia!!! *Really Big Hhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggssssssssss* You are such an incredible fighter in this harsh life!!!
Such a amazing young lady
The biggest issue that I see is you know some of these doctors actually want to help and sincerely give a care others well they don't institutions however is where I'm going with this because it's all about the big insurance money for the suicide watch when the insurance money runs out they simply kick you out so if we're ever going to get past that then we have to pass that there's a lot of stuff that goes on in order to ever get a person to that point in their life shoot when I jumped I had no clue that I was going to do that that night just all the sudden came over me and I did it I'm still  here evidently for a reason but now I spend my time trying to help other people however I just see a lot of holes in the system
It’s tough for people to get the help that’s needed when the system is broken…   In my experience, when it comes to certain things (family member being diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer’s/dementia) they’ll tell you there’s help. But there’s no help… what they consider help, is the equivalent of handing you a paper towel when you’re floating in the middle of the f**kin ocean.  You’re essentially forced to give up everything and do everything by yourself. Unless you have a spare $500k laying around to buy into a semi decent care facility.   Being in my 30’s and unexpectedly thrown into this situation with zero help. I would’ve lost my own mind by now had I not been opened up to the world of fungi. Microdosing saved me from the very dark road I was on.
I am so sorry that you have had such a crappy two weeks.  My heart is with you.
Maybe you should teach the guys on DDE how to drive like that….
I THINK EM SHOULD BUILD A NASSSTY LITTLE SHIFTER CART WITH A TURBO'D BUSA ON IT YEEYEE!!! Ya gurl can wheel so it'd be sickkk to see her skating around in a stupid power-to-weight ratio little Mario cart hitting banana peels hahahahaha
#EmeliaHartford Much love Emelia ... I'd say "stay strong" but we all know it's not that easy. I suffered a breakdown around 30 years ago - with the help of trusted friends I've 'kinda' made it through. (I say 'kinda' because my brain tried to eat itself in 2016 - so much so, that I'm on a butt-load of meds each day to stay alive). A lot of people don't understand, but many do -- you are one of these people & I praise God for that. 🧠❤‍🩹
lol she thinks she is strad its hilarious
I'm certain that Cleetus would have rented you the Freedom Factory for the shoot!
Good the hear you and your friend are ok.
One of the reasons I follow your channel is your care for mental health. I have been struggling with mental health myself, survived 2 attempts, now I'm in a way better place and my passion for cars helped a great deal in this difficult Journey. Now I can help my 10yr old daughter, who is struggling with mental health issues. So gratefull to be here now and be able to help my little girl in her struggle. Keep doing what you do, and help raise awareness for mental health like you have been doing! People like you, making the content you have been making, realy made a difference in my struggle! You may never know how you helped someone make it through the day.  But be sure of it, it actualy helps! Thank you so much! Much love and respect from Holland!🙏❤
CA is all jacked up
Love and Support, Always
Thank you for being so honest about this topic. More people should be doing this. mental health is so awful and more people need to be educated on this topic.
When catalytic converters first appeared in the mid 70's, we were warned never to use leaded fuel or it would ruin the converters. Is lead no longer a problem for cc's?
Crazy that even though we don't know each other, I started to worry when you had not posted in a few weeks. I'm happy to see you back and I wish you and your crew well!
We love 💕 U 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
To much drama
Much love Emelia
honestly, i know you have loud exhaust and all, but after the video shoot the engine didn't sound right as you were driving away...hopefully it's just low oil, but a top end teardown may be in order to double check?
Nice too see Tomato  my favorite car in your collection ☺️🍅 would love too see more of your tomato 🥺💖
As a person who has suffered from depression literally all my life (since i lost my eye at 12), who's also attempted several times. I thank you, your support for those with mental illnesses is part of why i stick around, of course the videos are awesome too though! Keep up the good work. <3
i have ran the life of my tires with plugs in them and never had anything more done even my tire shop installs just a plug in a tire
💖💖💖💖🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
“Can we get a moment of silence” - TheStradman. It’s important to care for ur family no matter what. Family is always the most important thing to a person. It’s important to pay our respect to someone who has lost a member of their family but it is also important to keep pushing forward. “Even if life doesn’t give us the gifts we were hoping for, *the real gift is life itself*” - Master Fu
We love and support you! You do you and take the time you need! We will all still be here waiting for your newest videos! Sorry for the struggles you and your friend are going through! 🙏🏼❤️
Going legit on the NIRA circuit?
I actually teared up watching the end of this video I suffer from multiple mental heath issues all caused over 6 years ago a good friend who also suffered from mental heath and I was trying to be there for and help him for no reason headbutted me while I was driving the love of my life nissan skyline r33 gtr and knocked me out cold,  I floored it unconscious went into a  70mph spin in a tight residential area hit a house wall sideways and nearly went through the house I ripped my jaw off completely 16 brakes and fractures. The seat belt smashed all my ribbs both side 23 brakes 7 holes in left lung my broken ribbs  puntncherd it and shattered my pelvis, shitloads of damage to my spine,,I died 4 times , I had no memories of it but after 3 years started having things come back mostly the headbutt tbh , I have  brain damage , amnesia, ptsd . Night terrors ,anxiety, depression the list goes on my friend who headbutted me had minor injuries but his heart was week and he died I can't explain the deverstation it's had and still badly affects me as I know how carefully and gently I drove that car in 11 years just under 1000miles I put on it cuz basically took it straight to peaces to build and polish crome and powder coated everything,,,, obviously the world labelled me boy racer and was looking at upto 14years in jail after recovering and court cases for 4 years I eventually got sentenced to 14months serve 7 in jail only because had the uks GTR expert to back me up because they got everything twisted and incorrect about the car , thank u so much for your outspoken aproch to mental heath u have really helped me mire then u will ever know I'm your biggest fan ❤️
From a person that lost a brother at 46 due to attempts then finally cirrhosis, I thank you for sharing.
Glad your friend is doing better, sending good thoughts to you both, he's a blessed soul to have your support. Thanks for what you do!
<3
I was in that dark place, back in 98. I thought I lost everything 2 years prior. A phone call saved my life. I decided to finally talk to someone, and what I found was someone with bigger shoulders than mine. I will never go back to that place. My wife didn’t know, my kids didn’t know. I’m here. Love life, and have so many things to do.
Glad all are doing better. Glad you're bringing awareness to this issue. Thank you Thank you!!
Question: Why are you screwing with a Ford ( Fix or repair daily ? ) . I hope your pockets are super deep.
As a local 399 mechanic my personal cars I would never use suction cups I’d have the grips rig it right not the easy way good luck 👍 cool vid 👍👍
I love how real you are about mental health and that you're not afraid to talk about it. I hope the "it's okay to not be okay" t shirts become available again. I just lost my best friend to suicide, so I want to do anything I can to spread awareness.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts on the subject and I hope more people are touched by what you have shared with them. What ever happened to your racing career that you were going to be a second driver.in the team you tried out for looking forward to your reply Kraig from Washington State
0:31 her first mistake was trying to resist 😂😂😂
So much Respect to u Emelia for supporting your friends and the awareness of mental health communities! You have a big heart, that the world needs more off... Stay Strong, Healthy , and bless U!!! ❤🥃🍻
prayers
i wish I was on a scooter in that tunnel.
You have such a beautiful soul! Keep it up ecrew got you!!!❤
Glad everyone is okay 🙌
The run for a milion subcribers on the Why #emelia in a doubt flat out …. Big Hugo from Portugal 🇵🇹 to you
Be careful folks there are people out there using EMELIA’s name and likeness, I can’t tell you why people have nothing better to do but it may have made me be extremely rude to a young lady I admired without limits! If it wasn’t her I can’t find the words to express my sorrow 😢😢
Prayers to your and your family. Keep speaking up. Everyone matters. Taking care to help others matters.  Post Purchase Inspection!
Hi Emelia I'm also going to agree to what others are saying about you being and inspiration and also think you should be proud of yourself.  I have been watching your videos for a long time now and would like to say that your videos help.  I haven't said this in too many places but I have had a constant battle with depression and the big S word.  Your videos put a smile on the faces of so many people out here, I can say your videos have given me the want to be better and not be ashamed to seek help.  I've wanted to do things at one point in my life and I know now that its ok to be not ok and not be ashamed of it.  This is what your vides have done for so many out here for you to be so vocal about your experiences.  Im not sure if you will even see this but from the bottom of my heart I want to say thank you for being there and sharing with us all.  You're a testament to all who see your videos that there is help out and to not be ashamed to seek help or to take the first step in getting help.    Thank you  Mike
Thank you for sharing and glad you and your friend are OK.  If we talk about mental health honestly and openly, it'll hopefully become less of a stigma.
Was that top of third gear in the tunnel? ;)
Enjoy seeing creators using this platform for positive things.  WTG, E!!
Emilia and crew y'all rock! Love the channel and content! I'm here for the algorithm! Peace. Ecrew we out here...with love......bbyyyyyeeeee
Dealing with mental health is a daily issue for me, has to be the hardest thing I have ever had to deal with. I hope that medically the treatments are about to jump ahead leaps and bounds . My thoughts are with you and all my brothers and sisters, love ❤️
Damn you clean up good... We could go to the track then go to a nice restaurant... McDonald's even?
Healthcare is collapsing and issues like this are being swept under the rug because company’s won’t pay nurses docs etc. they don’t care about staffing issues and patient care and it is sad.
Ridiculously gorgeous! Dayum! 🔥 Also a heart of gold caring and advocating to help others. Keep it up Emelia!
Emelia lay off the caffeine, please take a breath, really.
You are such a f@$&ing inspiration and such a good person! You rock Emelia!! Please consider dropping more of the "it's ok to not be ok" merch or something along the same lines! Best line yet!
nose job?
Lost a friend that was like a brother to me last weekend to mental health problems
From someone who has unfortunately witnessed the tragedy of this illness , Thanks for doing what you can to bring awareness to a very difficult  topic , stay strong ! ❤
So what's your relationship to Jesus Christ?
i have so much respect for you. Always being so humble and genuine, you are a role model for sure. I did even purchase some merch also. I know the feeling of feeling like crap, but becuse of you and some other Youtubers I found motivation to continue. You are so awesome and you bring so much to Youtube also. Health is important <3  We will always support you! E crew out here with love :)
Officially my last Emelia video, I’m outa here……byeee!
We love you Emelia 💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞
Love Ya, Emelia!
Well said & well done, Emelia! Stay Strong & Never Give Up! ❤️🙏❤️
You’re the fucking best.  From drifting and us cheering To being open and honest and making us cry along with you.  Keep it up ❤️
COVID isn’t a thing that causes bed shortages unless you live in a communist state.  Blame that lovely governor of California
Listen, Emelia... I am going threw some mental shit myself... Hard to battle your thoughts when life keeps kicking you in the gut... Mental health isn't something to mess with. Like you said, People may be batteling demends that you had no clue existed. keep your head up. Your not the only one going threw shit. We got your back
Return to life shirts and hoodies are sold out! Please let us know when they’re available again!
Sweetheart i wish i was able to give you a great big hug, just so you know we love you and care about you. I think we know who your talking about and would you please pass our love onto him and let him know the world would be a much colder place without him in it. You are both wonderful people and we are so proud of everything you have built together and look forward to all your future adventures. We sometimes all need to be reminded that not only does life have no rules, it also has no "shop manual" It's ok to say i'm lost, or have just messed up and can't find a way out and need help. And that you will never be a burden one the ones closest to you by saying "i need help" We love you all, stay safe and stay strong. We are here for you !!!!!
You’re amazing and an inspiration!! Thank you
I don't even know how to put my feelings into words... I'm just glad that you and yours are ok. you all deserve every good thing that has come to you and some. Please keep up the good work and thank you for taking the time needed to help your friend. Your fans will always be here.
I've been struggling for 20+ years with depression and PTSD. I'm personally at the end of my rope, I'm tired of fighting, tired of being tired. Nothing brings happiness or joy, I can't even remember what that fkn feels like anymore. I'm sorry to be negative but I need to be open
#ECREW ❣️
🖤🖤🎃🖤🖤
U need to take care of yourself first lv . I'm with u
Literally got chills when you spike about mental health because I for one is currently fighting. Thank you for you being you and speaking out. ❤️
😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️👍👍👍
Well I'm here for you if u need someone to talk to.  I'll pray you all . U all really need Jesus he's the one that can truly help u
Kudos on recognizing when you need to take a breather.  E-Crew has your back!
I'm proud of you
I'm happy your ok I understand how it is  I lost a friend of mine 2 months ago and he was also like a brother to me so I understand what your going through you have my  Condolences and your a  Amazing person
👍👍👍👍 sexy baby 😘😘😘
Hey, when are you going to wrap C8 in the same color as the Ferrari
I need a girl like you in my life
This chick was just driving a preius and living in an apartment like not too long ago its crazy how much she has blown up..
I’m sorry but used to make $75,000 a year / and am now paralyzed head to tow = yet every one makes  millions a day off asshole like me watching stupid videos and I had a dirtbike wreck at 50 mph and am paralyzed head to toe / and am poor as dirt = and joe Biden is finish me off = hate joe Biden
I swear I saw Same Elliot 🤣🤣
I have lived with bipolar disorders all my life and mental health issues. Have attempted a few times before but been found ? They say that you needs meds but that doesn't really work.🌹❤️
Lost my 66 year old father 2 years ago to dementia Alzheimer's keep up the donations🙌🏼
yolo
We love you and your videos Emelia. Keep it up. You're awesome and amazing for everything you do. You're a huge inspiration to alot of us. Cant wait to see the burnout machine at it again.
❤
I think it’s amazing that you’re so open about mental health, it’s really made me realize that I’m not odd or a sub standard person for my depression and anxiety. Now that I’ve opened up about it to people I’ve realized I’m not alone . Thank you Amelia.
Dang. 4+ Distracted driving charges in one video.
❤️❤️❤️That’s all I need to say
That's exactly why a lot of people go LS because there are some many different Ford parts that won't work together. More power but a lot more hassle. Awesome content Emelia ❤️. Aussie Fan 🤘🇦🇺🆒
Nice video 😊
❤
Take your time. Ecrew will be here for you.....
❤🖖
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Stay mentally strong, all you have to do is get through today.
Thank you Emelia for bringing awareness to mental health. I'm sorry about your friend. I suffer from a mental health condition as well so it means so much to see you bring awareness to mental health disorders such as mine. Thanks again with love bye
With the healthcare system in the USA ranked number 23 in the world is it any Wonder why we can't get help even if we have insurance, Mexico rank number 7 in healthcare there are good medical Care in Mexico better than the USA. And without all the extreme regulation of the USA. If you can get to Europe you'll be in good shape too.
🦋💋 Passing it on. Something my dad would do.
Yeeeeey, Choi is back. I like him. The car is sooooo awsome with the widebody, btw.
AGX BACK ON THE TUBES. I've missed these guys so much.
please tell your friend that it is OK to hit the bottom and he can always get back up.There is a light at the end of the tunnel and it is not always a train.For your own mental wellbeing remember that it is not your fault. It is very hard to ask for help and some o us are very good at hiding a problem.Just do what you are doing and be there for him.With love!!!
love and support from Hawaii! ❤ we love you!
From somebody who been under the UK mental health majority of my life (38 years) .. Its men that need to talk more, Women sit around a table with a couple bottle of veno, Men go pub and never ever speak about the hurt they feel, Men need to talk more but its ok NOT to be ok.. Never think your alone, ive no next of kin, no partner, just lost my father then i lost my beagle, in 1983 )13) was sectioned under the metal health, then psychosis ,genetic blood disorder with no cure, so fatal, had a stroke, list go's on and on, on end of life drugs and yet ive find my positive in all this, is certain youtubers who are genuine , i struggle just to go out the front door. worn fentanyl pain patches for around 10 years now.   i been with you from the beginning, infact i asked when you was going to do a shirt for shaun many many years back. I loved how you two have stuck together although your love for alex shines very brightly. I love alex choi, that lad gonna grow up lilke Manny K.  You can make your body hide anything, but your eyes cant lie, there the windows to our souls.. Make a nice cuppa tea and give eric the steering wheel dude a call. ehheeh Keep the PMA going, if thats posative then all will fall into place.    I really hope youre friend is getting better and if they want to talk to a total stranger, Im always here.. 🌹
Emelia you are an amazing woman!😇 You know we ALL are here for you 100%.💖 And if you need to take 2 weeks, 3 weeks or even a month off from YouTube....do it! We will be here when you get back!🥰 Second...I'm so glad your ok.🙏 Having food poisoning on top of dealing with that I'm sure didn't help matters...but know this, you are far stronger then you think.😉 And Last...Can't wait to see what you have in store....knowing you, I'm sure it's going to be EPIC!💯🔥 E-Crew Member out....with love.😊
I recently went through the same thing.  This world can really throw some curve balls and anyone looking for help, just know that there is always someone out there that will help you.  It may not be easy but it's worth it and this bump in the road that your feeling is only temporary.  God pulled me out this time and I wasn't really expecting it to say the least.
If u wanna talk i am open on Instagram i already follow u
I am so very sorry about your friend. My thoughts are with you and your loved ones.❤️
So glad you are okay and your friend was not successful in the attempt. Do what you gotta do to stay safe sane and healthy!
I wish rhe best 4 ur friend hope he or she will heal soon and the best 4 u 2
you are doing great.  Thank you for just trying when it comes to the mental health stuff.  It helps.  People go thru lows mentally and in general life.  Men for some reason just get ignored.  People just think you are fine.  toughen up and suck it up type shit and most men just don't like to talk about feeling and what not.
Glad you are doing well. I really don’t even question when you don’t post because you work so hard and everyone needs a break sometimes. Physically and mentally! Hope all stays well with your friend. D crew we out! 😂😂😂
Ypu arr the  best
We veterans deal with this a lot and have to support each other a lot regarding suicide awareness and almost all of us have been touched by it. It fucking sucks.
I hope your friend is ok. I battle depression and anxiety after loosing my mother. I’ve come a long way but still not 100%. People In society still don’t understand what it’s like to deal or battle that stuff on a daily basis. And the medical profession hasn’t caught up to it either.  Nobody truly wants to help, except for doctors giving you medication, which sucks in itself. I have been battling it for 4 or 5 years, and still haven’t found good solutions other than meds, which in my opinion aren’t good.
4 min in . One of the best vlogs yet. Loving et
Keep up the fight Mel. Depression is the hardest opponent anyone can fight, cause you might not know what your fighting.
I struggle with it every damn day.  I push hard to keep myself going forward.  Thank you for putting yourself out there and talking about this.
🙏 my prayers are with you and friend and want to say thank you for talking about this with us
Just gotta say there's nothing SUPER special about your channel. You are the reason I click. Your attitude-- positivity Sandy lol the crew makes my day.if u come across negative clowns / Bums?  just know there are pretty credible- important people that think you are awesome.  Yea I brag like that lol. Keep YO head held HIGH cause U ROCK
prayers for you and your friend! some of my friends and family went through mental health struggles. God's Got You.
Not use to seeing Emily all dolled up what a total babe!!
Love them tunnels😜 Seriously, thank you for helping to de-stigmatize mental health issues.  My Dad also died from mental illness & my wife is Bi-polar.  Getting good information out to the public can help everyone understand and heal.
I think you should change the number on your cars to 988 being you one of the only ones speaking on mental health god bless
Luv ya girl
Talking sooo fast !!!
Hang in there you can get through this. I pray for you and your friend to gain strength.
By the way I also struggle with homelessness off and on too.
❤
I get SSI. I have been diagnosed with Add- ADHD bi-polar manic depression. So I feel you. I look forward to your video's. 👏😃
Your a strong woman, im sorry for everything your going thru, have you had a chance to reachout to stephan Lewis of the Utah crew. He may need a you in his corner.
Great respect to you Emelia for taking the time to let us all know what you have been going through, and glad that you and your friend got the help you both needed. I totally understand what your friend has dealt with as I've been there myself, unfortunately the health service in the UK is totally useless when it comes to mental health, as soon as you mention any kind of mental health problem to your doctor all they do is just give out the Anti Depressants, and kick you out the door to deal with it yourself.
Emelia, i hope you see this. May of 2018 i lost my brother to a drug overdose. My whole entire world was crushed. He was my best friend. I never really watched a lot of youtube, in fact i never knew channels like yours even existed back then. I was doing anything and everything i could to take my mind off of the tragedy i had just witnessed, and i found Cleetus’ channel. Through his channel i found several others, and yours is one of them. It may sound stupid, but these videos put a smile on my face in my absolute darkest hour. It gave me something to look forward to, something to focus on (the builds, etc) and it motivated me to not give up on my own project cars. I feel like this isnt said enough, and i know im not the only one, but thank you. Thank you, and the other automotive content creators here for what you do. You help people way more than you may realize. I’ll be keeping you and your friend in my thoughts for sure. Wishing yall the best.
Respect ❤
Thank you for talking openly about mental health. I'd also like you to know a simple statement you once made at the end of a video helped me get through a tough day. Peace and much love.
I know what it's like to have someone you care about take their own life. I also attempted zto end myself when I was younger. There weren't many resources back then. You kind of just went through things by yourself. I'm so glad people like Amelia are out there letting people know that " It's okay to not be okay." It's all about getting rid of the idea that having those kinds of thoughts makes you less of a person. Just remember everyone needs help sometimes. Nobody is 100% sane anyway.
I have seen your videos and enjoyed them for sure.  I remember you talking about growing up and some challenges and obstacles you overcame.  Out of all the videos I have seen of yours, this is my favorite.  Has nothing to do with the cars.  It has to do with the reality you brought forward.  I have huge respect for those who talk about mental illness head on and out of the shadows.  It is just like social media, show some pics of the injury or the incident that lead up to it happening.  Mental illness will never give you that and it is hard for people to comprehend.  This video speaks volumes about your character.  You probably won't ever see this comment but thanks for taking the time to speak up, it's helping.
Nuff respect em 👍🏾
The bravest girl I know. Thank you so much for sharing with us. Please take care Emelia. Always on my prayers. 🙏
Thank you for being you! I’m so proud that you are representing the Hoosier State so well! I’m from Highland Indiana  and I’ve commented before how your videos help me get through tough days with my anxiety and depression. I’m so glad that someone is bringing awareness to mental health! Again thank you so much!
Emilia you are an amazing person period. As for your best friend show them these comments. Your friend has so much to live for. We don't even know this person and we care. Give your friend a hug for all of us
Glad you are doing as well as you can ☺️☺️. Love when you post 📯. You are a refreshing difference to DDE 🤟🤩.
Belated Happy B''day,.  Sorry to hear about recent events.  Please carry on what you are doing!
Show show! 👍 Santa Maria - RS - Brasil
Math is hard and girls are pretty.
<3 <3
Your nice girl verry nice
I like to wish you love and glad you're doing better and sorry about your dad and I will pray for your friend. God bless you.
Shout out Emelia for everything you are and do! I wish we had more people in this world with the same mindset as you looking out for all of us really. RESPECT!
Thank you for sharing, Emelia.  I have been making an effort to bring myself back to life these past couple of years and it's people like you that keep me inspired to stay motivated.  I wish you and everyone else here striving for a better life to have the strength to keep moving forward!
Thank you. You're an incredible young lady with a powerful message. Keep up the good work. We all need to lean on someone at some point.
I know you've got it hundreds of times by the time I post this comment, but thank you. Thank you for sharing all that you're going through. We care about you. We're also extremely proud of you and can't wait to see what you do next. All the best!! <3
We're with you Emelia and thanks for sticking with us! Wishing you the best.
It kills me how your mind can make you feel so worthless. its the one who is the life of every one. the one who smiles and laughs has a good time and jokes about every thing. when deep inside your mind is at war. it reminds you of every mistake and every fault until your coverd in darkness. by then the pain is to great and the mind is lost. its cold and harsh to a point of unreachability.
Tunnels and underpasses, RAWARRRRRRRRrrrrrequired.
What an inspiration you are. I lost two very close friends in the last year to mental health and the severe lack of help for people with this is shameful. Please keep up the great work you are doing by sending a message that it is ok to reach out and talk to someone about your problems because we will all need someone at some point in our lives and it doesn’t even need to be someone close sometimes just talking to anyone is enough to get you started on the path of recovery. Hats off to you and everyone out there please never stop spreading that message. ❤️
Thanks for your hard work Emilia and reminding us that it's ok to be not ok and to seek help when you need it
You're an amazing person emelia i love watching your videos i hope your friend gets the help he needs i know people who have struggled with they're mental health and got the help they need and are doing great now thank you i know your videos bring joy and happiness to peoples lives
wow what amazing video
Everybody please take care of yourself, thanks for the update beautiful lady, Rj in Oz
Forget the Hotline! Reach our to your friends that care! GO IN PERSON TO GET HELP-- I am happy that your shared this with the internet Emelia - Mental Health issues is a serious problem. I got help and everyone else can by just getting out of your bubble and reach out to a loved one or go in person and talk to someone -
God bless 🙌
Rest positif
<3
Love this we lost someone the same way so many unanswered questions so many blame themselves it hurts everyday n it’s been 4yrs PLEASE THIS IS NOT THE WAY THERE IS HELP!!!! Just ask please
I'm a huge fan Emilia! A very beautiful woman and car girl! Love your videos and what a joy to watch! Thank you for sharing your life. Thank you for being you!
Having my own mental health battles I stumbled across your channel some time ago..Your enthusiasm, positivity in the face of mechanical adversity and the fun you portray helped me. Down here in New Zealand suicide is the number one killer of men. We have free health care and the government talks the talk but they don't walk the walk. Your should be proud of your commitment and courage trying to help destigmatise mental health issues.
How exciting! Good for you! Congratulations! You have quite a life story going on the last handful of years.  Edit: I posted before getting to the end. Thank you for all that you do to help destigmatize mental illness. I have experienced depression multiple times over the last ten years and have tried to do my part to do the same on my small scale. You rock, Emilia.
I can already tell your commercial will be better than TJ Hunt’s commercial 🤘🏻
Emelia stands for: Exciting  Meticulous  Empathetic  Loving Intelligence  Adrenaline
Talking about it on your platform helps  Thank you
You have alot on your plate.  you are successful and hard working you are an inspiration to all of us stay strong and keep one foot ahead of the other 👍
I'm sorry for you and your friend's troubles. I have very bad anxiety and panic attacks with depression so I know how it feels. I'm glad to see you keep shining, girl. I'm waiting on the day we see you on the big screen because I can see it coming
So so glad you’re doing ok and your friend is ok…I’m also very glad you’re still doing YouTube content!!! Love your YouTube content❤️
Much love and prayers for your friend, yourself, and your honesty with a subject not talked about nearly enough.  I can relate to the mental health struggle! So important to seek help! Things can and will get better! Don't choose a permanent solution to a temporary problem.  Thank you for speaking up!
This came up as a suggested video after watching Farideh on a food channel.  I like Emelia's cute overbite.
Mental health is a pandemic all its own. It is so important and sometimes help can be far too hard to find. The world needs more advocates for it.
Emelia thank you for sharing your story. I am very sorry for what you been though and going through. I myself have put my family though tough time with mental health issues. Thanks for your support for mental health. We your fans Love you. Thanks you from the bottom of my heart ❤️ sending love you and your family and friends.
***MOST IMPORTANT*** Most people are missing Jesus Christ...nothing is more important than for a person to get born again....this is the ONLY way to Heaven.....no sense in living a great life just to end up in hell forever in the end
You’re such an amazing person. Thanks for the inspiration and motivation.
Great video
I am bipolar so I understand.
Thank you Emelia for bringing awareness to mental health. Watching your videos always brightens my day up after watching them. This past year the Ohio State University has been very difficult mentally and emotionally with everything going on with the changes and trying to tackle everything on my own trying to juggle work and school full time then come back home to study for classes. This has been the most mentally challenging year for me especially with things not going as well as I planned with the stress and mental fog until one of my engineering professors brought the topic of mental health up during class after seeing a lot of his students being stressed out and always asking for extensions on deadlines.  So my professor made the acronym “Ria”, which means smile in Spanish. The R was reflect on your self. The i was inform (yourself), asking the daily questions of “Am I ok?” and “Are you ok?”. Checking in if everyone was mentally ok/ healthy. Then the a was to act, if there was something wrong with we, as a class with the professor, would help each other to find resources on how to help the students or people of need of help to support them in any way we could.  At that point I told myself enough was enough with my mental health and I gave Cerebral a try. Cerebral connected me with real professionals that specialized in mental health and they were able to connect me with a licensed nurse practitioner who specializes in mental health and were able to get me on a plan that involved monthly consultations and medications to help control the anxiety and stress that I was going through. It has been a few months since my first consultation with Cerebral and I can say with confidence that seeking for help for my mental health has been the best thing I have EVER done for myself. I now think much more clearly than before and feel that I am actually in control of myself.  I highly recommend for anyone who is struggling with mental health or anything to reach out to Cerebral and give them a try. Thank you very much Emelia for bringing up the topic of mental health awareness and delivering amazing videos that brings your audience joy and excitement!
We all love you Emelia take as much time as you need to heal and I will be watching everything you post in the future. My Godfather and my fathers best friend committed suicide and I know how it feels to loose them that way. I offer you a huge hug from across the internet and I now you are so damn strong and will be able to move forward. Bad ass driving in the Ferrari take care hun and just know your fans love you.
You never need to apologize for not uploading. People that can't handle that need to get over it. Your video speaks to me a lot and thank you ❤️
I love you girl keep ur head up ..been there
You stopped posting because you are too busy posting selfies on facebook, pick your lane
Thank you for deeply discussing mental health awareness. I've been struggling for years now and ended up homeless November 2020. It's been a struggle to continue to move forward since than. I have Noone that cares or believes mental health is a reality for me. Watching your videos helps me escape my demons at times, which is better than no escape at all. I've called help lines on my bad days and it doesn't make much of a difference. I fought for my disability for 4.5 years and finally got approved, which I thought would help. Life is rough still and trying to look for a place to call home seems fruitless. Thank you again for all you do, I will continue to fight to survive and watch your content. No promises Ms. Emelia, hope to see you in next video.
Keep going help me I understand that it’s physical and emotional it would drain. keep going never give up
💕
Sorry to hear about your friend. Hope all is the best.  Making posts like this show others it’s ok to seek help. Thanks
So sorry to hear about your friend glad to know there’s people out there like you who take the time to talk about stuff like this we all need a little acknowledgment sometime we feel forgotten I enjoy your videos for cars yeah but also you Emilia your awesome
🤗Best I can do for a hug. Sorry for the troubles & I hope it gets better. Thanks for what you do! You are an inspiration to a lot and thanks for continuing to help!!!
love you
Yo!!! Holy crap dude I'm so happy for you. Yes!!!
Life its not made of bangs it has is down sides and unfortunatly we all see both sides of that coin but stay strong and keep up.
Praying for you and your friend. ❤️
Track name 7 16?
We all love
Hmmmmmm, calling it Traitor and you wonder why it's breakin on ya!   🤣 Just kidding,,,,,,,,,,, or am I  😁
In the richest country in human history, the US needs Universal Healthcare as a human right just like the rest of the developed 1st world countries! Vote Democrat!
Nam myoho renge kyo
I love you Girl 💙💙💙💙🙌🏾🤞🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾💯
Emilia, I just wanted to say THANK YOU!!!! I have been going through a mental and emotional catastrophe for almost 20 months. I considered doing the unthinkable on several occasions. It was thanks to you and your struggles that I didnt do the unthinkable.   Folks mental health is important. Use the links she provided if your having struggles that are above what you can handle. I was able to get the strength to overcome thanks to Emelia. I can only hope that anyone who reads this and is struggleing get the help they need!
So exactly how did Alex break your windshield?
I LOVE YOU ALL !! WE ARE ALL BAD ASSES IN THIS THING CALLED LIFE !  we can all be there for one another..  like it was for thousands of year's ! " WE THE PEOPLE "! WE NEED TO TAKE BAD OUR MENTAL HEALTH ...  HEY ! I'll give my number to anyone that wants to Talk ! I was dead and brought back.. It's along story y'all but I could share if need be...
Love ya girl , keep doing what you need to do .many thanks for everything you do for mental health , much love
Imagine if you died right now, where would your soul go for eternity?🌈🌈Was everything you ever did without purpose and never really mattered, or will you just stop existing after your heart beats for the last time? Think about this, it is the most important question of your life. There is only one chance to get it right, and it is in this lifetime. Do not be deceived, God is not mocked; for whatever a man sows, that he will also reap. Heaven is real, place of eternal bliss. Hell is real, place of eternal torment. You're gonna spend eternity in one of those places. God's will is, that nobody would perish. One day every single one of us has to stand before the Holy Righteous God to be judged, and to give an account how we have lived our life. The only way to get to Heaven is if you are without sin, and every single one of us has sinned. That is why God in His love and mercy sent His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, to atone for our sins. He left Heaven’s Throne, was God in flesh, conceived by the Holy Spirit, born of a virgin, lived a holy perfect sinless life, was condemned unjustly to death while being innocent, was beaten, mocked, flogged, and crucified on the cross, and gave up His life and Blood willingly on our behalf, for there is no forgiveness of sins without the shedding of blood, but Christ, the spotless and unblemished Lamb of God, the Perfect Sacrifice once and for all, died for us, so we may be forgiven of all our sins, and be redeemed back to God, after the fall in Paradise by satan's tempting, through the Holy Precious Blood, which Jesus shed on the middle cross at Calvary, in His everlasting love towards every single one of us.   If you truly repent and ask for forgiveness of your sins from Jesus Christ, and believe with all your heart, that Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God, was crucified, died on the cross, was buried, rose from the dead by God’s power on the third day according to the Scriptures, and by faith receive Him as your Lord and Savior, through the Royal Blood of Jesus Christ you will be saved, and are born again of the Holy Spirit. Every sin that weighs you down, even the ones you never dare to speak of, will be forgiven. Repent, believe, follow Christ, and you will spend eternity in Heaven with our Holy King, where is no more death, sorrow, pain nor crying.   John 3:16 BIBLE - For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son (Jesus Christ), that whoever believes in Him, shall not perish, but have everlasting life.   John 14:6 BIBLE - Jesus said unto him, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father (to Heaven) except through Me.“   Book of Acts 4:12 BIBLE - Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under Heaven given among men (only Jesus Christ), whereby we must be saved.   Romans 10:9-10 BIBLE - That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart, that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.   Romans 10:13 BIBLE - For whosoever shall call upon the name of the LORD (Jesus Christ), shall be saved.   Romans 8:1-2 BIBLE - Therefore, there is now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus (born again of the Holy Spirit), who walk not after the flesh, but after the (Holy) Spirit. For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death.   1 Timothy 2:5 BIBLE - For there is one God and one Mediator between God and men, the Man Christ Jesus.   Ephesians 2:8-9  BIBLE - For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.   Isaiah 1:18 BIBLE - Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.   John 10:10 BIBLE – (Jesus said:) “The thief (satan) cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.“   1 Peter 5:8 BIBLE - Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour.   Ephesians 6:12 BIBLE - For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.   The LORD bless you and keep you; The LORD make His face shine upon you, and be gracious to you; The LORD lift up His countenance upon you, and give you peace.   In Jesus Christ Holy and Mighty Name. Amen...WELCOME TO THE GOOD Message for your heart
If you keep doing pulls under that overpass, I think the city might come after you for structural damage. 😎
That's what I love about you not only are you an amazing person and a kick-ass driver but you care about people on a deeper level than most other YouTubers. Thank you for using your voice and your platform to speak for those whose voices can't be heard
I feel like shit every other day, but your video's always make me smile 🙂 Thanks Emelia, Sandy and Shawn. E-Crew rock 🤘
Stradman energy type i love Emelia
Emilia, your energy and enthusiasm is unparalleled.  Watching your videos is inspirational and educational, so I always get something out of them.  This one gave me even more to think about than usual.  I was very touched by what you had to say and it made me think about what we've gone through with our son as well.  You all will be in my thoughts.  Thank you for everything you do!
So much love and respect 🙏
Stay strong and well done what have done and been though keep going ❤️❤️❤️ Xx
I've been on a few 72hr holds. Wasn't my idea, really nice place called Community Bridges in Mesa Arizona USA. So if you ever find yourself in Mesa Arizona USA and have three days to kill (sic) look-em up 🚬💣👽💩🚲🎣🇺🇸                                             Colorado Springs Colorado USA says Shalom Y'all
As always, thx for sharing
i am very greatful that your on this earth u should be very proud of what u have acompleshed
Very good
Thank you Emelia. People like you talking about the struggles make it easier to live with my own struggles. Knowing you're not alone, and that lots of other people are just like you. Thank you. ❤️ I'm glad your friend is OK.
Rest in peace, I send my thoughts and prayers
god speed to you and your friend emelia
Sounds like you could use a week of no pressure driving in Robbinsville NC . There’s a pretty nice road there called tail of the dragon  I go there for mental health days . Just me a car and some twisties in the mountains . Maybe bring a GoPro .
love you Emelia!
Thanks for the honesty wish I could double the like. Talking about this continues to remove the stigma around mental health!
Good for you. A lot of people are going through a tough time. Losing frends to depression and covid.  Keep up the fight.  We as hot rodders have a fight on our hands.   Love you and what your team does.
OMG the sticker on the wing!  Devalued the car $50k
You're a freaking legend!!
I know personally how it is about mentally healthy. I been on that dark side and is cost so much strange and motivation to come out off the dark place.  And I hope your brother will get all the help he needs.
Good on you for being there for your friend! I know that can be tough. Time off for oneself is goot.
Man I love that colour on the Ferrari
That 🍑!😳
The commercial shoot for Motul at Irwindale was awesome, but on the other side, thanks Emelia for being very candid about your friend's situation and coping with everything it entails. The work you are doing to bring mental health awareness to the surface is so awesome and very grounding I'm sure. You are a true champion. God bless you Ms.Emelia.
And it's never 72hrs been there myself they've only kept me for at most 24-26hrs been on suicide watch multiple in the past 4 years.
I worked in Healthcare for nearly 15 years . It doesn't take long to realize if your insurance runs out the hospital will boot you out while your pants are down . If they can stick the costs to the government you get to stay ( to do more worthless test ) . You wouldn't believe the crap I've seen . I hope your friend gets some help ....God bless him . And you...look beyond this world...sit quietly once in a while and enjoy some peace . Your mind does not need stimulation 24 hrs. a day .  PK
Good job Youngling . Bringing Mental health to Light. ✌🏽✌🏽✌🏽
Glad to hear everyone is ok, thanks for speaking and sharing of mental health
i'm in my mid 30's i'm in remission for my brain cancer it was in the frontal lobe they removed it twice and i've got huntingtons chorea which means it's slowly killing my brain they can't do a thing about it so why wake up i don't get it i have no gf no one will talk to me my mom works basically works all the time and i'm stuck at home so why wake up
This pisses me off! The real people that are on the verge or literally miserable with no options or opportunitys are watching u monetize mental health while sittin in front of a ferrari! And you struggle??? Sure u do. Im sorry for your friend. But i have to find a small reason everyday not to end it all. And then i get on youtube my one escape and listen to this shit. Its all about money and if i had some id show u helping the addicted and mentally broken. But no the real people like me the fighters and the real life rejects dont get any help or chances. Do we…
Respect for speaking truth on your channel.
Stay strong! Motor on! I'm glad everyone is okay at the moment. Keep your friends close! I work for the VA and 988 is a huge change for us and it's for the better.
The comp cam guy sucks at custom cams ask Pete Aardema he knows a thing or two about custom engines and even states the cam profile engineer sucks at comp cams but hey a sponsor is a sponsor right an work with what u got until u don't got it lol ask Pete to do ur cams and go BILLETT IF U DONT LISTEN ur motor will listen sooner or later or tax write off it with views an sponsor money either way cmon do it RIGHT AN LISTEN TO A FAN:)
Great on you for seeking help when you needed it! We love you, God loves you, take care of yourself and others. We apprrciate you!
Keep up the great work! What your doing for mental health will definitely help some out there. This country needs it so much.
For Australians if your struggling and need to talk to someone. Life line is there for you 13 11 14      24 hours 7 days a week
Sorry to hear about your friend. That Ferrari sounds awesome! I can't wait to see the commercial on TV, congrats! Watch out for that Mexican food, don't drink the water.
I battle bi polar disorder and have been pushed to the limits so many times I came close to taking my own life on my 18th birthday and on August 4th 2013 I found my grandfather after he put a .357 in his mouth his case was not due to mental health issues more of old age and beginning of detreating health and not wanting to go through what he saw his wife go through till she died. But finding him with his mutilated head was one of the hardest things in my life but Ive been on medication for half my life and have a doctor who I see every three months thank you for being open and bringing notice to mental health!
You're an inspiration Emelia ..like evry thing you do. Mvh Peter from Sweden☺
God bless you for speaking out and sharing. The best advice I can give is to say reach out to God not only when things are good but when they are terrible too.
🤗
Wishing you the best! New subscriber from Scotland, great to see you raising awareness of mental health, what some of us go through and keep it bottled up. If I can I'll buy a hoodie (RTLife) next time if I'm quick.
The Lord is the Healer, he is gracious, he’s is compassionate to all who diligently seek him, he is the comforter, most of all he is Love, so put all of your burdens at his feet and he will give you rest and the peace your soul desires. 🙏🏻
Thank you for keeping it real in regards to mental health. As someone struggling with it for the last 20 years (half of my life!) It's nice to see someone not treat it like it's nothing.  Cheers and I hope your friend knows they deserve life.
I am glad that you are o.k. now.
Prayers sent to everyone that ever felt alone
Not gonna lie, the transition in this video from Emelia being her usual joyful happy self to sitting down and being straight honest with us talking about mental health hit hard. Thank you for constantly bringing awareness to mental health, its something that everyone should be able to discuss openly and freely.
Seems that very few people think about the negative effects of the C19 policies. Sorry to hear about your friend.
I'm so sorry you had to deal with that and I'm so glad your friend is OK. I deal with depression on a daily basis so I know what it's like. I'm past the thought of acting on anything but somedays I sleep only 2 hours and for others, I sleep 14+ hours cause it is too much to get out of bed (I'm glad I work from home on those days). I was worried about you while you were gone but that commercial looked amazing.  Take care!
Just go back to AVG and ask Gutter Snake to warranty the tire repair.
Thank you for that video it helped me a lot today with funny stuff and real talk
Sliding this amazing looking nitrous powered beast is just awesome. So badass.
Loved the video and Emilia we are here for you and your friends and family that touched my heart because I have been going thru hard times my self in past year and been trying to keep the demons at bay and thanks for sharing. It's important to get the help and not stuggle goes to anyone that is just get get help your not alone.
Are you actually running mogul in the 458?
Thank you for sharing all your emotions and all your great content!!!
Thank you for sharing and inspiring those who need help to get the help they need.
why I stopped posting.... Best video.  I support your video. Watched the video on Watched the video on Aug 08, 2022 very like .Thank you  so much
Emelia, thank you.... We lost our nephew a few years ago to a successful attempt. We all wish we could go back and let him know how much we love him and how much good he could bring to this world. It really opened our eyes to how much we can let everyone we know daily now too. Thank you over and over for spreading the word and your stories of friends, family, and your own personal journey. Spreading the 988 hotline number is so important. The only reason I knew of it is because I'm in charge of programming our phone system at work so that 988 would dial out of our phone system. I just can't believe how unknown 988 is! It needs to be pushed! Thank you for helping so many!!! Love your videos, and looking forward to more C8 content. With love.
Mental health is health, I work at the City Mission in Schenectady N.Y. and I know from experience that we can not deal with any issues that a person may have (self included) unless we 1st deal with the root of why the individual is in this place within their mind. And that has to start with finding the root of the problem.  We have stand together to be better so we can help one another fix our broken hearts and minds and heal the pain that brought us to this state. Thanks for sharing, God bless you and keep you and may you be shown favor and prosper...
These honest videos just like the podcast are eye opening and helps so much for what was shunned and hidden for way too long! They definitely have saved more !
You are so beautiful love all your videos and content much love from Louisiana
Such strength to speak about what is happening in her private life and using that to help more people. Emila I wish you well and sending strength to you and your family and friends at this hard time. ❤️
Yer girl cleans up good.
👐
Keep calm and carry on.
*I'm excited for you and I am Glad that you're taking the time to do what you need to do to get right with you, whether you stop posting on here or not I'm Glad your friend is ok and that you dropped EVERYTHING to help that friend and if THAT'S not what friends are for then what is? I'm with ya till the end of the Line Emelia, I've been a fan and will continue to be*
This is why I love this channel. The fun and enthusiasm that is in a lot of the content, can only be real when the bad things in life also have a place. Thanks for keeping it real.
Love Tire burners.
Keep crushin it M!
You really are an inspiration Emilia!  I am sorry you had a rough couple weeks, its important to take time for yourself as well as friends and family.  Keep up the good work!  Thank you!
@4:33 Red SK S34 camera - a $18K camera. Oh, I can hear you salivating all the way from here @emeliaHartford Also, thanks for all you do to push awareness for mental health - and I sincerely hope your friend is ok. Can't believe they don't have any beds in the psych section because of C19....
Thank you Emilia 💖 I need MH help & I can't find it! I'll be alright though 😺
Thank you for your story. I lost my mother 10 years ago to Alzheimer's. Then 7 years ago my wife was diagnosed with combination dementia with Alzheimer's. I retired last year so that I could become her full-time care giver, but I have learned that I can't do it alone. Thankfully our daughter was able to locate an agency here in Indy that has been great at guiding us through. We are in the process now of getting a home health aid to come in 4 hours a day 3 days a week to off load some of the effort from me. I am so thankful that there are agencies out there that can help, you just need to seek them out.
GIRL YOUR ABSOLUTELY AMAZING KEEP DOING EVERYTHING YOUR DOING THE WORLDS YOUR!!!! Love the videos!!!
It’s a damn shame that our health care system is so difficult and can be so careless. Stay strong Emelia, we love you!!!
I'm glad you're well enough to talk about it, you're a good person!
You MUST do an interview with Steven Crowder. No question... if you care about mental health.
Everyone should develop a relationship with a quality therapist. After a 30 year break, I called mine and he was able to help me pivot in just a few calls. Keep doing what you're doing Emelia!
We love you Emelia thanks for what your doing
Pretty woman, great driver, beautiful soul! I am going to enjoy your success I know passion and determination and you have it ! Kudos from MD !
Sending prayers and hugs to all of your family and friends so sorry for your lost
Swear she like a female version of the stradman..
Hey I am very sorry to here about your friend. Take all the time you need. I do miss your videos but you and your family are more important then YouTube. Thank you for what you do to bring awareness.
I think I'm in love with you beautiful 😍
Uni?🐕 Has gotten soo big🤗 Edit... #returntolife . Thanks for all you do👏
Your a true inspiration Emelia
Tha is your sharing what has been going on In your life Emelia and prayers to you and your family
I'm glad that your friend/brother is still here. I've had two brother in law's who didn't give any warning signs and well...they completed, a few months later my best friend growing up did the same. They were all diagnosed with borderline personality disorder plus variations, I've been diagnosed with some of the same things. Sometimes I wonder why I'm still here and they're not....
DAM GIRL - you brush up good
When your fridge gets broken, you call a technician. When you pooped too much you call the plumber. You see the dentist to get your teeth looked after. So why not use an expert for your mental health? It makes so much sense, yet it is so badly organized. I truly hope your friend gets the attention he needs. In the moment it appears to be only darkness, but trust the process, because there will be light. Maybe a visit to another continent will help. There are good clinics in south africa. Bless you all. Lots of love from a survivor
Convid is NOT causing a shortage of beds! Please be honest if you want genuine illnesses and health issues taken seriously, as if you keep pandering to this narrative, more people will suffer from medical negligence while they continue to use this absurdity to limit access to healthcare.
when i heard that the hotline number was changed to 988 i was so happy because it is going to make it so much easier for people to find someone to just listen to them. i dont even know what the number before was but now its so easy to remember. im glad your friend is ok and im glad youre doing ok. im also glad the channel isnt going anywhere and im excited to see whats next!
She is at the Vehical Virgin meltdown stage in her Dewey Cox storyline.
God bless you. Thanks for opening up and setting such a remarkably human example  of love and kindness.
we are all here for each other on this channel :)
I'll be honest I was expecting a Ferrari crash. Which would be the reason for not posting.
❤
Am I the only one laughing at the end... Its tiny huh, thats what she said.... Lol
It is my experience that if you are trying to kill yourself you do. If you are screaming for help you attempt and fail.
The youtube channel the fans and popularity is why there is commercial and the other stuff
Well done that was some brilliant driving
The problem is selfishness.  This causes people to think things aren't working the way they planned so they want to end it.  There is help, but it does require a change of heart and recognizing there is a God that cares.
Thank You
Everyone wears a “mask.”  Thank you for publicizing this issue.
Thanks for sharing such a personal story, E.  Thanks for not giving up.
i feel like woman always have an outlet or a avenue to find help. with men though, I can assure you that nobody cares.
Trash
A fellow YouTuber that does a lot with The Stradman lost his mother to mental health. I won’t mention names but mental health and you are correct, mental health is a huge issue and I love what you to keep awareness on mental health. Love you and your channel.
I understand entirely.  My father died by suicide and refused to get help in the time leading up to that.   I know the absolute torture, torment, and pure hell it is to deal with someone who refuses to get help.   Thank you for sharing your story and helping to remove the stigma from mental health discussions.   Take care of you and it will get better.
Keep using your platform to make people aware. My friend was campaigning for the Senate on the mental health in our county. It affects everyone and the signs vary. Hopefully more education will be brought about to educate everyone.
Word, Emilia! Keep up the awesome work - on and off the camera and especially advocating for mental health.
I have lost five family/extended family members to mental health. Its really rough. It means so much that you bring this issue to light, because far too many want to pretend that its not real, or they shun people with the issue. And thank you for taking care of yourself too.
I lost three good men in my family, two uncles and one cousin, to suicide.  They were great guys and I miss them.  Until we meet again.....❤❤❤
Emilia you rock. Thanks for all the cool stuff you do. I am 69 and wish I could have done some of the stuff you do. Have a great day.
Just gonna say, I get it , I understand it and thank you for talking about it! ❣❣
We love you Emelia
Mental health indeed is extremely important, I go to therapy once a week for the past 5 years? and is been great. Some people need therapy more than others, others need medicine too... we are really complicated and many humans laugh about this, is not funny. We loss too many good people in the world to mental health issues. Happy to hear you talking about this and helping.
is that alex his lambo in the background at agx?
One of the reasons I love your channel Is the mental health. I am Bipolar 2, and after 22 years battling suicide, I am still here because of the encouragement of others helping me.  I am 56 and when I watch you I kind of feel like a dad watching you grow up. I have been watching you for about 3 years, and I am not going anywhere without you.
Girl you killed it…
I am 7 years sober I committed suicide twice. I had no help or money. I got into a free facility stayed there for 3 months then did a halfway house for a year. I battle depression too. I lost my dad when I was 13. Now I have a 5 year old life is so beautiful. I am a sponsor and have a sponsor. I go to meetings everyday.
I had a great Dr.  Dr, Lewis Pincus has since passed away from Leukemia but his approach was called Too Life...Mind, Body, Spirit....It was awesome !!!!!!!!!!!
I hope your friend is ok. Hearing that mad me tear up. The s might sound crazy but thank you for taking time off to take care of yourself mentally.
Glad to see you back at it again
As a veteran of life and the military, I know how it feels when someone you know and care about tries to end it. Well, I don't want to go to anymore funerals. But this damned virus and they way our government handled it did a HUGE disservice to everyone mental health wise. And it just isn't getting better yet. SO we must soldier on a really go out of our way to help each other and be there to listen or ask the hard questions. Go with them to the Dr, follow up, spend time, and show you care.  In the end, we only have each other so make it count each day.
Hey Emilia just wanted to say we all love you and care about you and all your families and I honestly don't do this my prayers to all you guys and hope your brother can get the help he needs to get better and feel better I have mental health issues myself and I Kno how hard these times can be and find it irresponsible for YouTube to demonetize or even delete videos of YouTubers even mentioning COVID-19 when it also contributes to people's mental health issues along with social media becoming worse as it has with mine so my prayers are out to you guys and your families both close and extended
❤️❤️
Why the hell am I getting ads for treatments for CHILDREN to "change" their gender on this channel? That crap has no place here or anywhere, that garbage is designed to destabilize children, society, and the thoughts of everyone else. YOU CAN NOT CHANGE YOU GENDER YOU ARE MALE OR FEMALE POINT BLANK PEROID.
We are right here, you need time off take time off, we'll wait. As long as we know you are okay.  I know struggles with mental health well I'm glad there are people out there speaking out.
From all of the ECrew we love you Emila  know that if you need time take it we will always be here for you. We love your style and passion for cars and your friends.
Thank you on behalf of a Bipolar, General Anxiety Disorder, PTSD sufferer. You're amazingly compassionate, strong, and resilient. Be well.
Thank you emelia for all your efforts to promote mental health here in new Zealand  there are 2 well known  people , former all black rugby player sir John Kirwan  and comedian Mike  king who have both been doing great work in the mental health field.  Mental health has become a huge issue  world wide.
God bless you you are about the most amazing woman that I have ever seen in my life total love for you for who you are you are amazing your compassion is unprecedented thank you for the videos thank you for being you great big hug for you
Thanks for sharing hope the best for your friend
It’s OK to be not OK 👍🏽 👌🏽
*Memorize 988 for yourself and others*.  "Professional driver, closed course"! Thanks for bringing us along. You have a great way of presenting the vlog, really makes us feel like we know you, get to share in your victorious. I'm sure it's a double edged sword, but I appreciate it. Hopefully we can share in your struggles too to some degree.
As someone who struggles with severe depression and loneliness for decades:  *Thank you* Emelia for being so open and honest about this illness. You are doing something very important !
I'm not sorry cause you've already heard it more than enough.   I lost my father and brother within 8 months of each other. I understand. I hope you heal. It's not easy. Why?  Is not the answer.
great video stay safe and she told me the opposite lol
Show the dyno pulls! 1600whp or bust!!!!!!
Thank you
That race fuel was probably oxygenated. Good thing those Ferrari engines are strong and armed with electronic safety strategys.  On an other note, if you don't expect too much, you can't be disappointed.
Never forget to take as much time for your own mental health as you need - we understand that with all the added pressures of an exponentially expanding brand that increasing content for the masses isn’t as easy as it used to be - cheers
We love what you do. Way to take time
sorry about your lost your not alone at least your social im hardly ever seen
Happy belated birthday  emilia
Emelia I pray that you and your friend will come to Jesus Christ! When I hit rock bottom Jesus Christ led me to His truth and gave me life! I now love life and He gave me purpose!
Emelia don't ever stop what you are doing for mental health. Our healthcare system needs a lot of attention focused on it especially the mental health part of it.
WAIT, WHAT?  Where the hell has Guttersnake been hiding out?   Happy you are doing well now Emilia.
You are an angel!! Coming from the military side, lots of brothers and sisters go thru mental health issues. Our government bureaucrats only care about filling up their own personal bank accounts at the expense of those that had sacrificed everything for this country. If it wasn’t for them, we would not be called the USA!!
I’ve seen those suction cups damage glass and CF before. Be careful with those!
A carnivore diet saved me...40 years of depression gone in 30 days...6 months later no thoughts of suicide and a positive attitude that I never thought possible! Thanks for bringing awareness to mental health!
I wish him well and I hope you're okay too!! And love the 458!!
Why would you stop making videos you would go broke and work in McDonald's.  You're expression was so fake and forced.  You're happy for every single one of us ? We make no money and you do. You seem selfish and self centered.   I really dislike how fake you came across.
big respect to not only show the fun part of your life .
I run our police department’s mental health unit to help first responders. I’ve been involved with helping other cops since 2015. The stigma is huge and breaking through that barrier is very difficult. Thank you for what you do and the positive influence you have on others. I’ve watched you since the beginning. Be safe! -Sgt Aiton
Sad to hear this is such an issue, but glad you are bringing more awareness. On another note. what ever happened with the Lamborghini racing team you were joining?
You have grown a lot over the last few years. You are much stronger now and it is visible. Keep up the grind and stay positive. You got this girl!
thnx for sharing this information wish you and your family and friends only happiness and health keep up the good work ☺️
I'm sorry for your loss mam. Bless your heart. The results of that shoot aught to be spectacular. Thank you mam. We all love the show.
Time off for yourself is well deserved.  You are you first priority.  Your cars are just the icing on the cake :) Keep doing what you are doing.  You are an inspiration to many here in YouTube world.
Pushing the vette
I’m not sure if you realize this but your videos on your channel helps a lot of people already. Just as an example I could be having a really bad day and I’ll click on YouTube and I’ll see a new post from your channel and click on it after a few minutes whatever was bothering me prior just completely forgot about or doesn’t matter anymore. So from that perspective you are helping mentally you just don’t even realize it so please don’t slow down on the videos or not post anything. You started something amazing please continue
❤️
I was part of a fundraiser last month to ride 250 miles on a bike for USAA Stop Soldier Suicide. I have struggled with depression since I was a teen. Been many times that I just didn't want to be here anymore. I was home when my dad killed my mother shot her fiance and then ended his own life before I could do it for him. I was 14 when that happened back in 94. I know what its like to struggle day to day and just pretend everything is fine. The only reason I'm still hear is because of my kids and wife. My pain would stop but then the ones I love the most would be in pain. I would rather suffer than make them suffer. Its been great watching you grow Emilia over the past few years. Been following since you was hanging with DDE. Not sure how long its been but its been a while.
Those sunglasses give me Leti vibes.   Also, your mental health and family always come first.  Ecrew we out here!
Hey girl thanks for sharing what's been going on in your personal life a much appreciate that I wish you and your family the best
Thank you so much.  Thank you for sharing your life.  Mental Health is something that plays a big part in my life, not only in myself, but also through the loss of multiple close friends.  Keep being awesome ma'am!
Love your honesty Emelia … you have so much power and influence, stay strong for you and us… we need you but only when you are ready 👍👌
Emelia i send you good energy i know how it feels to start feeling the pull of  metal health you are a light i look to when i don't feel right i thank you for carrying on and being inspirational
I'm glad you took the break and got help. Thank you for sharing and being an ambassador for mental health. It's an issue that hits everyone. There are those loved ones lost to it and those who hide pain through smiles and jokes. I have no doubt that you have helped so many with your message and fundraising. #withlove
We stand with you. Stay strong, keep your head up.
Emelia, #richardhammond loves tunnels too!
New more dog content. Thanks.
E" you are the best and I thank you for your support of mental health issues and respect you for your we will call it service to help bring it to light. I personally have never had a mental health issue or depression so deep I couldn't see my way out Thank God. I was in a dark place for awhile after my wife passed away at a young age (37) unexpectedly, but found solice in my church family and my best friend. Now my family we have had some close calls and one that was not the depression no one knew about from a what everyone thought was a happy go lucky young man  never showed that anything was wrong was so depressed and distraught end up in a double murder/suicide. As you might guess it was a love triangle the family was unaware of including his brothers and they were very close. This unspeakable act brought it to light in my family and have open our eyes for anyone going through issues and get them help. I appluade your efforts in this area, I've been with you here from day one as an origial E crew member. Anything you need from me I'm there for you. I'm so thankful your ok and even more thankful things are better for your friend!
Be strong we here for you and love you xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
✝️🙏  stay strong to anyone struggling.  NEVER GIVE UP
With everything going on in the world. We are all fighting battles in different ways. Stay strong and I love what you do!
btw she's being dramatic for just some bullsh*t and get views
What you don't trust Cletus McFarland oh my goodness do it for Dale
I'm in the uk I'm disable coz I've lost my leg an I've tried to end my life 2-3 times ive also been left with PTSD
It's OK to not be OK !!!! I'm 42 I've never been OK,,,, my childhood was fucked , mental hospitals for kids and tons of meds , my 20s spent in prison , got a fresh start at 30 ... now I'm 42 with a wife and kids ,,, I'll never be OK... but I'm strong so I'm good ... meds are not the answer, acceptance is key to survival,
Hi Emelia. You are so loved by your fans but above all well respected. You are doing great. Thank you for all the awesome content. It might feel like it is not going anywhere BUT it is. Just remember it is about consistency..... You have a consistent viewer membership base that watches your postings weekly or when you do post! We are here for you!
Ferrari color looks awesome
Because your a sell out foh with the BS 🤣 I haven’t even seen the vlog yet and I know shes gonna pull the mental health BS lol. Y’all little kids are milking the crap outta that term. Reality is you made some good cash for yourself and now your “acting”. Your dreams to become a actor remember ?! You can careless about you tube and i don’t blame you lol. Do you girl but keep it real 🤦🏽‍♂️ You ain’t gotta lie to kick it. You’ll be back is not like your “acting” is gonna be enough to a make living. You’ll be back really acting on You tube again as your car girl / mechanic character ( with a team of mechanic men behind the scenes 🤷🏽‍♂️lmao) Anyway E crew we out here Biiiiiiii 😭😭😭
My aunt lost her mental health battle on Friday the 5th of august 2022, she leaves behind her husband and her 14 year old son and 6 year old daughter, watching the end of your video was not easy for me, thank you for promoting awareness on this difficult subject
Looking after yourself and those close is so important. Lost a good mate 20+ yr ago due to an accident 4 of us had yrs b4, leaving us all with problems. We've all had to have each others backs as we all suffer and even then we missed the....well something.  I just glad it is started to get to a stage where it is acceptable to talk about Mental Health problems, even though there are those who like to make fun and comments as if it's nothing. Spent the last week myself watching out for my partner, due to a meeting that went badly wrong and the fall out, so that's the someone I'll be looking out for right now.
Always loved your content but today went to a new level of appreciation and respect for your sincerity. Thank you from one heart to another. Deep respect and looking forward to what's coming. Stick with it. You're amazing. Love it
It starts at 9:43 from what the title says...
Thank you for bringing this message to the forefront. Bad Mental Health is something that if you’ve never dealt with, yourself, or a close family member, you just don’t understand it. It’s not something you just get over, it’s a struggle. For some a lifelong struggle. Stay strong 💪🏼 and we wish the best for your friend! ✌️
such a great video with a deep meaning! keep up the good work Emelia Big support from Belgium!
My son is going thru this all his life.  30 years.  He can’t have a relationship or job that’s how bad it is.  Sometimes I think it’s so hard on the people that support him, myself it’s so hard to ignore his outburst but I love him to the end. It’s so hard believe me.
I'm rich
Hugs for you through this tough time, I hope your brother gets the help he needs and everyone gets help with their mental state at difficult times in life. Aside from that, what’s the deal with Cash Money being in the garage next to the Ferrari? Is there some 240vert action headed our way?
Red Digital is my customer! I sell them parts to make their cameras.
With all the cool stuff Emelia does and the cars, I tend to forget how down-to-Earth she really is. Is really touching to be reminded of the fact that not only the one suffering from mental illness is affected but the caring people around, and certainly they are not alone in this fight.
You are so inspiring and so real and I can’t thank you enough for being you!
love u girl ur one amazing persom and ur videos helps me so much and ur a inspiration and im just so thankful xx
Awesome!🤑
Oof... I lost a friend, co-worker and roommate to suicide, and lost my dad to a drug overdose in a VA hospital a decade ago... I feel your pain. Mental health always comes first! <3
Being there for someone in your life that is going through some shit is a standard that needs to be rewritten. Opening up to someone is also another standard that needs to be rewritten. I've seen more than a few people I grew up with take their own life's and never shared about what they were going through and know so many people would've been there for them.
Thank you for sharing the journey of the last two weeks. I have both lost people to mental health, been the benefactor of good mental health care and been the one to walk with another through the (sometimes broken) health care system as they confronted their own mental health. .
@EmeliaHartford, I jus wanna say that no matter what you do, we as your fans/supporters is always gone support your decision on what the future brings! We love you, and we will always support no matter what!❤
1) Love seeing you get out there and doing awesome stuff! Can't wait to see the finished results. 2) Thank you for the reminder.  I got help a month ago, when my gf of 5 years went back into the hospital for the 3rd time do to cirrhosis.  I had a mental breakdown and was drowning myself with booze.  I'm happy to say it's been 5 weeks since I've stopped drinking, medication from the doctor helped as well, and have been visiting a therapist which has been a game changer. Even with all the right moves in the correct direction... I lost my gf this past Thursday.  I was on my way to see her.  It hit me hard, but the therapy and the support of friends has helped me stay strong during these difficult times. Don't be ashamed to ask for help.  We all need to lean on someone at times, instead of being the person that's always being leaned on.
Thank you for your transparency and candor. Much respect and one of the big reasons I follow you. 🙏
Last year my 72 yo father and my best friend decided to take his life.  The pain is indescribable and will never end. I am so sorry you have and again are dealing with this devastating situation.
Very glad to hear you and your friend are ok.  Thank you for having the courage to bare your soul and your life explaining the importance of mental health.  I too have suffered since my time in the military and I have several times shared the realities of living with mental health issues.  I have seen dark times where the easy way out seemed alluring but loved ones always reminded me I was not alone and pulled me from that ledge.  Continue your wonderful work and enjoy this crazy ride you are on, you have earned it.  And let's shout on any platform we can, 988 is there for you.
I love your videos keep up the great work
Great message and you’re making a difference ❤️
This is so awesome. I remember somee of the first videos years ago.   And thank you again for the awareness.
As a guy that lost a nephew that was the smartest and most charming 16 year old ever, it's the people you least expect that need help also. Don't over look the ones that seem like there doing great in life to you. Most times people will live a dubble life when dealing with a horrible situation that brings them to this point. Don't be afraid to ask a person twice if they need help. Sometimes even then they will say no, and that's normally the ones that need the help the most with mental health. As a guy that rarely will ask for help, I know it feels good when someone insist they do something nice for those people. It just may save there life. Stay healthy and happy my humble fam!family! Edit, I love you 😍❤💗💕💓♥😍❤
Million sub dash......
I’ll be praying for you 🙏🙏I’m so sorry for your loss. Hope you’re ok love. ❤️❤️uu
This is why I hate political corruption. Flogging a fake virus, using it for the excuse for every manor of incompetence.
Huge respect to you Emelia for walking the talk as you always do 🙏🏾 I fully understand what it's like to help a friend and family member going through difficult times and have no control over being able to help them the way we won't to. It's heart breaking and hard to see them go through stuff like that it makes you feel helpless. If anything Emelia always remember (Family first) everything else can get in line. YouTube isn't going anywhere. And going away on holiday was the best thing you could do for a recharge. You don't have to explain yourself for looking out for your own health. Keep being epic. We love you always full send queen! E Crew we out here with love. 🙏🏾
all the best to you and your friend! stay healthy!! peace :) love
Emelia you are a great person and an inspiration to so many young people we love you hugs from the UK
We've got your back. Do everything you need to do for yourself first. We'll always be here waiting for you. God bless you and your people.
Yes I know, click here and join that
Lots of love from Scotland xx
You have this... Then you have Stradman just hanging out the window / truckbed to get the shot  Both look nice!!
Hey fam. I am truly sorry about your friend. I too have lost people to mental health. I recently started trying to do 24 hour lives on tiktok to try raise funds and awareness. My question to you is how can we, as the audience, go about helping and supporting your mental health campaign?
Sending love from Finland. I know what mental issues are. I had to get some medication after my heart operation  last year. I thought I'm strong, but not enough.
Freaking awesome, being able to just send it 🔥🔥🫡🫡💪🏿💪🏿.
This girl is hot, and knowledgeable about cars. Awesome combination!
Thank you for what you’re doing for mental health.
Wow 🤩 also you are so beautiful and got and love your beautiful smile
Emelia i lost my son to suicide about three years ago. He was in the Army and came home like a shell of my real son. I tried so hard to help him with his mental demons/ battle. You are loved Emelia and mean a lot to tons of us fans. Your beautiful and kind spirt shines on YouTube. Much love from Texas.
Ive almost "lost" myself. That being said I am grateful that mental health is being taken more seriously these days. I have a lot of friends who are military and first responders and that community is hurting pretty bad. Keep up the good work Lady
Hey Emelia, big hugs to you because carers need care too. Massive respect to you for bringing this vitally important issue to the fore. Without good mental health all of us struggle, it needs to be destigmatised so people can talk about it freely and not feel trapped. Keep doing what you're doing, you're an inspiration. God bless.
you woke up with flat but my tire exploded on the freeway lmao i was riding in the back of the tow truck kuz the driver was scared of covid and didnt want me in the front come on man lol
if you need to take a couple of weeks off, take them, we will understand and support your decision.
I've been through the mental health battles with my family for the last 30years and it's great to spread awareness and stop the stigma around it thanks for doing what you do ❤️
Very sorry you went through that. I know life can kick people in the a$$ sometimes and we don't know where to turn. A big part of the reason I'm a fan is because you do talk about it and you offer places for people to seek help.  SOO!!!! glad you are back! I missed your laugh and smile. Looking forward to everything you have in the works!
I am at 02:04. Last post i noticed : A very high pitched voice.  A adhd?  You took a brake recently. Time to take a longer one? Please: big brother is watching you! Even if you blurr the cluster they see and hear whats going on.
Be blessed young lady, for me and my faith and people like your self have made life better. Keep speaking for the ones that can’t.
Thank You for being so open about your metal health, I wish the best for You, your Family and your Friends!
You're an inspiration Emelia. You should be so incredibly proud of yourself. I'm sorry about your brother, I wish him well, and I hope you're okay too. it's not a very big tradeoff on your end, but every one of your videos makes me smile, laugh, and my creativity seems reignited. Which I can only imagine is the same experience for so many others. I just wanted to thank you for every ounce of effort you've poured into the E-Crew, its unquantifiable to know how many lives you've changed for the better by using this platform to share your dreams, while speaking towards improving mental health for the masses. You're a pioneer Emelia, thanks for everything you do, you're making the world a better place every day you're on it. Until next time, Byeee.
I see some manic bi-polar is the solution ultimately for everything!  Pensez-y une minute ou un long moment… l'esprit de l'escalier à travers les vieux yeux? Vous ne pouvez jamais être une francophonie même si votre français est parfait... Vous ne comprendrez ni n'accepterez jamais le fonctionnement du système de la Francophonie… Vous ne pouvez et ne vous adapterez jamais vraiment à l'espace francophone de la culture française… Bien que vous puissiez être poliment accepté... Comme Van Gogh qui prend un congé ... en vérifiant dans un établissement psychiatrique ... oui c'est exactement ça... .  Verset chanté de sang partagé! Voilà... ça va, compris?😊 Got to go look at a new bike…. ! This one … https://youtu.be/wbZw9cZw_4k or That one … https://youtu.be/UMkrH6LkYjs must be this one then https://youtu.be/Sq9Iei6e5Fk Come on Doodle I need to see sliding slipping wheelies and stoppies along withe some turnies thrown in or out!
Sorry to hear about your friend and your dad Mental Health is hard I lost my first cousin to suicide. Praying for better days
Sorry to hear about your friend but I’m glad to hear your keeping your cause alive by talking about it.  Keep pushing the topic to save that one life.  Just need to save one.
Was great seeing the guys at AGX again and another great vid.
FFS our health care system SUCKS. The US health system doesn't even make it into the top 10 in the developed world. Love you Emelia. We're all here for you and with you.
that car looks sick drifting
You have a drivers license.no but I have a boba card -Alex Choi 2022
✌️🐝➕
Omg you are so beautiful 💙
Keep up the good work Emelia.
Congrats Emelia!
Personally, I have never had any mental health issues, but part of my professional career was dealing with teens with mental health issues. I appreciate every thing to say about mental health and increasing my understanding. Thank you.
Just out of hair and makeup ... Wow
God bless you Emelia, condolences on the loss of your father, what a great job you're doing sharing about mental health. Stay focused and keep crushing it! Glad you're ok.
im sorry my friend and we love you guys
Im so sorry for your loss, I also have first hand experience with mental health issues as I have and do deal with depression every day and for me it’s people like you that help me through things as I’m a gear head with oil pumping through my veins and cars always help me get my mind off things. If anyone that is reading this needs help please get the help you need. Thanks again for your content, I really appreciate it. Have a great day.
Emilia, thanks for sharing that personal story with us. It must have been hard, but I'm glad you & your friend got through it. We all need to lean on each other these days. My thoughts & prayers go out to you and anyone else struggling with mental health issues. Remember, you are never alone and there are alot of people to help you get where your happy place is.  Thanks again Emilia for bringing light to this issue. Love your channel, love the content, love you!!!
i wish all the best to your good friend, healthcare in the US sucks balls, it has nothing to do with freedom
After I lost my mom 2 years ago to the thing we don't name(rhymes with shmovid) it took the love of family and friends to pull me out of a deep downward spiral.thank you emelia for shining light on this subject as most are scared too.i still hit days that are rough luckily I have support,and this crazy content to keep me smiling.we love you and are here for you.take the mental health breaks you need and we will always be here for you like you are for us.
Happy belated birthday. We both share the 29th. Thank you for all your mental health awareness work . Love the new eye makeup.  1 million subs here we come.  Any chance of getting an MCU gig?
❤️
Best wishes to you and your friend,  I enjoyed seeing you at Bob's last Friday night. Take care
Nobody really cares if you post or not!
100% with you! I’ve had so many dark times in my life. Some of them were during rough periods in my life. Some were when things were going well on the outside. Those are the hardest. When it doesn’t make sense to me that I’m down. Thanks for talking about this!
I understand what your friend is going through. I deal with mental health issues as well. I haven't tried to hurt myself but the thoughts have been there occasionally. I actually try to help people with mental health issues which actually helps me with mine
thank you for talking about this. I myself have attempted 3 times. I'm at a point in life where I only have 1 friend to lean on for help. my family is basically non existent.  the last time I attempted was Christmas of 2020. I found out id be alone because my mom was too busy with her new husband. and to top it off it was the anniversary of the death of my father. the unfortunate thing is I can not afford to get help from a professional so I can only take things a day at a time
Miss. E thank you for sharing what was going on with you and I would encourage you to keep taken the time  to make sure your good. We would not have the great content from you if your not in a good space. We as a community have been riding with you from the beginning and will continue to do so. We or should I say I love you and always want to see that beautiful face, that beautiful smile and that laugh of yours because you are having fun with life.  Ecewweareoutherewithlove always ma.
As a person who was afraid to seek help. It was because of stigmatism ! what others would think ! Your self value far out ways other opinions DON'T CONSIDER THEM YOU COUNT MORE!!!!¡🤪😂🤳WITH LOVE WE OUT👋
Hey  we  LOVE YOU & ALWAYS  SUPPORT YOU!!!! If you need some help we will be there.
I sadly lost my best friend last week to mental health he was 39 and was so so happy in the outside 😢 what no one knew  he was fighting his own battles 😢 he will be truly missed by his 4 young children ,girlfriend an myself rip brother until we meet again
Now I understand your letters that say on your car , return to life……❤️
Emelia, you are the bomb, thanks for your exposure to such a much needed problem, it’s real!!! #backoffthecliff
RIght when I felt like my respect for you was at a new high, seeing the girl from a few years ago with the S14 struggle to make it on multiple levels now bossing around the track with her good friends and awesome team.. big props for getting real in front of a camera right after those events took place. Love all the succes for you and even more the fact that you share this with everyone while getting awereness to the subjects that matter. Proud follower, this is the energy that people need to see and hear. Keep speaking the wisdom to yourself too!
I made my previous comment before the end of the video and feel like a dick.  I am sorry to hear about your friend but am glad they are okay.  I hope they get the help they need and you're able to be there for them if they need it. Keep being awesome.
ye start with earrape ......
Glue works… and in a pinch JB Wweld… but a stitch in time is the pan-ultimate fix
Mye kjærlighet Emelia💗
Major motion picture projects?!?!   Please tell me it's Fast and Furious 13!
Hats off for the mental health info...it takes a lot to open up sometimes/anytime and it shouldn't be like that. Sometimes folks look at successful and well off people and think that everything must be ok. Don't matter how big, small, rich or poor you are the black dog can appear at your doorstep. If you are lucky you will never have to meet the damn mutt. If you do, help is out there...there is no shame admitting that....
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thanks for sharing. We have a huge Mental Health problem in this country. Thanks to past politicians in the early 80's we lost more than half of our mental health institutions. And it shows. People need help and sometimes it's very hard. My son has struggled with physical and mental health since his early 20's. It was so hard to find the help he needed. But eventually got the help he needed. Thank you for spreading the word. We all need help mentally in our lives at times.
So sorry, R. I. P.
Not ashamed to say that pulled tears because I just lost a good friend, supporter and mentor that really helped me through all of this for the last 3 years. Take your time, no one just heals without care and being open about it is the best way to get it. There are better ways and its always too late to realize them. Live every moment like its the last, never know if you don't show it and they might just need to know you care. Please take care of yourself, living the dream most of us have wanted and don't have to impress ✌
We all have many more good deed's to do.. Tuff times is hard.. Stay Safe..
Emelia is the boss always sharing that beautiful smile makes me smile
Waking up to a flat on your Ferrari… IS NO excuse for not posting… are you insane?
your love is returned multiplied
Amazing driving.  That was crazy.
😋 least chick-fil-a has quality control.
#truthheals #mentalhealth  Thank you for bringing a bright light to an often dark subject.
I support this message.
keep your head up stay strong , your amazing . the community you built is always here to support you . Much love .
Build a bridge and get the hell over it
I hope your friend find the strength to be ok,then happy and take it one day at a time, with friends like you I know he will . We love you Emelia stay strong, the fam with you🙏❤️
Do still have your old PO box or did you stop doing fan mail I haven't seen your PO box in the description anymore been saving a lot of goodies for you but did wanna send it all if you are gonna get it. And would love to help cheer you up and maybe turn a frown into a smile
Even if everything is negative, injecting positivity into everything is key to life.
Well I’m glad to hear everything is ok. Mental Health is definitely a issue. Keep up the good fight.
Congrats on the gig Males,you've come along way Young lady
I want to thank you for being an advocate for mental health we need more people like you. I am a new subscriber on here. Your channel is unique a lady that is an advocate for mental health and loves driving fast cars I love that.
All the best wishes for you
Thank you for speaking clearly to bring awareness and help to your loved one. We lost a beautiful person in my sister. Communicating clearly with all involved, working through challenges together openly is so important. Love to you and yours <3
I feel your pain sweetheart and your heart and soul and rock on
💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾🧠
You are amazing!! I’m glad somebody’s destigmatizing this I lost my 18 year old son to mental health 6 years ago.we will be here no matter the difference in time between videos. We love you
As someone who has attempted, and has found the help I needed, thank you for taking your friend seriously. My family still doesn't accept that I had legitimate mental health problems, but they do reap the benefits of that help. I'm so glad I had friends who didn't make me feel like shit for feeling like shit. The world needs more like you, Emelia. 💗
You say there is help with mental health how come I can never get help for my mental health that is bs I have tried suicide three or four times this comment probably will get deleted but no one really cares about others just themselves
Sandy is like the cool laidback older brother/protector.
Nice to see that you got the guys from AGX back on camera again!
It’s at everybody’s front door! They don’t care about you/us, they never did!! It’s going to get a lot worse, until we unite and fight back!!
Bruh, if i didnt have my job idk wtf life would be, certainly went through some $#!+.
It’s ok not to be ok.
💪❤💓❤
Stay strong and keep making people aware, it's the best thing you can do.
im honestly so suprised how badass you were doing drifting that 458 lol you need an actual drift build now
You 2 are friggen AWESOME!!!
Does Motul think tiktok influencers are gonna help sell their $10qt. Oil?
It’s amazing how one day you can be on top of the world and feeling great, and the next day be slammed with dibilating depression! Even though you tell yourself to stop over thinking it and suck it up, get up and find the great day you had yesterday. But it’s not that easy! The main thing I tell myself to fight my depression “yesterday is over and tomorrow is a new day. Don’t always work but sometimes it does. To anyone contemplating hurting yourself please stay strong! Don’t let the demons win because even if it don’t feel like it…..somebody loves you! Thank you Amelia for all you do for this fighting the depression demons! You ROCK!
Suicide and drug abuse is really bad these days.  Glad to see folks are taking it serious instead of ignoring the issue.
Congratulations big moves goals for you
I hope the thumbnail was deliberate. FORD on the Ferrari
You are one tough chick. You push through physical and emotional pain and always come out stronger on the other side. That had to be tough to even talk about. I’m glad you and your friend are doing better. E-Crew is here for you.
Emeila how many speeding tickets have you gotten 😜
Take care Emilia 😭❤️❤️❤️
Oni is beautiful
97k subs to go! congrats in advance emelia! 1M Subs!!
I’m so sorry about the difficult times you have had to go through. You have such a good heart & I am so proud of what you are working to do. If you, your friend, or anyone here reading this needs someone to lean on don’t be afraid to reach out. You are loved, don’t ever forget that.
Thank you for sharing a very important concern. I've worked in and around the mental health system in the USA for 30+ years. We don't do a very good job of taking care of one another. Getting beyond the stigma is really important.
Emelia, I'm sorry.  I have gone through this myself.  Stay strong.   I'm glad your friend is ok.  I love your content.   Everyone needs to enjoy life everyday.  ❤️ Thank you
Thank you for the resources!!!!!!👍🏽🙏🏽
Most ppl don’t realize how hard it is not to hurt yourself when you struggle with mental health issues!!!
Emelia, you are an inspiration to nearly a million people at this point... and much more to come... I hope that never overwhelms you....  Keep on doing you... don't ever change... 🥰
Wishing all the best for you Emelia!
Thank you for all you do. From entertainment in motorsports to discussing topics like mental health and helping others with it. Stay strong and fight on, that's how I've forced myself through the last 5 months.   My life has been in a downward spiral since March after my dad (also my best friend) underwent major neck surgery to relieve pain he's gone through for years and the surgery/anesthesia progressed his "early warning signs of dementia" rapidly. He went from having some pauses when talking and some slight forgetfulness to living in a nursing homes memory care unit. It's broken me and I cry every time I talk to him. I spent the last 5+ years more focused on him being ok as his body wore down rather than making sure I'm ok and I was blindsided when all of this happened. I've been at the lowest point of my life since all of this but I've forced myself to stay strong and keep going. I wasn't ready for this scenario at all, mentally or financially. But the phrase "be uncomfortable now to be comfortable later" has helped me realize that while it may seem dark now, the future is still bright.
Mmhmm
We are enjoying riding with you every time. Be good to yourself no matter what.❤
Do what you have to do. These videos are fun, but there is so much more to life. Being there for family and friends is very important.
I am someone who struggles with mental health and have had to be sectioned for my own safety. The thing one of the nurses said to me which will always stick with me is if you break your arm or leg you go and get medical advice to help you recover. Just because you can't see mental health issues doesn't mean they don't exist. Thank you from the bottom of my heart Emelia for bringing these issues forward. I feel you may of saved lives just by talking about these issues. Much love ❤
💙 love ya girl
Of course, you have the right to take a break from your work if you are not feeling well. Always put yourself and your health first. These words you say here on youtube are not just words, they mean so much more ! Thank you Emelia and be strong and remember yourself too !
i feel you emilia i lost my MOM 9monds back so keep it it on the good way in this way girls really also in the future loveyou xxx
Thanks for being so open you know you just Gotta take it day by day and I believe we’re all here for you
Prosucide, theirs no reason beacuse  u care about someone that they should suffer in this shit hole life,  that's called selfishness. #kys #doit
Cool video Emilia. Take care of yourself. I deal with ptsd from serving my country. The mental health system is a complete failure. Have a good day.
tnx for the video
well glad you share these personal stories better out then in, like you sid good theres alot of places that offer help and if you need it
Thanks for talking about this, my best friend passed from self inflicted mortal injury 2 weeks ago. He left me in charge of everything to do with his estate, so I'm going thru it right now. Keep me in your thoughts while I'm dealing with this loss, and again, thanks for your bringing awareness to this issue.
When someone has a broken arm all people say: "oh, im sorry you injured, get well soon!" When someone has a mental disease most people say: "hey, youre looking good!". And you say: "maybe, but im Feeling not good...". Why is a mental disease such a underrated sickness in this so called society, only because you cant see a disease doesnt mean it dont exist.  But by the way, another great video Emelia. Your 458 is such a Beauty. 🙂
Mental health and self care is too priority Emelia.  I lost my brother 14 years ago and think about him every single day.  Remember to take care of yourself we’re all here for you
why do they have to yell at the camera at the very start every time its bloody annoying
Keep filling the world with your positivity and support. You rock!
Thank you for all you do.  Don't forget you are also an inspiration to all the young women that if you can do it as a hotrodder, model, actress, drifter, and race car driver and still be an all around good person.  Thank You Ms Emelia.
Damn you drive the shit out of that car.  So awesome for you.  Enjoy your success and keep the videos coming.
You are so Amazing woman  ❤
You are amazing!!! Thank you so much for all you do for mental health!!! And Thank you for being such a positive influence for people!!! Much love!!!
Porno music at the 6:05 mark, or so I’m told. You definitely got on it though!
You should try using a drone
I had a brain aneurysm last year, a stroke, a seizure all at once that left me 100% paralyzed on m y left side. I'm 90% recovered from the physical part..... WITH insurance it took me 7 months to see a psychiatrist and medicine after medicine. side effect after side effect they still refuse to try medicine on me that are labeled a "narcotic" so instead I get to be a guinea pig for the countless shitty medicine out there.. The medical system is TRASH....
9:45 ♥️😢♥️take care off your self, this is very important if your not have the mental health yourself, you cannot help other people who struggling.. Take care♥️
Bi polar sucks been dealing with that in my family my whole life .good luck .
Thank you so much for sharing! I personally know what it’s like to be on that other end like your friend, and really which I had had a friend like you around to help me through it. You see what you trying to help someone get mental help. Imagine trying to do it for yourself… not good. The stigmatized feeling people have about mental help is hurting a lot of people because they shy away from as for the help. Mental health is just like fiscal health, both need to be taken care of and seen by the proper people to diagnose the issues. Thank you for bringing the awareness of this issue and God Bless you and your friend🙏🏻
I’m very happy that you’re a mental health advocate. As someone with a severe case of bipolar, I really appreciate what you do.
Emelia, No worries on being a fan and patiently waiting for you to post youtube videos... Thank you for sharing what you have been going through. I myself pray for you and your friend and families and everyone out there that has this disease. I so look forward to you posting with the E-Crew, and really can't wait till you post more videos!!! Thank you for being you and genuine to all of us watching!
13:43 that’s what she said 🤣
Wow released him  😔😔😔 so sorry glad he is ok I've been struggling with depression the past couple years pretty bad and it stems from my recovery of addiction and partially to where I'm staying where I'm not allowed to have company where I pay rent if that makes any sense being alone in those four walls and not being able to shut my mind off sometimes is a little bit much the majority of the time watching YouTube is everything thank you so much for sharing lov ya
“You’ll never walk alone Emelia”,we out here,with love
With love ❤️❤️💜❤️❤️❤️💜❤️ stay happy girl :)
Between you and James you are hands down the most compassionate and caring people. Keep being you!!!
Good and awesome video like all time Emilia. Sad to hear about your friend
Emelia, I lost multiple family members due too mental health. The pain that our loved ones had never goes away, it gets passed down. Ill be damned if I let it continue that cycle. For people that have gone through similar situations stay strong. They say everything happens for a reason, we might not know that reason ever but I can tell you it has made us stronger then we have ever thought we could be. We are here to stay strong and inform people that mental health is a serious issue. <3
You got this beautiful and if not I got you 😘
I kno what there going through. I suffer  from ideas  and bipolar with Intermittent explosive disorder. And I let alot of shit get to me and build up. Well I've been having  issues  recently and it's mostly my stupid burban with a 5.3 . I spent all I had on it just to have it have a clapped lifter and the dude was supposed to be my friend  so now I have  all this stuff plus losing a friend and I have 2 handicapped sisters and one has kids . We lost our parents younger also like my dad was heart my mom was recent she had stage 4 Lung cancer  so that was Hard . And I had to stay strong  for everyone and keep working so I got. Money coming in to fix my burban  ... like it's enough  already  I know more ford's then anything  I'm nervous to do the lifters myself but if I don't got the money or anyone to do it its gotta be me bro . So yes I been thinking shit and have  I tried in a while no but seemed  worthwhile after awhile I just need so much help in so many ways  grrrrrrrrrrrr
Depression isn't real.
Can’t wait to see your national commercial, super excited
Love you Emilia! Thanks for sharing and caring…stay healthy!!!
Much live Emelia! A friend tried to take his life a few months ago. He is falling back into a bad routine and I'm trying to help him but you can only help those who want help
Please see Person Love and Keep them Strength and Strong to fight  Mental Health and tell them how much you love them and you not along be strong and and always Love care any too just Love alot Love  We Love You Emelia you best and love watch you YouTube video   Be Strong Emelia and remember always Love ❤❤❤❤
10:21 is what you're here for...
It's refreshing  to hear you talk openly about mental health openly. I have been watching you for years now and have watched you succeed at everything you do! Everyone  in the car community is  proud of your successes keep it up!
I am giving my neighbor that number. Keep rocking it, girl.
I love your videos!! Keep it up
I lost a good friend about a month ago. He was an avid cyclist and an inspiration to me. He had just turned 60., so heart wrenching. Thanks so much for sharing. So happy to have you back!
You are so strong Emelia. Hopefully with your strength and support your friend will power through this emotional time. 😁
Paint the Ferrari already. Please.
Sending you and your friends lots of positive vibes from Belgium....
Wait just a minute. You said National, then brought up NBC and NBC Sports. Who watches them? That's why NASCAR second season falls flat. Hopefully Motul didn't hitch their horse to the wrong network.
Although it may have been hard to film, thank you for sharing what happened. I know the US healthcare system can absolutely suck, it just shows how we need to check in on family and friends more often, Cant wait to see how traitor comes along in the near future!
Would love to see you build a Lamborghini Huracan or Aventador to smack the Ferarri 458
It’s a mental and physical grind every day. Going threw it myself and it’s not easy even with the meds. We were here before this rough patch and we will be here threw the next rough patch! 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
😊❤💓❤
You’re the best Emelia!
Sorry to hear about you re friend. All the best and love❤️
Hugs 💪💪💪
Dude... Broes before hoes... in this case... we the hoes. We crave your content like crazy, but good friends are fkn rare. If you need to stop and be there for someone, or yourself... then take that time. It's time well spent.
Miss u
Just Ferrari being a Ferrari 😂🤷and we are proud of you emelia stay strong🤍
Thank you! I'm a 56 yr old retired musician that was once very successful. Having lost both parents, wife and daughter last year, I've gone off the deep end and am homeless. I've ended up in North Carolina but I keep hitting brick walls. I pray for a code blue every day. I used to sign autographs and now eat out of trash cans. Nobody cares, nobody.
Sorry to hear about your friend. I hope they find the help they need. Mental health is a real thing it's tough out here. STAY BLESSED 🙏🏻
Mental health is not health Do body cares about it
No one knows what everyone is going through, please do not judge anyone for what you think because what you think about someone is not the truth. Be kind and compassionate with yourself and everyone else. 💚💚💚
Thank you Emelia.
I’ve had a lot of people pass away some of them I didn’t know but some of them they were extremely important to me and hopefully he gets through he  negative thoughts it’s OK to take a break we are all here to support you and will keep doing that
Alex Choi is rich as f, he encourages people to launch 100 mph teslas over hills into other peoples parked cars
Please don’t ever feel like you are alone in those moments Ms. Emilia. I know pain is something difficult to accept, let alone share with anyone, but as you said, you are not alone. Much love and blessings to you and your familia.
I understand "shredded tires" now.
🥰🥰🥰
Thanks for your continuous support on mental health, absolutely love that you preach bout this, the whole community thanks you ❤️❤️
😊😊😊 Carrying for others is caring for yourself 😊😊😊 Life should not revolve around YouTube but in reality itself. Live life, Love life, be your own dream. GO GIRL! Congratulations and best wishes to your future.
Stay strong girl....take the time you need!!
With inflation and shortages of everything. Mental health is going to hit the fan.
Thank you for sharing your journey. Please continue to take care of yourself. U matter.
Got to love Mark's face!!!
I've been through the same thing about two and a half years my uncle passed  and my grandfather passed about 2 1/2 years ago
I’m praying for you my friend 🙏and for everyone else as well. 🙏💚🙏
thank you for all you do emellia!!! keep up that badass beautiful work you do!!!
Glad to hear you and your friend are doing better! take all the time you need to relax. I love all your content and cars
✌😎👍
Girl!! You take all the time you need. Family and Friends come first. We will be right here waiting for those Awesome Videos you keep sending out. Much Love Back at you.
Glad your okay and working and caring for your mental health. It's all you have
Hang in there, you are loved! If you need a smile? I will share.  I can share my smiles all day for anyone!
Ms Emilia take the time u need it's ok we can wait queen hope everything gets better
You are amazing Emelia! Keep it up!
Ty for sharing your story. I lost my brother to mental health. Ty for your builds I look forward to them week after week!
Depression is a very difficult thing to go through and I hope your friend works things out. This young lady is amazing.
reguards and stay safe from South Africa
You rock... Keep doing your thing! 👊❤️
I work with youth 9-17 in a crisis unit, it's very sad to see these young people struggle. As adults we are expected to not struggle, I struggle daily with my mental health, it's a tough road. I wish there were more resources for youth and adults. It's truly sad that there isn't. 😓
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
as someone who struggles with mental health issues - as so many friends do...  its nice to see a human, not a youtube persona. the actual good human you are. love and hugs to you your friend - and - every person that might see this comment also- love and hugs to you and yours also.
I can't help it but your compadre in the shop looks a lot like Andy Serkis....sorry if he's heard it before
im sorry ta hear tht hope u two get better
Can anyone tell me the disease she was talking about. I wasn't sire abt that that
Stay strong Emlia ❤
Sorry for the stuff you are going thru. I have bipolar myself and deal with mental illness daily unfortunately. 😔. But still here somehow
SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
And with that shoot, you've gotten yourself on your first blacklist. If the widebody didn't already put you on it.
Tunnel rips are manditory.
Your video is extremely tiny and the rest of it is blacked out
Thanks for bringing awareness and being such a caring person.  I lost my father in law almost 20 years ago and wish I could go back knowing what I know now.
So sorry to hear about your friend, I hope they get all the help they need and can get over this, having you as a friend is a big plus in their life.
5:19 Safelite repairs! Safelite replace! 😁
I have depression and PTSD, every day is a struggle, some better some worse.
Those drifts gave me chills. Badass
that 458 is gnarly🔥🔥🔥
Drill press is a good Ring stand?
I’m glad you’re posting videos again :)
stay srong girl! we love you and what you do!
I like it when you make awesome videos like this :)
I suffer from depression and the meds don't help only things that help me clear my mind is to ride my bike but over the past 3 months the bike has been in the shop for a job that should take 3 hrs only the past few months I lost 10 lbs and my sleep is few and far between all i get is excuses on when my bike will be done and I have no more cash to spend to take it elsewhere to be fixed
YOU STILL THE "ONE"❤️👍😜🗽💯🇺🇸
Sad to hear about your friend, hope he gets over this slump. It's important that he get's away from negative thoughts, but I know this is easy to say and difficult to do. Huge hugs to everyone.
RIP another windshield
Stay strong Emelia - you have good support 💪
Awesome. Damn I’d like to know how many words per minute you talk? Super FAST!
❤OMG Hope you're ok after the vicious Fox/Bear attack! LMAO ❤
Why did you stop posting? To concentrate on only fans? Serious what part of the video is it in, don’t see it?
Get her to a million subscribers to make everyone happy
I'll watch after werk, glad you are posting again though.✅✔️✅🤩😁👍
PTT time
17 sec 😆
We understand
Love watching. Even if it takes days to post
🤙🏼
Please take all the time you need in the WORLD 🗺...
So, do you gurl.. they watch or not. You will still be you.
Seems like alot of YouTubers are going away from it for whatever reason
Wow!!! It was @guttersnake
your mustang is most likely gonna be done before things such as stradmans gallardo😂
I literally forgot you existed
Got in early on this one. Glad to see you again Emelia 🙂
First comment to no type first
Not first but 6
am the fist  buy a land cruiser :D
We love you 💕
Loving the 458 more and more 😍
Emelia!!!
Emelia time 👍
Emeliaaaaa welcome back
Always such great content Emelia!! I love watching the videos!
First???
Hi
🤘🏼🤘🏼
Imagine not knowing Eugene
Let's go
❤️ I love your videos!! Keep it up🦋🌹
We all miss you 😘
Yeee wit ❤️
Second
I don’t even wanna be first
Not first
Hello
First 😃😃
yo yo yo what it do 🍅
👍🏻
First comment
First
First
First
Hi
