Current theory describes the universe as having expanded faster then the speed of light at some point. If this is accepted then it must be that the speed of light is not bound to the space which it travels through. If this is true, I don't know why linking the two in a fixed manner is even a thing in this presentation. (Typed at 11.11)
3:40 to 4:15. Thank you that explanation gave chills. The kind you get when you make a jump in the understanding/intuitive thinking. That description helps me understand the speed of light a lot and it's implications much better. Thank you. Your are a great teacher.
i just figured out i am not always late. I am always on time, i just happen to be in the wrong space.
Then you get people who cant understand there are only 2 sexes...
The speed of light could be constant, and instead, the passage of time changed over time.   Time could also have a multidimentional chaaracter.  Evidence strongly suggests that radioactive decay calculations yield ages that are clearly not possible. Time as a parameter as opposed to a dimension could explain a lot of the weirdness in the universe. A 14 billion year old universe is problematic. The inflationary expanding universe is also problematic. Presumming a non-constant passage of time, but independent processes that operate at a fixed "speed" in spite of what time does, could explain a lot. Or not. 😂
In reality we cant even say that the speed of light is constant now, in our time. Since it is impossible to measure the one way speed of light we can never know one way or the other if its constant or variable. All we can know is whether or not the 2 way speed if light has varied over time. Thast a very different thing.
Here's a physics joke (or is it?). Why does a light wave have no mass? Because its a mathematical entity.
if pbs shares so many radically advanced physics movies on youtube, the universal effect is staggering while the rest of the universe has been reeling, stunned and dumbfounded as to what to do next, like a boxer at the end of their wind getting wallopped by the world champ and staying up for a long time, as if it might die in the ring!
when did he mention the physics revolution based on youtube videos or is that too fundamental and mundane for this wild forward thinking channel....
shoot a beam of light from a train and its forever suspended in the extra train dimension, a little faster to other things but normal to whatever was in the train at that point... dilating..
like the video addresses, the theory that light was faster in the early universe raises the same issues that inflation does. what caused the speed of light to slow down and why did it slow down like it did?
I've always thought it was weird that light from a flashlight would move as fast as light from the sun
The maximum speed of light can be broken, look at black holes. Gravity, at least to me seems to pull it faster than it can normally travel when it passes the event horizon. Why else would it not be able to escape?
If we are gonna consider that time is the rate of change, we should stop calling that time because we have seen here on earth how two objects can change at different rates despite time being the same for both objects
Very fundamental tome and the speed of light are directly linked.
Your voice in the comments section reminds me of Cecil from welcome to night vale (minus the pauses in speech) Not sure why
Another question I have is: How can electrons travel faster than the speed of light in an object traveling close to the speed of light? Don't the two speeds added together add up to close to TWICE the speed of light? How can matter separate the two quantum realms? I hope I asked those questions properly. Think about the electrons flying around the atomic nucleus at the speed of light, then toss them into space, or a  collider, where the two speeds add. Can electrons maintain those speeds, or does the universe have a finite speed where the electrons need to share the "space/time" constraints?
How can light keep up with and expanding universe? What if your instruments find out that the universe is shaped as a rhombus with only one point in the center?
It isn't and never has been constant. It is only constant in a vacuum. When light is traveling through water or crystals like a diamond it slows according to the density and refractive index of the object it is passing through.
If you got a very long rope stretched from the earth to a black hole, current theories suggest that the rope will age differently at different stages, but according to the rope time would tick by at a constant, no matter where any part of it is measured the rope's age would be the same. Personally I think time is a constant and the speed of light is affected by gravity. Working with Einstein's theories it's always measured from an observers viewpoint relative to the object, time-dilation to me suggest that the observer somehow has an effect on the object which we know cannot be true. There's a lot of things we do not know yet, we should be wary of theories that might be vulnerabilities like zero-day vulnerabilities in software.
Maybe we can't measure anything faster than light because we do not have the tools, everything we have is based on the speed of light being a constant and time is not, quantum entanglement suggest that there might be things happening faster than light, we just don't know about them. Einstein's "Spooky action at a distance" might just be the undoing of his special relativity theory.
The speed of light is relative to gravity.
I know I'm 2 years late, but doesn't relativity describe gravity as an emergent property of matter bending time? I could be misremembering.  The real question I want answered, is what causes the resistance we describe as mass. What mechanics determine how much energy it takes to change the the direction/speed of a given clump of matter?
Another explanation for very distant readings... current calculations indicate that at the speed of light time stops, and distances shrink as you approach the speed of light, therefore anything travelling at or very near the speed of light could actually share proximity and the same moment in time from their perspective,  compared to how long they would be proximate from the perspective of an outside observer. It is like space and time being compressed for those entities compared to us. They can be very far apart from our perspective, distant in both space and time,  while still being proximate in space and time from the perspective of themselves,  so that this becomes like a distance limited variation of quantum entanglement,  allowing them to influence each other and share energy for a significant period of time after they appear to be far apart from our perspective.  🤷‍♂️ that would be my interpretation just based on thinking it through and running the thought experiment,  anyway...
Thanks, Matt! ☄️
Keep up the science!
The Sun doesn't pull the bodies of the solar system...the warped fabric of space time does...(If I've been understanding you correctly.) So the question really is, how much acceleration is required for the Sun / gravitational field/spacetime curvature to escape it's heavenly bodies and leaving them behind, in it's dust? Can we estimate that? What order of magnitude would it be?
Physics is a coin-operated peep show.
I like that concept of the refractive index of space changing as an explanation for the observation of expansion. Like the mountains between gravity well valleys are really tall, and it takes light alot longer to travel the distance because it needs to go vertical and not just horizontal along the rubber sheet
As light is received from a human point of view who only has a certain amount of content of The⚡️Light🧠 ⚛️within the🧠Mind, what is the Speed🪔of🕯Light👑🔦really💡is at,🕉"As 'IT' is"👌if "IT" is N🎯W💯% perceived☝️beyond🌌the😇Hu-man🧬Mind, sparkling clean & kind?
The problem is that we can not test the speed except by reflection. It takes 2.56 seconds to bounce a beam off the moon and have it returned. We assume it took the same time going to the moon (1.28 sec) as returning from it. We have zero evidence that it's the same in both directions except that it's convenient to assume.   It could be that it took 2.55 seconds to leave the earth's stronger gravity well and only 0.01 seconds to return. We have no way to test if this is true or false.  This would mean that every source of light traveling out of a stronger gravity well, eg. the sun, would slow down the travel time and appear further away than it really is. It might take 400 seconds to reach earth as it climbs out of the stronger gravity but may take only 100 seconds to return. Again, we've no way to test this as all calibration of probes are based on the time we're trying to measure.
Could (ether) just be a neutrinos medium? If it is, then it limits the speed of light.
What if time appears to slow down because the order of the photons that we see vary? It’s not time dilation it’s different perception which is still relatively relativity.
I like how speed of light is hard coded into the universe. even entire universe get compressed to compensate your speed. it's mind blowingly unnatural and bizzare to make the universe flat if they approach speed of light
if you try to work out an algebraic equation but you misread the constants you will never come to the correct conclusion, except perchance by accident, but then when you check your work you will convince yourself that the correct answer was wrong.  if you are not willing to consider the possibility that the presumptions you take into an assessment are flawed you mitigate (or eliminate) your ability to find the correct solution. not only is the theory of relativity flawed (time not light is constant) but the medium through which light is perpetuated is gravity and the magnitude of the variance is an order magnitude greater than most people could digest. the red shift is not a doppler effect, it is the warping of the spectrum due to the varying rate of transit through changing gravitational densities. I have not investigated this claim, however I am confident that the majority of blue shifted stars would trace their paths to us through much denser gravity wells than the bulk or the red shifted ones, and it would seem a simple conclusion that the most red shifted (being more distant) would trace their paths through more low G, though I would not be at all surprised if it were shown that more variance (up and down) resulted in more red shifting.
Or maybe, and I'm just tossing ideas here, maybe next time don't light the fuse.
I will be short, the link is Euler's formula. DM me.
The problem is in the measurement.
I don't think space is a true vacuum. There's nutrinos and other photons and stuff in it, and light would either pass through or hit that stuff, so it would lose speed. Time is the initial invarience of an particulate to inert or avert.
Inflation Theory is same stupid as VSL
Fundamental theory of gravity is flawed.  Infinite electric universe. Simple common sense
What would happen for our perception of time if C = infinity?
The expansion of the universe implies that space stretches or new space is born.    So it's not a big jump that think that time can stretch and/or new time is born.     Does that make sense?
How the Universe can expand faster than the speed of light if nothing can move faster than the speed of light?
Within 24 hours I came up with a theory for why the speed of light is the cosmological speed limit. It's complete with its own falsifiable predictions that doesn't break down with the Lorentz Invariance, AND aligns with, compliments, and builds upon other scientific models like General Relativity, Special Relativity, and Quantum Mechanics, AND is able to mimic both inflation, AND dark energy. I'm not an educated man, but if I'm correct(the deeper I look into it the more I think I am) then my LRF Theory  will fundamentally change the way we think about SpaceTime.  To explain what LRF Theory is, and to repeat myself of how it aligns with known physics I'll add this..  The Light Resistance Field (LRF) Theory proposes that spacetime has a built-in resistance—like a non-Newtonian fluid—that increases dramatically as objects approach light speed. This resistance explains why (c) is a hard limit, mimics both inflation and dark energy, and offers a physical mechanism behind relativistic effects without breaking Lorentz invariance. It aligns with GR, SR, and QM, and comes with testable, falsifiable predictions.
To get the universe to be somewhat the same in all directions, you just need physics laws to be universal, no need for all this crap.
Consider the Universe as a bigger pond. If you push a submarine through the water it stops after a time (let's say it goes 100 meters through the water until the full stop), and the same thing happens with an asteroid pushed through the vacuum of space, If you use the same force to push a bullet it goes 1000 meters through the water before the full stop. Light is similar, and one may need a few thousand light years to see the water energy decreases - the Doppler effect. If the space bends (gravity), why shouldn't it shiver and react when something moves (light may be just energy moving).
<3
you seem ai generated....
I seem to recall several years ago reading about some variances in the Lyman series for highly red shifted light for some directions. Do I recall that correctly? Or was it a fluke.
Great episode and presentation as usual- Love the Q&A-
If at the beginning all energy was massless, and the total mass increased as particles formed, wouldn't that require the speed of light to decrease, if you want to keep energy constant?
How do you measure speed? If distance changes and time changes, the speed changes… silly scientists.
it isn't - unless in vacuum (title a bit misleading)
The speed of light isn’t fast, it just appears fast because we are so incredibly small. But compared to the scale of the universe it’s really weirdly slow.
What if the speed of light is not the same everywhere? And since Nobel prize winners have proven the universe does not exist...what difference does it make?
Is it slowing down?
14:23  That statue looks rough.
"sceptical & open-minded" is literally just "intelligent"
You can never change somethign about the Universe, the only thing we do with science is that we become aware of the things that surround us, sadly today science it is less about what you can see and test and more about supositions and philosophy and the time proved that this way of doing science it is pointless and just wrong.
speed of light is a perceptual problem.
I assume it's well known that light varies its velocity according to the medium light travels within. My question (an idea for one of your YT post maybe?) is that it's the same case on gravitational waves, if there is any circumstances in which those would travel less than maximum causality speed.
This is not worth your time. He uses existing standard model assumptions to discredit the idea of variable lightspeed. Both the standard model and quantum mechanics are flawed, so we have to look elsewhere.
I have to say that I am getting less and less patient with the physics 'orthodoxy' coming up with crazier and crazier ways to say "Er, we don't know and can't know.  Can we still have money?".
@10:40 I was under the impression that high energy gamma rays, in keeping with their high energy content, spend some (superposition?)) of the time as electron-positron pairs, particularly when moving through charged polar fields; if that representation.is accurate, wouldn't the percent of time spent as higgs-coupled charged particles slow the gamma ray down?
Without inflation the big bang model is cooked.
I was reading VSL, String Theory, M Theory books about 15 years ago.  I liked the VSL the most for a possibility.  We have only been able to measure the speed of light for a few decades in our local area only.  The fact that Einstein's equations break down in various situations makes me believe its not complete and not correct.  Some things work really well but just like Newton, wasn't totally wrong just not totally right. What happens to the speed of light in 1 million years form now, 5 billion, 200 billion.  Why does inflation get to happen whenever it wants, slow down whenever it wants, speed up again, without any question?  It just does.  At the same time, the speed of light can't just change no matter what.
@18:00 the sun is constantly changing vel. 3 body problem stuff. the stars and other mass around the sun including our planets are pulling on the sun. a local sector accounting of the stars around us could point to a general directing we're being pulled to. very small but still going to be a constant tug .
Is the speed of light in a vacuum constant even for accelerating observers?
Your snark at the end is chef’s kiss 😁
What I find very baffling is, how "slow" the speed of light actually is. I mean, don't get me wrong, it's fast allright, but compared to the sheer expanse of the universe, 300k kilometers a sec is really not that fast. Heck, light needs 8 minutes from the sun to earth and we are basically right next to each other.
If c varies over time, then it also varies depending in where in the universe you are. Because not the same amount of time has elapsed, according to where in the universe you are.  Because the further away you are from massive stuff, the less spacetime is curved: you end up with more time and also more space in those areas.  If you and some friends each stood in a different spot in the very early universe, and you all were somehow immortal observers, then those of you nearer what becomes dense galactic super clusters, would be under clearly stronger gravity than those of you standing in the middle of supervoids.
not a very good video, I'm afraid
So you are getting close. The speed of light was considerably faster than it is now and that's how fast space-time itself expanded. It has always expanded at the speed of light but the speed of light was different than the past so they were in causal contact at the time but the speed of light was perhaps billions of times faster than it is now. This also accounts for the redshift and eliminates the idea of dark energy and possibly dark matter as well
Speed of light changes in a denser medium, say water or glass. All our measurements both of near and far objects have one thing in common, our position as an observer. What if we live, so to speak, in a glass of water? What if the speed of light in our denser part of the universe is different than the speed of light, let's say, in interstellar space? Even though we might be able to measure the speed of light coming from interstellar objects, we still do so from within our "glass of water".
Electric permittivity of space can also change along with c to make the alpha constant
when i saw the video title i screamed
if  light speed is not constant then the the age size of the universe is in question
"In May and November, the Earth is moving at "right angles" to the line to Algol. During this time we see minima happening regularly at their 2.867321 day intervals. However, during August, the Earth is rapidly moving towards Algol at about 107,229 km/hr as explained on my How Fast Are We Moving? page. (The Earth moves approximately 202 times its own size in one day.) So in 2.867321 days the Earth moves about 7,379,039 km closer to Algol. _But the varying light from Algol doesn't know this - its light waves left Algol 93 years ago and are travelling at a constant speed._ The result - we "catch a bunch of minima early" during August as shown on Chart 2. Exactly the opposite happens during February - the Earth is moving away from Algol that fast and it takes longer for the group of minima to reach us so we see them taking longer between events. How long? 7,379,039 km divided by the speed of light 299,792.458 km/sec is 24.61382 seconds.  So in May and November when we are not moving towards or away from Algol - the period seems constant. It is our rapid movement towards or away from the events in August and February that causes the timing differences."  I assume that light is passing the earth at c when the earth isn't moving towards or away from Algol.  In February the earth is moving away from Algol and the time between the eclipses is 2.8675875347 days and the light is passing the earth at 186,265 mi/sec.  In May and November the earth is not moving towards or away from Algol and the time between eclipses is 2.867321 days and the light is passing the earth at 186,282 mi/sec.  In August the earth is moving towards Algol and the time between eclipses is 2.8670608912 days and the light is passing the earth at 186,299 mi/sec.
The speed of light isn't constant?.. as in when there is a compression or expansion within gravitational waves surely utl alter light speed in that space just as theoretically it would if areas of the universe are expanding faster than others?
Q: would we even be able to detect if the speed of light was variable on the local scale?
Ive had this idea in my head for years that the speed of causality followed an exponential decay type curve with an incredibly high rate of change in the very early universe and a tiny imperceptible rate of change for most of the age of the universe.
Or simply General Relativity is wrong and there’s no such thing as space time. It’s a good formula, but it’s based on math answering what’s observed rather than the mechanics causing it.
Think my first space time episode was - how to measure the size of the universe. Remember when we farewelled Gabe and Matt come into the scene. Matt did the awesome how to build a black hole and was I was hooked. Love Gabe, Matt and the space time team.   I wonder if Gabe would pop in for an episode for a quick G’day?
"We have no evidence for this..." perhaps because all of our observations are from one particular point in space and (on a cosmic scale) time.
Point...Data Point.
Doesn't even vacuum have energy? And if so, and energy is mass, how can even the nothingness of the vacuum of space expand faster than the speed of light during the big bang or otherwise? The answer may be obvious but please tolerate me I am dumb.  Are the confines for the vacuum expanding faster than the quantum effects that make up the vacuum? What would the absence of even a vacuum mean physically? I don't even know if these questions will make sense to anyone
the space dice kills my ocd and make me cry
To knit pick, the apparent path of the smoothie falling on a train would be a parabola. Assuming the train is not accelerating at the same rate as the smoothie
forget time dilation its a draconian lie. they dont want us out there. that is why they claim that light travel at a constant speed but if your in your right mind you would know that galaxies move light at much faster speeds not time and that light speed up and slows down. that is what we see when the grays using their flying saucers that they glow dim light on a distance light seem to lag. its because the light travel faster arround the craft and slows down away from it.  if you see streaks of light in the sky its because gravity slows down light. what we mean by anti gravity is to accelerate a certain particle type that unifies the theory of everything to speed it up. this naturally decay. light moves faster when accelerated than in earths gravity. the draconians dont want humans to know that light is the variable. this is why they treat it as a constant to fool your sense into thinking what you see in the sky is explained by time but its not time that speed up or slow down its the stuff that the universe is made of that changes speed. how do you think the grays could get to earth from the sirius star system if light was a constant. only humans would fall for that and the draconians knows that humans are like sheeps. this was just a way for me to explain some reasoning here. the story is just to clerify a kind of tought experiment.
Einstein’s letter to his daughter was wrong.
we havent even figured out the 2 way speed of light
Why does that formula for the fine structure constant have the product of 4*pi and hbar in it?  Wouldn't it be cleaner for that to just be 2*h?
"Better accepted" means absolutely nothing.
Hold it.  You threw out that interconnection of light speed, the meter, and the second like it was a show stopper.  It is at the moment, but it wasn't always that way - we changed how we defined our units based on our belief that light has constant speed.  We could undo that if we changed our mind.  It's not a "show stopper" at all - just an inconvenience.
It's been varying by 1-2% since they've started measuring it.
The universe just decided to expand faster than the speed of light......? That's a "cleaner" explanation? Starting to thing all this talk is mumbo jumbo by people who are collectively kidding themselves into some very weird beliefs
Do the unbelievers not see that the heavens and the earth were joined together, and We split them apart? And We made from water every living thing.
What if black holes are affecting and reducing the speed of light and not letting the light itself escape? Meaning speed of light is the relative part not time
Expansion of the universe and decreasing speed of light is so intuitive that i never saw a way to distinguish the two. In far extreme future, this would translate to even the electrostatic force not catching up the expansion rate, which is equivalent to an increase in dielectric constant, which indicates a decreasing speed of light as well. Such a world would be red shifting more and more with passing second, i would like to know how it can be anyway distinguishable from saying that the speed of light is decreasing over time
just a thought: can ANY constant come forth from and be calculated purely from measurements, without being affected by the measurement? Are their autonomous constant or are the all relative?
This didn't age well
Too many dual-foil vectors collapsing dimensions, ruining spacetime for the rest of us.
We see objects in 2d living in 3d world ☠☠☠
The medium through which EM waves travel permits only one maximum and minimum speed for EM waves. If it appears that the EM wave goes at a slower speed it is because the medium is to “blame”.  Light travels inside quantum fields or threads that have standing waves stretching through them.  These standing waves contain a certain energy(wavelength, frequency and amplitude).  Gravity bunches up (compresses) the standing waves into one with higher amplitude and sorter wavelength.  The EM wave rides piggy back on the standing wave and has to travel a greater distance to get  around large bodies of mater, appearing to slow down.  Greater distance, same speed means more time to get past matter or out of gravity wells.
If light reaches the edge of reality, does it pass through the border between what is real and what isn't real yet, or does it bounce back and lose some of its force? If it bounces, how many times can it bounce?
The various speed of light is when light leaves the other galaxy at the speed of light and that speed is not the speed of light relative to you. The speed of light is the speed of light relative to the body that emits it. And light is the affected by gravitational forces, when an object falls into a black hole it is spaghettified/stretched, but if the object was transported to the opposite side it will continue to be spaghettified. Meaning light is stretched entering and exiting a gravitational field and it is accelerated and decelerated just like matter, this acceleration/deceleration is relative to the reference frame of space being accelerated into the gravitational field. We only measure blue shift because we are in a non inertial reference frame so light is accelerated and the evidence is the blue shift and the fact  the light is redshifted proves gravity stretch's the wavelength because gravity stretch's space, we call that gravitational redshift the cosmological constant. Hope you have a better understanding now.
No. The different VSL hypotheses are currently not testable.  However, Cosmic Inflation, a core defining feature of our current model of the universe is equally not testable.   But we can test and are aware of Faraday Rotation and Vacuum Birefringence...
It's the speed of the photons .
Speed is distance over time. speed varies as time varies. Therefore the speed of light varies.
The speed of light is not a constant speed as once thought, and this has now been proved by Electrodynamic theory and by Experiments done by many independent researchers. The results clearly show that light propagates instantaneously when it is created by a source, and reduces to approximately the speed of light in the farfield, about one wavelength from the source, and never becomes equal to exactly c. This corresponds the phase speed, group speed, and information speed. Any theory assuming the speed of light is a constant, such as Special Relativity and General Relativity are wrong, and it has implications to Quantum theories as well. So this fact about the speed of light affects all of Modern Physics. Often it is stated that Relativity has been verified by so many experiments, how can it be wrong. Well no experiment can prove a theory, and can only provide evidence that a theory is correct. But one experiment can absolutely disprove a theory,  and the new speed of light experiments proving the speed of light is not a constant is such a proof. So what does it mean? Well a derivation of Relativity using instantaneous nearfield light yields Galilean Relativity. This can easily seen by inserting c=infinity into the Lorentz Transform, yielding the Galilean Transform, where time is the same in all inertial frames. So a moving object observed with instantaneous nearfield light will yield no Relativistic effects, whereas by changing the frequency of the light such that farfield light is used will observe Relativistic effects. But since time and space are real and independent of the frequency of light used to measure its effects, then one must conclude the effects of Relativity are just an optical illusion.  Since General Relativity is based on Special Relativity, then it has the same problem. A better theory of Gravity is Gravitoelectromagnetism which assumes gravity can be mathematically described by 4 Maxwell equations, similar to to those of electromagnetic theory. It is well known that General Relativity reduces to Gravitoelectromagnetism for weak fields, which is all that we observe. Using this theory, analysis of an oscillating mass yields a wave equation set equal to a source term. Analysis of this equation shows that the phase speed, group speed, and information speed are instantaneous in the nearfield and reduce to the speed of light in the farfield. This theory then accounts for all the observed gravitational effects including instantaneous nearfield and the speed of light farfield. The main difference is that this theory is a field theory, and not a geometrical theory like General Relativity. Because it is a field theory, Gravity can be then be quantized as the Graviton.  Lastly it should be mentioned that this research shows that the Pilot Wave interpretation of Quantum Mechanics can no longer be criticized for requiring instantaneous interaction of the pilot wave, thereby violating Relativity.  It should also be noted that nearfield electromagnetic fields can be explained by quantum mechanics using the Pilot Wave interpretation of quantum mechanics and the Heisenberg uncertainty principle (HUP), where Δx and Δp are interpreted as averages, and not the uncertainty in the values as in other interpretations of quantum mechanics. So in HUP: Δx Δp = h, where Δp=mΔv, and m is an effective mass due to momentum, thus HUP becomes: Δx Δv = h/m.  In the nearfield where the field is created, Δx=0, therefore Δv=infinity. In the farfield, HUP: Δx Δp = h, where p = h/λ. HUP then becomes: Δx  h/λ = h, or Δx=λ. Also in the farfield HUP becomes: λmΔv=h, thus Δv=h/(mλ). Since p=h/λ, then Δv=p/m. Also since p=mc, then Δv=c. So in summary, in the nearfield Δv=infinity, and in the farfield  Δv=c, where Δv is the average velocity of the photon according to Pilot Wave theory. Consequently the Pilot wave interpretation should become the preferred interpretation of Quantum Mechanics. It should also be noted that this argument can be applied to all fields, including the graviton. Hence all fields should exhibit instantaneous nearfield and speed c farfield behavior, and this can explain the non-local effects observed in quantum entangled particles.  *YouTube presentation of above arguments: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sePdJ7vSQvQ&t=0s   *More extensive paper for the above arguments: William D. Walker and Dag Stranneby, A New Interpretation of Relativity, 2023: http://vixra.org/abs/2309.0145  *Electromagnetic pulse experiment paper: https://www.techrxiv.org/doi/full/10.36227/techrxiv.170862178.82175798/v1  Dr. William Walker - PhD in physics from ETH Zurich, 1997
if time slows down in a black hole then the big bang s time must have been really slow. giving galaxy's time to form. that would explain the maturity of galaxy's in the early universe.
The question I've struggling for my life, finally understood from ur video Hence again proved if u really understand something u can even make a 10 year old child understand
Sorry if this is stupid, if gravity is the reason why the wave function collapses what happens in a universe where space is “rigid” to the point where gravity isn’t a thing? Does the macro exist at all and if it does is it governed by the same parameters as the quantum? Also does the strength of the gravitational constant determine the point at which the wave function collapses? If anyone could answer would be appreciated or point me in the right direction.
If things truly age slower the faster things are going an obvious experiment would be to send something as simple as a radioactive metal outside earths orbit, but in its orbital path, and collect the object a year or so later.   And carbon date next to one that was kept either on earth,  or in direct orbit.          Wouldn’t there a slight but easily definable decay in one over the other.   Also we know light can be bent by extreme forces like black holes.   If it is being bent.  If the light itself is being pulled it is being slowed.     The path itself isn’t what is elongated but light itself
Eminem already writing Stan 2 after watching this
As a self proclaimed idiot, Light confuses me.. Especially when people say "when we see the light from a star, were looking into the past" Like how? what if the star/planet dies? does the light its already emitted keep on travelling and how does it do that? Surely if the star dies the instantly lights die with it, like turning off a torch in a tunnel...
If black hole can consume light then we should be able to theoretically do the same given enough energy /power-cosmic
This is clickbait and you know it  I knew this video would be clickbait because I've heard about VSL theories on Unzickers's channel  but when you put a "variable speed of light" on a youtube thumbnail - you know everyone is thinking about FTL
When you are open minded you should question any statement but not call anything that contradicts the theory of relativity impossible. all this nonsense about einstein's slowing clocks comes from the very definition that einstein gave to clocks. Imagine a universe where people have no eyes and the only sense organ is the ears, and the only vision is echo location. in this world you could invent only a sound clock, where the sound wave is reflected from an obstacle and comes back. with this clock in mental experiments you would see all the same effects as in the theory of relativity. and in the same way you could not measure the one-way speed of sound with your sound clock. because in the foundation of the theory you have laid ugly rules for synchronization of clocks.
If you are in a ship that is moving at the speed of light and you shine a laser beam forward, does it move at twice the speed of light?  What about this: Instead, what if you are in a ship going the speed of light and point the laser backwards, does the light move at all, or does it go twice the speed of light in the opposite direction of the ship?  The light would have to go twice the speed to go 1x the speed of light in the opposite direction or it would go nowhere.
Inflation cleaner? Inflation is hocus-pocus! There is no theory or math behind inflation, just one crook proposed it and was accepted despite breaking everything we know about the universe, because he is a cripple.
I use mnemonics to remember the digits of important physical constants.  For example, in the following phrase, the number of letters in each word gives the next digit for the speed of light:   "In jampacked jukeboxes, country maximizes my song: light velocity",  or, in digits,  299 792 458, for meters per second.  But if the speed of light is not constant, then clearly I have been wasting my time.
7:28 uwu
I have a dumb question that this made me wonder: What if the passage of time does vary based on where you are like how a distributed simulation might happen? Places with higher amounts and concentrations of energy/matter would be more difficult to simulate and thus would slow down compared to other areas. This much at least seems to fit with the current way we view time varying based on your speed or in gravity wells.
This is mind bending. Good one!
Disagree, I have 3 solid points indicating that speed of light is not constant
Is the math possible from a truly detached perspective? There's a need for some sort of interaction, no?  Not sure why this popped into my head... I'm sure it's been contemplated?  Is this where all the extra dimensions emerge in the string theories?
Veratasium did a video about light moving faster or slower in one direction, which we wouldn't be able to measure - because obviously we wouldn't.  What he says makes sense... But it just doesn't feel right.
The speed of light varies according to the density of the matrix it travels through.  Example a photon traveling through water is much slower than interstellar space.
I also think earths is just slowing down and the universe is not expanding
Could light be making its own wormhole we can't see it would be travel in 4th dimension time explains a lot
Dimensions don't really exist, math needs them in order to be math.  Relativity then makes these FAKE dimensions relative to YOUR velocity, when each velocity is infinitely relative -saying that nature does not recognize velocity.  It's a potential that only you can see.  This is just as narcissistic as thinking that the Earth is the center of the Universe.  Same mistake again!  Constant light is a DECLARATION, not an observation.
Big bang expanded faster than c (7:54), and nothing can possibly go faster than c, sound like c was faster right after big bang.   Logical deduction says c isn't variable,  it's just slowing down.  (8:40)
What happens when light spins at the speed of light? Tachyon?
the restance of the ether tesla said everything is energy frequency vibration . i believe tesla over einstein anyday . everything is made from energy so that would make higher dementions just higher and higher frequencies and above the speed of light and electricity we cann't  electronicly analized that we cannot see or detect yet because of that limitation . time is not the 4th demention because it is only a construct of the human mind an illusion goverened by the movements of energy and matter its how its measured thats it . everthing has its own viberating frequency even gravity is a much higher frequency the reason we cannot detect it is because of the resistance of the ether in this so called 3d world light is the fastest because of that resistance from the higher frequencies  light has its frequency range and isnt allowed to go up  its like trying to lite a 110 volt bulb with 12 volts the frequency resistance wount allow it and is why we cant detect higher frequencies because we are in this 3d world higher frequencies can leak down but lower frequencies cannot go up is why gravity is not detected yet, it is instantainous and the weakest force because it comes down from higher dementions god is the highest pray to him he can hear you instantainous , something like spooky action at a distance .when we leave our bodies we will pass through the different dementions its only higher and higher frequencies as we our spirit evolves past the mortal senses as beings of pure energy .
Could it be that the "Speed of Time" is also the Speed of Light? It could also prove quite well that time completely stops at the speed of light and that is why nothing other that Space-Time itself can go beyond it. Please tell me where my miscalculations are.
We, here on Earth, know only of the speed of light within the close proximity of a gravity sink hole, in the form of the sun, our star.  Do light particles perform differently in deep space, where gravity is -- by many magnitudes -- severely less affective, as space is not as "bent" by a gravity sinkhole.
Speed of light had resulted from energy of radiation that has enough speed for distance  for example light of candle, spotlight, light from stars that has been differently constant.
Local gravitational field strength slows light and time, the further back in time the denser the universe is, therefore light and time slow exponentially the further back you go, right? This would mean time has no real start and possibly no dark energy too. I'm not getting why this isn't the case.
What if the speed of light is infinite but only increases by incrementally smaller units beyond our precision of measurement?
Something I never understood in physics (and still don’t): Light is bent by water because light moves slower in water.  Okay I can see and understand that. But wouldn’t that mean that the max speed changes depending on the medium it travels through?
Blasphemy
Do not two entangled particles transmit information faster than speed of light
What if light in a long enough line somehow interacts with space to boost or slow lights passing through the space head of the line?  Line some strange cosmis bump drafting event.  Like follow me on this...  Every packet of light due to having energy has mass for the effect of bending space.  So packet 1 pulls on the space in front of it as it is also traveling at the speed of communication of this pull.  The light travels over the space before it is affected by the space itself being pulled...     Now if there was only 1 packet of light the light would pull the space back as it passed evening out the space...  But in a long line of light each bit has felt oddly stretched space by following the path in front of it.
I hate that this video is about one of the two postulates of Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity and the first thing in your opening sequence we see is the equation for gravitational FORCE. lol.
maybe lightspeed stayed the same only everything around it increased and decreased with time. giving us the indication time is the culprit. however it's everything else. :)
I have no scientific knowledge about this, but to me - speed of light is not constant, and its, quite honestly, plain to see. When we look at the universe, we see it up to a point - theres a specific range up to which we can see, and the rest of it is a mystery to us. The answer is obvious - light has its "initial" speed set to ~300k kilometers per second, but it loses that speed until it finally stops, which is exactly the point we see darkness. Of course, the other answer to this is that universe is tiny, and what we can see is all there is, which is absurd.
The speed of light is constant... mass curves/inflates space.
우주공간은 원자로 이루어진 완전유전체 물질수지공간으로 질량보존의 법칙이 기본법칙이다 중력 배경복사 팽창 빅뱅  등 아무것도 일어나지 않으며 원자 자기력으로 움직인다 이것이 암흑 에너지다 자기장이 있는 물질이 회전을 하게 되면 내부의 압력으로 열이 발생하면 지구의 용암 태양의 홍염 코로나 태양풍 흑점과 같은 현상이 일어나고 자기장은 자기장의 가두기로 타고있으며 블랙홀의 중심은 메타물질과 같은 암흑물질이 생기며 폭발은 없으나 폭발하게되면 극지방으로 빠저나간다 그리고 달과 화성에 운석의 충돌 흔적이 많은 것을 보면 자기장의 차이이며 제 역할을 할때는 운석을 밀어내나 역전현상이 생기면 충돌로 이어진다 공룡의 멸종을 부른 운석의 충돌은 자기장이 자전축의 변화로 일어나고 동식물의 진화에서 동물의 진화는 난활의 시작이 진화를 보여준다 동물극과 식물극의 차이로 동물의 진화는 결정된다 공룡의 알은 노출된 것으로 나와 있으며 그러면 털이 있어야 부화를 할수있으나 복원된 공룡이 털이 있는 종류는 하나도 없다 인류의 진화는 유인원에서 시작된 것이 아니라 인 류라는 고유의 종에서 시작된 것이다 유태반류의 높은 지능을 가진것은 유태반류의 특징이며 지구상의 최고의 포식자로 자리매김한 예를 보여준다 인류의 영양상태가 좋아진시기는 녹색 혁명을 맞이 하면서 영양상태가 좋아진 것이다 그리고 식인풍습 근친혼은 근대에도 행해졌으며 이러한 결과는 유전병을 달고 살았으며 유골로만 판단하는  것은 오류다 흰머리 스트레스 멜라닌 과산화 수소 이것은 흰머리가 나는 주요 원인이다 그러나 이것은 면역과 효소에 의한 것이며 그러나 인간의 의학은 원인만 알지 과정과 결과는 모른다 면역과 효소가 어떻게 일어나는지 서술하지 못한다 스트레스도 쥐를 통해서 가스와 전기자극으로 스트레스를 주면 모든 자손들은 유전된다 식물이 광합성을 하면 영양분이 대부분 토양에 뿌려진다 뿌리의 ARF7 물질을 제거하면 수분을 감지하지 못한다 이것은 화학 반응과 화학물질의 작용이다 이것도 설명하지 못한다 동식물은 꼬리없는 정자와 꼬리있는 정자로 수정을 하며 어류는 부유성 어류는 성전환을 하며 저서성 어류는 난활때 성이 정해진다 성이 정해질수 빡에 없는 이유가 있다 그러나 답은 서술하지 못한다 양자 역학의 스핀은 전자기파에 의해서 영향을 받으며 중첩과 얽힘에서 얽힘은 반물질이며 전하를 계산할수 있다 입자성과 파동성을 동시에 볼수있는 것이 핵연료 수조의 제어봉의 푸른빛이 나는 현상이다 서양의 불확정성의 원리와 같은 서양의 보이지 않는 미적분의 양자 역학이 아니라 동양의 동양 철학의 무극이 태극이요 태극이 무극이요 란 팔괘에서 시작 되면서 보이는 양자역학 미시적인 양자역학 거시적인 원자 자기력을 보여준다 양자 컴퓨터는 원소와 원리를 알아야 할것이다 일반 컴퓨터도 양자 컴퓨터의 효과를 낼수있다 이것뿐만 아니라 인간이 만든 최고의 폭발물은 원폭이다 과거의 원폭은 우랴늄이 주원료로 사용된 것이라면 현대는 기폭제만 우랴늄이고 주원료는 수소다 이것은 우랴늄 기체 폭탄에는 수류탄 급이다 아르곤 가스가 우랴늄 기체다 여기에 두 종류의 기체를 첨가하면 독특한 반응을 보이는데 수소가 소진할때까지 반응한다 그러나 기체와 반응은 서술하지 않는다 초전도체라는 이론이 나온지 백년이 넘어도 물리적특성도 개념도 모른다 오비탈이 0이고 전기저항이 0이다 이를 수용하는 물질이 우랴늄염이 있다 프라즈마 초전도체 우랴늄염 지구의 내핵 용암 자기장이 같은 현상이다 그러나 설명하지 않는다 한 나라의 국방은 항공모함에 달려있다 이 항공모함의 제일 큰 비중은 캐타펄트이며 수증기식이나 전자식이나 문제가 많다 제일 적은 비용으로 할수있는 방법이 폭약식과 유압식이다 그리고 추진기의 기술은 보여주지도 않는다 그 이유는 추진기를 보면 음파를 알수있다 그러나 추진기의 조와저항을 감소시켜 음파를 줄일수 있다 이것도 제대로 된 반잠수정에는 무용지물이다
Then Einstein was wrong.
What if, the expansion of the universe is actually space time being stretched. What if the fine constant structure is just a measure of how stretched space time is, and that is why it comes up everywhere, because everything is tied to space time. What if the rules of physics are dictated by how stretched space time is.
Question, wouldn't a change in the speed of light cause regular matter to...explode? If E=MC^2, then wouldn't a change in C cause a destabilization in nuclear forces causing Hadrons to destabilize and turn all matter in the affected region to become a bomb? Because the energy of the system wouldn't change...
I still think theories like cosmic inflation show just how stupid ideas in physics become accepted. It's as stupid as dark matter/energy. These so called scientists who have no sense of the infinite which obviously is a real physical thing. The universe never had a linear timescale. Why would it. Did reality just start at a fixed time in the past? Sorry stupid. Might as well believe what the Bible says just has shorter time scales.
What about a circumstance in which space and time emerge near the big bang separately, but they become intertwined afterwards.  This gives light the ability to vary at the beginning in the uncertain cosmic starts, but then also allows it to vary later in a mostly meaningless way as it is now deeply coupled with the relationship to spacetime
hail the black domain
well firstly that would expose Einstien for being the DIMWIT that he truly was....theres more variations on the speed of light than grains of sand on our planet.....so git that up ya Albert 🤪😝🤪😝😜😋
Why does frame dragging contradict a variable speed of light if the speed of light depends on the density of virtual particles? Wouldnt these virtual particles also be dragged leading to corresponding light speed variations? Just looking for a paper reference to enhance my understanding.
Speed of light is ZERO. Everything else is moving. Light is stationary.
Hmmm... confusing. There is a variable speed when large gravity is concerned otherwise blackholes would be lit.  If we were to move a blackhole between ourselves and something we were observing at a great distance there's a range of observations that could be made. The blackhole isn't consuming the object but passing through the light on it's course to our observation point. As the blackhole eclipses the object it might look as if things are paused or slowed down for a breif moment before blinking out as the light that already exists between our observation point and the blackhole would be influenced by the gravity and pulled back in some way on it's way to us.
The speed of light is constant, time is not. Time is fluid and flows at different rates, which causes acceleration as in gravity. Time variance, get used to it. No more curvature toilet bowl models of gravity.
Bullshit
weak force break cpt symmetry?
Not sure why we still call C the speed of light.  Fooling ourselves, light moves different speeds in different mediums.  Lets all just really start describing C as the speed of causality, as we know right now.
Yep figured, light is just a unit of measure for our puny human minds, to comprehend distance from our perspective interacting with the universe.   Remove the distance which removes units of time and measurement, and things collide like asteroids hitting Jupiter or a star slipping into a black hole the more dense object is what remains.
i demand a video in twins paradox😂
intro is misleading
It is not constant it is affected by everything it interacts with light can be slowed
"be quiet, the devs will notice"... is that a nod to the "Dark Forest" theory?
that's the beauty of science. You can come up with an idea, and then go about testing it to see if its good or not
How would inflation at the very beginning of the universe affect the speed of light (d x t)?  Since the universe is expanding faster, would that affect c, (longer d in the same delta t)?
i would like to see your take on Mach's Principle and the Brans-Dicke theory of gravity. Also when will you do a video on the structured atom model?
Gravitational waves does not exist and ligo was hoax
It's possible it's not constant given that we can only measure average speed. It's possible it's faster in one direction and slower in another direction
Going to stop you right there. No, speed of light is the same in each reference frame, and yes, those frames ARE different in terms of space-time (though, rather than calling it a curvature, the correct framing would be space-time density).
What if variable speed of light is the observable change to what actually happens or exists within a vacuum(and i guess the 'background' layer that all matter exists 'in front of')? Such a change taking place over the entirety of the existence of the known universe, I suspect, would be incredibly hard for us to be able to observe/detect with our current technology.
This guy has a really weird accent. Will it be Canadian?!
Could dark energy be the refractive index slowing Lightspeed since cosmic inflation?
Black holes literally curb light or the coupled dimension of space-time. Wouldn't the speed of light be different in the event horizon to what it is here? If so, does does gravity have the ability to alter not only the speed of light, but other constants of the universe? Maybe the missing bit in quantum field theory is some sort of variability in the constants of the universe due to a fundamental force we have notproperly explained yet, or know for a fact that it exists? Vacuum energy, dark matter?
@2:26 light is a wave that travels at the speed of light; information and light are two different things; the speed of any massless particle doesn't have to be c. WTF.
So I am curious if light hit a patch of space that was at the temp  of or near absolute zero would it slow, stop or keep trucking at the constant speed? I truly hope to hear back on this
What kind of particles do magnets emit? They don't, just like there are no particles emitted in Light. Light is a perturbation of the media and the media has an induction rate. You are confusing speed of an imaginary particle, photons, with what is actually happening. Light from a candle propagates in the media at the same rate as the sun through air, water, aether, etc... not because of some flying particles, otherwise their "speeds" would be noticeably different based on the energy imparted. "Massless particles" is a rubbish term. If Light can be bent around mass, this means that the "speed" can be altered or stopped,  as in blackholes OR there is a fundamental change in the fabric of space/aether around such masses. Either way, it proves beyond a doubt that Light is not constant.
First PBS video I understood all 100%!! (So, I guess, that only means I understood nothing, really)
Hey PBS. Does light increase speed the deeper into a gravity well it gets? I would assume no, because it doesn't have any mass. But if it doesn't have any mass, how does gravity affect it af all.
Out of curiosity, and my clear lack of understanding, but don’t we know of things that do move faster than light? Quantum tunneling, and spooky action at a distance?
0:38 No. Not diagonally - parabolically.
This thumbnail made me think they managed to declare variables in C at the speed of light 😂
99l 9 Oo9o😊😊o😊 O99 Llpl P 😊
I never thought the speed of light was constant, I always thought we just used an average. But I’m open minded so let’s do it. 21 minutes of hard core scientific fury!🦾🥼💡⚗️📚🔬✏️📎
I am a person extremely interested in the interaction between space and time. I, at 35 yo currently, hope to one day be able to travel faster than light. We need to think small to get fast...more particles less than sub atomic particles... Give me a couple hundred billion USD and I could probably figure it out.
Experiment proves information can propagate instantaneously across space ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ We present an experiment that proves conclusively that information can be propagated nearly instantaneously across space, in the nearfield of an electromagnetic pulse. The experiment consists of a  ~30kV high voltage spark generator creating an electromagnetic pulse that propagated 1.5m to a detector. The leading edge of the transmitted pulse and the leading edge of the detected pulse were then compared using an oscilloscope and no time delay within the capability of the scope was observed, where 5ns is predicted if it had propagated at the light speed. The maximum uncertainty in the measurement was 1ns due to noise in the electronics. Since a pulse is digital information. This experiment proves information can be transmitted across space nearly instantaneously. The results is perfectly predicted by Maxwell equations, which yield a wave equation set equal to a source term. Analysis of this equation shows that the phase speed, group speed, and information speed are instantaneous in the nearfield and reduce to the speed of light in the farfield. Below is a link to see a preprint of the paper. We are currently looking for a journal for peer review and publication. The impact of this discovery has implications in both engineering and the foundations of modern physics. The result is completely incompatible with Relativity. Instantaneous signals invalidate Relativity of Simultaneity in all inertial frames and can be used to synchronize all their clocks. In addition, a derivation of Relativity using instantaneous electromagnetic fields (light) yields Galilean Relativity, where time is the same in all inertial frames of reference, and there is no speed limit for mass, fields, and, even light. This can be easily be seen by inserting c=infinity into the Lorentz Transform, yielding the Galilean Transform. This means that if a moving object is observed with farfield speed c light, then Relativistic effects will be observed. But the effects are not real and can be proved by simply changing the frequency of the light, such that instantaneous nearfield light is used, causing the Relativistic effects to disappear. This then proves that the effects of Relativity are just an optical illusion. Since General Relativity is based on Special Relativity, then it has the same problem. A better theory of Gravity is Gravitoelectromagnetism which assumes gravity can be mathematically described by 4 Maxwell equations, similar to to those of electromagnetic theory. It is well known that General Relativity reduces to Gravitoelectromagnetism for weak fields, which is all that we observe. Using this theory, analysis of an oscillating mass yields a wave equation set equal to a source term. Analysis of this equation shows that the phase speed, group speed, and information speed are instantaneous in the nearfield and reduce to the speed of light in the farfield. This theory then accounts for all the observed gravitational effects including instantaneous nearfield and the speed of light farfield. The main difference is that this theory is a field theory, and not a geometrical theory like General Relativity. Because it is a field theory, Gravity can be then be quantized as the Graviton. Lastly it should be mentioned that this research shows that the Pilot Wave interpretation of Quantum Mechanics can no longer be criticized for requiring instantaneous interaction of the pilot wave, thereby violating Relativity. Consequently the Pilot wave interpretation should become the preferred interpretation of Quantum Mechanics due to its deterministic simplicity.  Electromagnetic  pulse experiment paper: https://www.techrxiv.org/doi/full/10.36227/techrxiv.170862178.82175798/v1  YouTube presentation of above arguments: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sePdJ7vSQvQ&t=0s <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sePdJ7vSQvQ&t=0s>  More extensive paper for the above arguments: William D. Walker and Dag Stranneby, A New Interpretation of Relativity, 2023: http://vixra.org/abs/2309.0145  Dr. William Walker
quantum entanglement is proof of information traveling faster than light. Einstein's mathematics predicted them but he did not believe they could exist. due to the fact it infers something moving faster than light. Spooky Action at a Distance was the phrase he used to dispel their existence and ftl information transfer.
Was waiting for SpaceTime to do  a program on VSL  forever!
I'm a VSL guy :) We can make an analogous GR with change to one way speed of light but I like an additional decrease in strong gravity since it can explain (some) dark matter and fix black hole singularities. May be one prediction that would come from spontaneous speed of light increase would be sudden blackhole explosions but then they might likely reform quickly so we would see some gravitational waves but if they're rare might be far away and might have red shifted away from our current detection capabilities.
I believe it can vary by a very very small amount.
Speed ist space covered by something divided by time. If neither space nor time are constants then speed is not a constant either. Relativity means that either speed, time or speed (or all three) can be variable. Therefore also the speed of light. Because: How do you measure the speed of light? By measuring an event in space and time. If they are not fixed sizes then speed cannot be. So you have a free choice if (a) space or/and (b) time or/and (c) speed are constant. Or none of them. It is undecidable. Voting for the speed of light to be constant maybe a useful choice, but it is not the only one.
Pedantic nonsense.  Ever heard the expression, "unable to see the forest for the the trees?"  Think about it.  Have you ever thought about questioning basic assumptions such a simultaneity?  Have you ever considered that it seems to be the greatest obstacle to unraveling the mystery entanglement?  Put simultaneity and entanglement in the same physical reality, as it's currently understood, and something clearly doesn't add up. Since I have no intention of looking at this again or responding to the likely hate, I will simply say this, ε=1 from the source to observation.  The return (entanglement) is instantaneous.
If the speed of light is constant, then popetual motion is a fact. Remember that the speed of light is  actually just the speed of a lasers light reflected of a mirror back to its starting point in a vacuum while under the influence of the earth's gravity and is therefore not proof of the actual speed of all light from all sources across the vast universe.
The speed of light is a constant. It's a proportionality constant between the dimensions of space and the dimension of time. If you think the speed of light is varying, either your meterstick or your clock or both are broken.  In my humble opinion.  Then again, this may not be a particularly useful definition. To make use of the speed of light, we need to have a canonical definition of a unit of distance or a canonical definition of a unit of time - unrelated to light. We once used a canonical meter stick, and more recently we have used some sort of atomic process.
What if 🐷🐷🐷 could fly?
The framerate of life ?
Intellectually bankrupt and way behind the curve. You are the weakest link! T'ra!
Allow me to help out.....think of the universe as a solid object composed of dark matter, the density of which controls the speed of light.....
YES! "Those photons became rare..." and that's when our brightest minds are numb and just argue.
the speed of light is clearly slowing down due to advanced civilizations achieving light speed travel and leaving behind growing cones of black domains with reduced a speed of light in their wake, as they engage in dimension flattening battles. looking at you trisolara
I love your vids.  It's worth noting, though, that as far as I understand (and I'll admit it's possible that I'm mistaken, as I am not an expert, but I'd love to see a vid from you guys on this), it's only the two-way speed of light (meaning light making a round trip, such as bouncing off a mirror and back again) that has been confirmed to be invariant, as there isn't a way to measure the one-way speed of light.  Einstein even had to define the speed of light in his equations in terms of the two-way speed of light as a result, and the speed of light traveling slower in one direction and faster in the opposite direction is consistent with the math of relativity.   The one-way speed of light being constant is simply a mathematical convention, not a necessity.  It's not (currently at least) verifiable one way or the other since the math is consistent and works out the same regardless of whether the one-way speed is constant or if light moves faster in one direction than another.
Take balloon and draw dots on it .. then start blowing up a balloon ... Then select one dot and watch ... while blowing ,dots that are far away from reference dot will move faster then dots closer from selected dot.
Crazy what if in reality  the light from  stars are not actually light  traveling at all
Q: If photons do not experiance time, then why do photons loose/gain energy (red/blue shift) as they traverse space as it expands??
❤👍
Everything would be warped
Late night comtemplation🤔 if nothing except the expansion of space travels faster than light how is it we can even see distant galaxies at the edge of observable universe? And how do we know space is expanding faster than light if we're able to see distant galaxies? Does that mean space is faster than light?🤔
He seems pretty commit in the way "in"... Dark energy and matter does not make sense, only mathematically. 99 of a 100 professors does not make a flawed reality right, in a distant time we'll know more and better.
I like this video its interestyng
The best way to prove is to wait a few million years and measure the age of the universe again. If you still get the exact same measurement, then the speed of light changes.
In fact, the variable speed of light is an elegant solution to the Big Bang singularity. It would allow the creation of a naked singularity at the beginning of the universe.
Almost never talked about is that the speed of light may bot be the speed limit, if light in fact does weigh something, will it automatically slow light down to a speed lower than max speed.
We'll never know as the speed of light and the length of a meter are now tied together, creating a sophisticated form of circular logic.
I have a suspicion that at least one of the things we think of as a constant (that may be 'c' ~ it may be something else) isn't. If I could ask one question, in this big question space, we say that baryonic matter makes up 4% of all the stuff, and dark matter makes up about 40% and dark energy makes up the rest, about 55%. Ok ~ never mind the exact proportions, what I want to know, is how we work that out? I mean, how do we know how much 'stuff' there is? I understand the case for dark matter, on the speed of galaxy rotation, but how do we know that what we can see is only 1/20 of what there is? "Because scientists have worked out what came out of the Big Bang." Ah! Now this is what I mean. How did we arrive at that figure? Because I hear this cited every time Dark Energy or Dark Matter comes up, but nobody has ever explained to me in a way I can understand, how we arrived at that figure of 'All The Stuff'. Like ~ did God drop a blueprint or something? I mean ~ the story I hear, is the observable universe might be 1/20th of the whole universe, or it might be 1/(almost infinity) of the whole universe. The size / extent of the universe very well might be infinite. We have no evidence. [shrug] Ok, I'm good with that. So tell me again how we know 4% of that is baryonic matter? There seems to be a value here that we know, and I'm damned if I can see how we know that.
Time is local So is the speed of light
You should have been a theologian. You missed your calling.
The so-called Cosmic Microwave Background cannot really exist. It is said to be the image of a black body at the beginning of the universe. If the early universe were only gas or plasma, there was no black body. A black body is composed of condensed matter only. A gas or plasma would not give a continuous spectrum but only those wavelengths emitted by hydrogen or helium. Only condensed matter can provide the number of degrees of freedom needed to emit a continuous spectrum. Penzias and Wilson in addition to the space based telescopes were not shielded adequately from Earth so the 'background' appears to be generated by water on the Earth. There is also an incredible amount of data massage with the CMB measurements. The entire Milky Way galaxy had to be subtracted with massive signal to noise going in the wrong direction. There is egregious cherry picking throwing out all point sources that don't fit with the theory. Finally, the year over year images of the CMB in all wavelengths do not overlay as they should.
Would it not stand to reason that light moves at a constant speed relative to it's source? I mean it adheres to gravitational forces like traditional mass objects by bending around massive gravitational bodies or even to the point of being turned around and drawn into their gravitational wells entirely.   For example since each galaxy is moving away from each other if you look far enough away at a galaxy moving away from our own at half the speed of light relative to us and it's own light is moving towards us at a speed relative to it's source then the light we recieve would be moving at half the speed of light relative to us. It would also mean that our observations of that galaxy would be observed at half the speed that it's actually happened in that galaxy. We would essentially be observing further and further galaxies at progressively slower and slower speeds relative to the distance and speed of separation between us. And the further away a galaxy becomes the closer it becomes to the speed of light relative to us and eventually it's moving away from us faster than the speed of light. Hence why we cannot see galaxies that are too far away. Light essentially crosses a threashold where it moves slower towards us until it stops and then moves away from us even though relative to it's source it's moving towards us.  Could this then be observed by observing how much light bends around a gravitational mass such as a planet? For example compare the amount light from say the nearest star bends around a planet to say the amount light from a galaxy halfway to the edge of the observable universe. Since objects moving slower past a gravitational mass curves more around that mass we'd be able to observe whether or not light from further away curves more around that object than light coming from a closer source.  I'm sure smarter people than me have tested this theory of course. But I'd love to know what the result of such an experiment would be.
it's Coefficient along side with Variable when we took about the light while the black hole would be the constant that existed to divide them into a combination of values such as an answer
It's c++
You neglect to mention that we have never measured the one way speed of light we have only assumed it to be equivalent in all directions so all we really know is synonymous with quantum entanglement: two-way light conspires to confirm our predicted speed. So between Zero and 600,000 k/s and no proof of consistency except in the resultant average. That’s all we know for sure about the speed of light 😂
I recently thought about the speed of light and black holes. If definition of black holes is right they have mass so big it catches all photons then gravity would have impact on speed of light.  That only works if definition is correct. They might be made from antimatter or something 100% nonreflective or somehow emit darkness.
general relativity is bullshit, space isnt real, and NA$A is a bunch of grifters
Also, what do you guys think about Matt? Do you guys think he believes what he is saying, or that he is trying to make us think for ourselves.
Matt is putting on such a great show!!
So if I understood, it's not the speed of light changing for the different observers, it just seems to change due to the observers own time dilation?
We seem to ignore the impossible consequences of the accepted view that c is a constant, one of those being stated without any embarrassment at all, that the entire universe had to have accelerated and slowed after the Big Bang during ‘inflation’. You have no explanation how that could happen, just that it did, violating basic laws of physics like Newton’s first law. Yet you demand VSL explains how c might change, this seems unfair - able to accept the impossibility of accelerating a universe just because all your mates believe the same thing. Isn’t this a case of selective blindness?
to explain why the heat death of the universe is not actually going to happen let me start with another nonsense. each supernova exploding has the potential to create some gold. over the course of trillions of years this gold will keep adding up and eventually everything will be made of gold... LOL. this might seem like some type of worry until someone eventually figures out that gold is also breaking down into other elements as well as there being other things denser then gold... perhaps one might conclude oh the sun will be a lead ball and thus be destroyed again NO, all things can be broken down and this assumes science can't be wrong. as it also assumes that fusion is the only source inside our sun. Fission can actually happen due to the potential for different temperatures and even negative pressures could occur at different layers probably changing over time. we can only see the surface... So in 4 billion years when the sun doesn't change I will tell you guess what I told you so...LOL
quantum entanglement is speed limit information about 3 trillion meter per second. speed of light is speed limit of matter about 300 million meter per second.
Gapping zone is the way to Achieve the speed of light , if the chassis is inside the gapping zone? The speed of light will be done . The chassis is following only.  The gapping zone can be made and build , the gapping zone of the blackhole is in the center , how can you bring it inside the chassis.  I told you it can be make , build .
Your theory of epicycles was amusing, but the speed of light is not some absolute constant. Electromagnetism tells us that the speed of light is dependent on the permittivity of space. In a gravitational field, the permittivity is different, thus the speed of light changes. This is verified by observations. This special sanctity of the speed of light is just a belief in the relativistic religion. It has nothing to do with scientific reality.  The delusions of modern physics are overwhelming and there is not much hope that physicists will ever escape from this disaster.  However, if there still exists physicists who have not committed themselves to a religion, they may find some hope in the classical expansion of electromagnetism as described in "The Electromagnetic Universe 7th Ed."
Sorry if this is a dumb question. Do light ripple wave like shown at 5:43, or does it act like a spiral wave like what I assume is shown at 13:17? To my mind it's a 45° difference.
Sabine, Dr. Becky, and Matt might be the next Einstein, Hubble, and Feynman, or something like that. Group sourcing through the internet could be better than the old ways, as long as we stick with scientific principles.
Modern physics is well established and well proven, but it's hard not to look side-eyed at it because of all the observations that modern physics cannot yet explain.
Would be more appropriate to consider if it can be perceived or observed in a variable rate. ' Constant for present methods'....measuring the two way speed of light.  While it is possible to measure the difference in speed on different directions,not with consumer electronics.   Need a clock/pulse generator with sub nanosecond jitter over 1 second.
Always interesting, thank you.
What I'm more wondering is if the speed can vary across universes (assuming others exist). Is it something that just is and nothing can vary it? Can different universes have wildly different physics or will they always be the same?
But yuo can not mesure the speed of like in only one direction , yes , its imposible couse yuo cant sincronize the two clockcs , yuo always need at minimun 1 point of reflection to send the tiltgh to the other side and take the media dividing by 2 ...so the speed could be diferebt in foward direction (like c+deltac , and c-deltac , in backward direction so the media is C as always😊
It’s what limits the speed of light that is important and constantly hand waved away and condemned as eternally stupid and unimportant as a question remains baffling and somewhat laughable
death's end by liu cixin has explanation why speed of light become slowly wkwkwkw
If virtual particles and vacuum fluctuations exist, then since mass energy distribution curves spacetime, the curvature of a flat vacuum spacetime should be noisy. Would this effectively act like some type of resistance like the insides of some medium, and create a refraction like effect on light and cause some incoherent scattering?
❤️❤️❤️
Just get the FNAF fan base to start studying the universe, they'll figure it out in no time 😂
We all live on the edge of reality. What you perceive as "now" is actually a memory of the few nanoseconds prior. This reality keeps us from perceiving the creation of time itself.
It's the speed of reality. A massless particle would travel at an infinite speed if not limited by the speed of time itself. Can't go faster than reality exists.
The speed of light slowes down through glass to 124,000 mph
One thing bugs me about the whole cosmic inflation approach:  If the Universe were much more compact, spatially, in the time of formation of the CMB, wouldn't that imply a much denser cosmos?  Presumably, such a state of energy density would produce a much stronger gravitation, and therefore also a much slower passage of time..?  Perhaps that would affect the more even distribution of energy in the early Universe, irrespective of the limitations of 'c'?
It is not... check my big bang theory
This channel is so addictive!
Maybe the density of "space-time" differs from one location to another, maybe this is why light defracts from medium to medium.
Nearfield light is instantaneous, and as a consequence Relativity is an optical illusion. According to Relativity, two inertial moving observers will see each others space contract and time dilate. This is a complete contradiction and a physical impossibility if the effects are real. Objects and the passage of time can not be both small and large at the same time for the same observer. The only possible explanation is that the observed effects are an optical illusion. Any theory based on Special Relativity, such as General Relativity, must also have the same problem.  Hi my name is Dr William Walker and I am a PhD physicist and have been investigating this topic for 30 years. It has been known since the late 1700s by Simone LaPlace that nearfield Gravity is instantaneous by analyzing the stability of the orbits of the planets about the sun. This is actually predicted by General Relativity by analyzing the propagating fields generated by an oscillating mass. In addition, General Relativity predicts that in the farfield Gravity propagates at the speed of light. The farfield speed of gravity was recently confirmed by LIGO.  Recently it has been shown that light behaves in the same way by using Maxwell's equations to analyze the propagating fields generated my an oscillating charge. For more information search: William Walker Superluminal. This was experimentally confirmed by measuring radio waves propagating between 2 antennas and separating the antennas from the nearfield to the farfield, which occurs about 1 wavelength from the source. This behavior of gravity and light occurs not only for the phase and group speed, but also the information speed.  This instantaneous nature of light and gravity near the source and been kept from the public and is not commonly known. The reason is that it shows that both Special Relativity and General Relativity are wrong! It can be easily shown that Instantaneous nearfield light yields Galilean Relativity and farfield light yields Einstein Relativity. This is because in the nearfield, gamma=1since c= infinity, and in the farfield, gamma= the Relativistic gamma since c= farfield speed of light. Since time and space are real, they can not depend on the frequency of light used. This is because c=wavelength x frequency, and 1 wavelength = c/frequency defines the nearfield from the farfield. Consequently Relativity is an optical illusion. Objects moving near the speed of light appear to contract in length and time appears to slow down, but it is just what you see using farfield light. Using nearfield light you will see that the object has not contracted and time has not changed. For more information: Search William Walker Relativity.  Since General Relativity is based on Special Relativity, General Relativity must also be an optical illusion. Spacetime is flat and gravity must be a propagating field. Researchers have shown that in the weak field limit, which is what we only observe, General Relativity reduces to Gravitoelectromagnetism, which shows gravity can be modeled as 4 Maxwell equations similar in form to those for electromagnetic fields, yielding Electric and Magnetic components of gravity. This theory explains all gravitational effects as well as the instantaneous nearfield and speed of light farfield propagating fields.  So gravity is a propagating field that can finally be quantized enabling the unification of gravity and quantum mechanics. The current interpretation if quantum mechanics makes no sense, involving particles that are not real until measured, and in a fuzzy superposition of states. On the other hand, the Pilot Wave interpretation of Quantum Mechanics makes makes much more sense, which says particles are always real with real positions and velocities. The particles also interact with an energetic quantum field that permeates all of space, forming a pilot wave that guides the particle. This simpler explainatiin explains all known quantum phenomena. The only problem is that the Pilot Wave is known to interact instantaneously with the particle and all other particles, and this is completely incompatible with Relativity, but is compatible with Galilean Relativity. So due to the evidence presented here, this is no longer a problem, and elevates the Pilot Interpretation to our best explanation of Quantum Mechanics  YouTube presentation of above argument: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sePdJ7vSQvQ&t=0s  Paper it is based on: William D. Walker and Dag Stranneby, A New Interpretation of Relativity, 2023: http://vixra.org/abs/2309.0145  Sent from my Galaxy
No, the speed of light is not constant because the measures of time and distance aren’t constant so it’s impossible to have a constant speed of light over large distances.
If quantum mechanic is true, then the speed of light is constant, because the speed of light is c = lp(tp.
In the experiment with a photon bouncing off a mirror in a train, in the inertial frame outside the train, why would the photon follow the train instead of going straight up and missing the mirror?
if the speed of light is not a constant then space-time warping doesn't have to be true.
This is something I've thought about since being a teenager, and I've never heard a satisfactory answer
Does a sub light speed photon have mass ?
the more I know the more I'm confused 😂.. quantum entanglement exceeds the cosmological constant but it's not possible to do 😂
Can speed of light or propagation of em waves in vacuum to be precise, increase over time because of the expansion of fabric of spacetime? Afterall, this speed depends on the resistance faced by photons in the fabric of spacetime (vacuum). I know that the expansion is not uniform and is mostly taking place in the voids. Still over billions or trillions of years, can the speed of photons travelling in vacuum increase?
the speed of light is constant.  the speed of time is not.  light moves through glass at 2.5 c because time moves that much slower.
18:30 I'd think that if we had the ability to move the sun, we'd also be able to move the planets by the same amount.
Time is squishy, light isn't constant, the arrow of time isn't linear.
The speed of light isn't constant, the speed _limit_ (c) is. It's well known that light moves slightly slower in "participating media", ie. atmospheres such as Earth's air, water, glass, skin, etc. And since space isn't a perfect vacuum, light doesn't travel at c even in space, just very close to it. So yeah, another lame clickbait video
It makes sense, we could only observe and measure light under Earth’s gravity when we did that. Now though we can test it on Mars which has only 38% of Earth’s gravity to see if this holds true?
A long time ago PBS said the speed of light is not about the speed of light. It is about the only speed the universe has.  The Speed of Time.  Any and all speeds borrow from the Speed of Time.  So Light is irrelevant, it just so happens that particles that do not move through time look to us as if they move at the Speed of Time. And no photons do not slow moving through different media, it is the phase wave that slows. Perhaps the only speed allowed could alter with time, but I do not believe that would change anything.
Lorenitz Invariance, the fix of the speed of causality in a vacuum. But what is a vacuum, the absence of matter. The absence of detectable matter.  So what about dark matter or undetectable matter. What if we are is a soup of dark matter, an expanding soup, the soup, waves propagate through ? If dark matter was homogeneous in density and energy around us would we be able to detect it. I propose we can only detect abrupt changes in density and energy. in other words, does a fish have knowledge of the water it exists in?   Dark matter could be the medium electromagnetic waves propagate through, along the wave theory of photons it could also explain gravitational lensing given photons have no mass. To say , is spacetime the dark matter we cant detect.  We know the background energy of the universe is 2 degree Kelvin, not 0 degree kelvin, and that is universally (pardon the pun) distributed. That is a lot of energy given the size of the universe is it not. And yes, space is not empty and where you have matter you have time as time is defined by matter. I am not a physicist but a radio communication engineer. Love your channel.
If you make photons variable then you gotta do gravitons. Next thing homie be expecting free food, room, board transportation babies school. . sorry that was done before I didnt know since Im a white genius male jew w a gimp country called USA
Some double slit experiments seem to show it can slow then go faster to make up for it so it still travels the speed of light overall
Ya but the universe DIDN'T expand faster than the speed of light. You see the confusion you are having is due to the fact that God created it and THEN introduced entropy later and also expanded the universe at once at all points.
The SPPED of light is invariant BUT(T) the energy of photons has been changing since entropy was introduced.
The Lord said.. Let there be light.. So it was.. Let the humans study and bang their head to it's nature and speed and energy.. Which they will never actually deduce
1 Corinthians 15:1-4  Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:
Yeah but what if it's Zero?
What if a frog had wings.....would he still bump his ass when he jumped?
It was faster from the outset and slowed down. That’s why distanced in the past make the universe seem to be older than it is.
Breaking Lorenz invariance is not the problem! It is totally the same if you compare 4D metrics of space time OR 3D space and variable speed of light, but physicists since Einstein prefer the first over the second option. I don't know if variable speed of light solve Inflation, but it definitely can solve Dark Energy. So sad nobody working on these sorts of theories nowadays..
Duuuuude why didn't you mention the one-way speed of light?!  Veritasium did a good video about it.
Light does not travel so it doesn't need a speed limit. Because our brains require us to perceive things as happening sequentially, we're forced to think light takes a certain amount of time to go a specific difference.
Here's a question to ask Mr I know it all Neil Degrasse Tyson @StarTalk, "does light exist outside the universe and if no why not or is it that no matter where light is detected in space-time that's a part of the universe?
The "speed of causality"? Causality not meaning necessary connection but rather meaning constant conjunction. Conjunction between the past and the future immediately after: the present. Agreement or concensus about memory, not history. Personal memory not consciousness. Coherence instead of consciousness.      What is coherence? Does it have a speed? If sanity has a speed what is insanity: incoherence? Coherence requires both knowledge (the relationship between "things") and logic (the a priori, built in, ability to agree - not contradict). Coherence does not admit ignorance. It can not include ignorance except in some off hand way. Off hand ways include God, statistics and caveat.       If we admit ignorance then how does it relate to coherence? Does coherence determine ignorance? Does it shrink or enlarge ignorance in some sort of balanced whole; the more coherent the less ignorant? Does ignorance determine coherence? The more ignorant the less coherent? In either case an answer must be found for the ...amount of ignorance. Which states the question: can we ever know how much we don't know? What is the speed of ignorance?      Truthfully if we were to be able to "determine" ignorance then we might have an answer to the "hard" question of consciousness. But i have a feeling that consciousness will never be solved, least of all by reference to ignorance, scientific or otherwise.
The emptier space is, the slower time flows.
Starting to believe that the speed of light, or speed of causality isn't really a speed at all - but a fundamental kind of parameter that reveals the shape of space and time themselves. Light might not even be in motion, neither anything else with no mass. After all how can you be in motion and experience no time?  We are traped in our own language and we can't see what's outside the box.
I feel like the missing part in all the VSL theories is that we "kinda forget about relativity" while trying to explain the change of the speed of light. I feel like in order to notice the change the observer would have to be "outside" both time and space. Think about it, since time is so closely related to space, as said in the video - two different sides of the coin, wouldn't it look like it's always constant from the observer within this particular frame of reference aka time and space? In other words, the speed of light "does change" but only for a certain observer, which is not a "true" change, according to the space contraction and time dilation principle, which is that even when we observe time dilation and space contraction we don't view the "transformed space and time" of an object as true values, instead we calculate the properties that the initial experienced by the initial observer.   The bottom line is, if we were able to experience time and space as a distant observer, we would be able to see the difference in the speed of light, if it is present. Otherwise it would be impossible because wherever or when you are in the universe it is always "the same" due to you being present in the universe aka the initial observer.  I guess one way to know for a fact if the speed of light has ever had a change would be with time travel. Specifically measuring it during the process of time traveling itself, assuming it's instantaneous (because otherwise it would require light years of space to measure it): If the speed of light measures slower or faster that would mean that the speed of light is indeed "not constant", if it is the same, well than it is "constant". The word constant here is not um... We are talking about it being constant or not for a distant observer, for us it will always be constant. No matter what. So... the question should sound something like this: What If The Speed of Light is Not Constant if You are Outside Our Universe.  This one is on the edge with being a philosophical question, but thats why physics is so fascinating, isn't it?     I dunno, just a little thought of mine. Much love <3  And thank you for the vid! All of your vids for that matter. Love you guys! <3 <3 <3   edit*  I feel like the importance of GR and SR is so significant because it is a very individualistic theory, and since we are so hung up on individuality and it is in our intrinsic nature, one could say we are just points of reference, the theory works and will work perfectly as long as we can establish the point of reference. Only when we will be able to create warp drives, time machine and all that sci-fi junk we will both be able to and would have enough motivation to explain "the unexplainable", really touch on the invariance of the speed of light etc.  The other way to make sense of... other points of reference when it comes to the speed of light, 4d space would be something more... related to our holistic intuition and other properties of our mind and consciousness :)
https://youtu.be/b9O6iCM4vCg?si=QxQng_088AStcX6d
How come you left out the recorded change of the speed of light from the international institute of measurements (not their exact name)? I saw a video on that a while back and the record speed measured in the 40s and 50s seemed to change until they defined the meter by the speed of light. That seems highly relevant and I was expecting it in this video. Possibly it might have been the meter changing as space changes since G has shown to have a cycle variation as we orbit the sun but this is such a historic and important event in regard to variable speed of light but you didn’t mention it… :(
Wait… you say light is fundamentally the limit of causality tied to space and time and then when describing the microwave background you say ‘variable light theories don’t explain why it would need to change in the particular way of inflation and dark energy.’ But what’s inflating if not the very space over some time which is as you said tied together. If it’s a nonlinear process then they affect each other. Also, I’m just not satisfied with ‘dark energy’ in general.
What's Matt's T-shirt referring to?
If you are holding a very long stick in Miami Florida and it is long enough to reach the Andromeda Galaxy and rotate the Stick 15°, the person that is standing on the other end of the stick (at the Andromeda Galaxy) will travel faster than the speed of light :-)
I think there is no 'space' in the sense of 'vacuum'  When you consider the long journey of light, even tiny variations of 'space'  have an effect on its speed, and change its direction. If speed of light changes, the hypothesis of an expanding universe becomes questionable.  Light we see for observation is contaminated by its path.
What if the speed of light is actually the fixed speed of time in the 5th dimension? Hence, a three dimensional object cannot exceed the the speed of 4th dimensional spacetime.
Planck power = ((π q_P^2 E_P^2)/(ε_0 Planck constant^2 c)), is c^5/G.
I think the answer lies in the the affects of Gravitational and/or Optical Lensing.
I feel... as i age...that,  we sure are sure of ourselvs. I really believe that these fantastical fantisy storys that scientest tell each other are, really REALLY far from the true nature of our creators... creationS
Speed of light is this value becouse the the alien simulation is missing the cpu power to make it faster. When they will upgrade the "computer" the speed of light will increase. Am i making any sense?
Given that we know the speed and mass of everything in the universe + every particle + dark matter (if exists). We don't. To say our knowledge doesn't give us authority to say jack about it ATM.
There's no such thing as a vacuum. There can't be a perfect vacuum if there is an observer in it.
Brilliant script and explanations! Fantastic video, as always!. Finally, an episode of Space Time discussing not Spacetime, but Space Time!.
If the speed of light is also the speed of causality, then how do we explain long distant quantum entanglement?
Could space-time be "draped" over the "surface" of a higher dimension, like a slug moving at a constant speed over a balloon  that is being inflated?  The slug isn't really changing its speed but from an observer on the other side of the balloon, it would seem to be going much faster.  In this scenario, we are unable to perceive or measure the "surface" with our given technology, but maybe some day we will at least be able to work it out mathematically?
When you measure Speed of Light, you will always get “speed of light” in length/distance units. The measuring devices DEPEND on the speed of light, so you will always get the same value even if its not constant.
“Time is what clocks measure” -Albert Einstein   I love the idea of that quote without context.
😂 the speed of light is not constant LMAO it never has and there have been test for decades to prove such. 😂😂🎉
Given that there is no such thing as a constant, invariable perfect vacuum, it follows that there is no constant speed of light. We can all agree that the universe is a perpetually changing environment of energy. Personally, I find comfort in minute variables. I gather that many people who think about these things would prefer if there were a constant. I see this as an emotional weakness. Causality is the key. Do lets keep questioning space time.
The real issue with the speed of light changing is red shift. If galaxies are not moving away but the speed of light is just slowing down, the light shouldn't red shift.
But if c changes then so the masses of particles, and thus the masses of planets and stars. If the speed of light was something like 10^30 m/s in the past then electrons and quarks were also massive to the power of 10^30 kg. How is that suppose to work?
I like your funny words magic man
Matt. What is the one-way speed of light? TELL ME.
The speed of light actually be infinite? But increasing by smaller and smaller amounts like an irrational number.
Wow,,,the thought of two black holes in a head on collision is amazing.. What if they were each moving at near light speed?  Would that be like some kind of universe sized particle accelerator on steroids?? i.e. the creation of a new big bang where each black hole breaks up into its original particles or pure energy?
Nonsensical scenarios "Different observers have irreconcilable disagreements about the outcomes of events" Well, there you have it! Proof is in politics...Jan 6th for example, one group actually thinks it was legitimate attempt to overthrow the U.S. government while the other group thinks the U.S. government has already been taken over by communist sell outs and rigging elections with electronic voting and unaccountable absentee voting.  So obviously the speed of light is just different for each group of observers thereby proving VSL! haha
imagine if Einstein had powerful computers back in his day...  he could have run better simulations, did more formulas, more science... more tinkering with the universe... :)   But, he was perfect in the time stream to be where was at that moment in our advancement as a society... almost too perfectly placed... :)
If C changes were very slow it seems to me it would not break anything
I've been wondering. Everything has an effect on gravity and therefore has some sort of subtle gravitational wave that propagates from itself everywhere in the universe. To me this makes me wonder, if time is relative to space, and space is influenced by gravity and its waves, can we actively manipulate time..., and does this also create variations in light. Also, light, Space, and Time are likely 3 sides of a 4 dimensional coin (kind of a joke lol.)  I haven't finished the video, I might have more to say.
1:55 this is where my favoriate sciance phrase comes in  and that is "as far as we can tell"
So the speed of light is a construct that we have come up with using the mathematics we know.  Imagine 2000 years into our future with the current growth in science and technology.  Will the speed of light still be the same?
the sun is a sphere of energy from which we benefit from gravity.  they get their food from what they call earth. there is a trickling system in their atmosphere called Cloud. there are water tanks called lake river ocean. Did they  forget what they were doing on the cosmic ship.
Don't the laws of physics break down at high enough temperatures? So perhaps the speed of light wasn't determined yet in the early universe?
imagining the universe as a four-dimensional vortex, with positive and negative forces swirling around in the fifth dimension. This vortex could explain why we observe certain phenomena, like the muon g-2 anomaly, and it could also be related to other things like the observed expansion of the universe. It's a pretty wild concept, but it could explain a lot of the mysteries of the universe.
That's an interesting idea! So, you're suggesting that as the universe expands, the electromagnetic and gravitational fields change, which affects the properties of light as it travels. Light is made up of photons, which are a kind of particle, and so it would make sense that photons would be affected by the properties of the medium they're traveling through. If the electromagnetic and gravitational fields are changing as the universe expands, that could mean that photons get stretched out, causing their speed to change
I've been trying to wrap my head around these issues for years now. I picked up one thing from this video - taking the idea of a "mirror clock" to a gravity well where time slows down implies that distance increases. Playing with this idea I have to wonder if distance might be increasing in a different direction than those that we perceive.  This idea can go in all sorts of different... directions... but I'll leave it at that.
Glitch.
11:01 Big problem using fine structure to calculate speed of light. Plank's constant (and also permittivity) has units of meters, which means it's dimensionally fixed to the speed of light. Any variations on c would be absorbed by h (and ε₀) to produce the same result. If your language presumes speed of light, which it does in meters, there's nothing inside your language that can explain speed of light.
Time is not bound with space.  It can be bound with it but it also exists without space.
light is like when you drop a ball from a driveing car. if falls.  so light from a moveing airspace , is as if you dropped the light from the moveing spaceship.  and that is why you never see the light travel faster than light.  then i hear you ask: what about dubbler effect. ? still the same . the light starts from stand still, but a fraction off a second the next point have moved, and at final you have the frequenzy change.  this is how i understand light.   if you travel to the nearest star.. 4 light year away.. and travel with the speed off light it will take 4 years.  from 2023 - 2027 if you travel dunnle the speed off light, you will travel 2 years. from 2023 - 2025 . you did not travl back in time, you got there faster .. if you travel round a black hole a jurney that takes 20 minuts  at the speed off light.. you think you have only traveled 5 minuts. but in reality the travel toke 20 minuts. you did not travel back in time.
You went a little quick since in principle varying the speed of light in such a way as to yield dragging and waves should be possible. Quantitatively, has anyone shown the contrary? EDIT: I found Jan Broekaert's 2008 paper where it seems he pretty much is proving the equivalence à la Poincaré Lorentz. (Haven't read through though)
What would happen if quantum entangle particles were created at the beginning of the universe but are now separated by the expansion of space? would this allow for particles interacting in one space to also interact with entangled particles in a distant space, would this build up over the timespan of the universe to create misleading phenomena?
Not having much -or  any, direct immediate  personal  experience of the  speed of light,  how might I  determine    whatever  "  the speed of  light" may  be? Why might anyone suppose light   to have a speed?-It is nor as if light appears  to move, nor is there anything about  light that might give  one the impression that it  does move. If  I have a  very long rod, stick or pool/snooker/billiards  cue,  when I move one  end of it the other end moves at exactly  the same moment, or  time,  if  light is at all like that it  does not have a speed.  Crtainly I  have never seen light  move or appear to move.
you guys are my favorite youtube space channel. i bet i talk for the most of people, who are silent about their appreciation for your work- much love to you all who make these vids
If light is affected by gravity, e.g., gravitational lensing, THEN a photon emitted exactly in close proximity to a black hole and in line between the observer should be dragged by the gravity exerted by the black hole. Philosophically speaking...
A slowing down speed of light is a major plot point in Death's End, the conclusion to the three body problem trilogy, although they have an elegant explanation for why it's varying without a clear physical explanation for it.
Since light is effected by gravity, this seems expected.
4:53 I apologize for being nitpicky, but you should have made the 6th face of the cube a space ( ). Then the cube would rotate and spell out “space” and it would make sense geometrically, and you’d get a blank “space” on one face for added effect. That would be a really cool attention to detail.  (Edited: timestamp)
Whats your take about Veritasium video where the speed of light is 2c in one direction and instantaneous in return.
8:27 Genius.
1:10 Computer graphics from the beginning of XX century is so cute!
Has there been observed changes to the speed of light through the Casimir effect? Could this this contribute to potential changes over time and space?
why does light get preference over other phenomenon that propagates along spacetime? magnetism/EM, gravity, etc. travels at the same speed, so why does light determine causality? in an area devoid of light objects still interact, there is no requirement for light photons. is the speed of light really the speed of causality or is even light limited by how fast a wave can propagate across spacetime?
5:00 Watching the four vertical sides of a cube spell a five letter word is trippy.
Actually, Einstein was the first to propose VSL  in 1911 but he later abandoned it when he was seduced by the geometric approach to Relativity thanks to the influence of Minkowski with his 4-dimensional curved spacetime craziness. Dicke resurrected VSL in ‘57
Einstein is the man.
This is nothing new. It's called a constant because it's constantly changing it's velocity
The sun is moving through space and it is dragging us with it.
If space and time are inextricably bound to each other then if the speed of light is variable then that would mean that space (the distance used to calculate speed) or time within a given amount of space would also have to be variable, because the SPEED of light is just the length of time it takes to cover a certain distance of space.  If the speed is variable then one or the other or both the distance in space or the time it took to cover it (or both) must variable as well.  Or, there is some sort of loophole in physics that is not known at present.  I suspect that for faster than light travel to be possible at all we will have to figure out what that loophole is.  Maybe when the universe was very young speed of light was much higher for a while and has slowly been losing speed since then, is so then the universe might not be as old as we think, and conversely if light moved slower in the very early universe and sped up it could be quite a lot older than we think it is.  The age of the universe is based upon a stable rate of travel for the first light to reach us, if it was poking along for a couple billion years and only got to 186 thousand plus miles per second about the time we see it then the universe could be multiples of the 13.whatever billion years old we are told.
0:13: 🔬 The speed of light in a vacuum is constant for all observers, according to the theory of relativity. 3:19: 🔬 The concept of variable speed of light suggests that changing the speed of light could affect the relationship between space and time on a quantum scale. 6:45: 🌌 The idea of a variable speed of light could potentially explain the homogeneity of the early universe and the apparent acceleration of galaxies. 9:56: 🔬 The theory of variable speed of light (VSL) suggests that the speed of light may have changed over cosmological distances and times. 13:09: 🔬 Exploring the possibility of changing the speed of light in a dense medium like water and its implications on the universe. 16:25: 🔬 The spoon imparts energy to the fluid, creating a flow and rotation of the vortex in a superfluid. 19:31: 🌌 There are electromagnetic signatures that can distinguish non-black hole cases from aliens, and the effects of a supernova on Earth can be global. Recap by Tammy AI
Please cite the papers you mention/get the information from in the description, thx!
The speed of light means the speed a planert completes.a turn  If your on another planet the speed.of light would be different based in its rotations  If our speed of light changes on our planet meaning the number of turns our planet goes around the sun then our resources would grow faster but everything on the planet woold die faster
Ftl travel is possible if there is no observer ie teleportation
It appears to me, stating the age of the universe is a meaningless idea.   Same with the speed of light. After the universe was created (as we are told) by the Big Bang,  the universe was small and all the mass was concentrated into a much smaller volume. High gravity means that time slows down.   Go all the way back, and it approaches the complete stop of time.  A mathematical infinity. As space /time are compressed, the speed of light slows down to keep the relationship consistent. It's all relative, anyone there would not experience anything different. So the light we see from 13 billion light years away would have come from another reality.  Space Time wise. If that make any sense?
So how could entangled electrons benefit if they exchange 'rare' 3x10^30 potons, or even 10^16?  Snd how could that explain inflation and dark energy?  We can stop clinging to old physics as it simply doesn't work out there.
All properly described constants are in fact constants. The medium that the force/particle can travel through is not. The speed of sound is the best example of this. We commonly think of it as the speed noise travels through the air, sound speed is also multiples higher in water, and pure carbon has a sound speed of over 18,000 m/s, over 50 times faster!
It is impossible for humans to move the sun. If you fired  a stream of atomic bombs into the same spot on the sun in the hope that an asymmetric stream of explosions would move the sun, they would have no effect; their combined energy would not even match an average solar flare, and even large solar flares do not change the trajectory of the sun as it pursues its orbit around the galaxy.
What if light isn’t moving at all?
I'm trying to imagine a scenario, where there is no speed of light, it is instantaneous and only assumes a known value at the moment of measurement. Wouldn't that be quantum-level weirdness?
Love space and  question about light speed and dark matter and dark energy the expainatio of physic yet explain this
I have always problem with causality "problem", we know that light can travel slower (in medium) and with different distance (curvature of spacetime), so that some observer see something out of order, is as saying that letter from friend which come few days after phone that this friend die, would make any causality problem. And distinction of useful information and not, because we know quantum entanglement, which sand information, which we can't do anything, but we know that it was sand (which can be use to sand information, but requickened multiple entangle particles) so... where is behaviour which is not local and instant... And I hate when someone saying "more accepted theories" because if people accepting or not, should have no impact on theories. Experiments which confirming or denying should be only consider. Because something as crazy as quantum no-locality is reason to slow time -> gravity, and this fluctuation can be "detach" and what we observe as gravitational wave or maybe even "Dark matter" (gravity fluctuation)
You only have to expect a change in the fine structure constant in the regions of space and time that the value of C changed, it wouldnt carry over the information from this change because the information of this change is trapped in that space and time. You would have to observe from a knowledgeable distance that you ACTUALLY measured to define the change in C
Remember when we believed Ptolemys geocentric model of the universe was right? Everyone treated anyone who said otherwise as crazy, a fool, or a heretic.  Remember when we coined the term Atom?  Ohh, how about when everyone  believed rats were born of rotting straw?  I guess truth is only found in its ability to be agreeable, too bad the most intelligent only agree with people who had to be brainwashed in exactly the same way as them.  So much time invested in the study of physics and no one can see the errors that could have only been made by children.
I feel that the speed of neutrinos wobbles, but not light.
"Time is what clocks measure." Thanks Einstein! 😐
Since entropy is always increasing, what if c were inversely proportional? Since c is the speed of information, and entropy increases information, they may be related.
great videos Dr Matt!
Cosmic expansion is a little cleaner: -literal space itself is magically created out of nothingness and is being created faster and faster..........
Hypothetically, if you had a unique object moving through space and it did move past the speed of light, how much energy would the light barrier release?
How do we know at the speed of light is not infinite but by smaller increments beyond our capability of precision?
Great case of "Probably not, but it's fun to think about".
I almost never comment but it makes me giddy to see something I thought about and did not even realize would be taken seriously has already been in the realm for so many years.  I sorta thought like Dicke but adding in the medium part near the end with gravity wells being the medium.  So I thought about have we ever measured the speed of light outside of the suns gravity well or even significantly far from the earths part of it.  It made me wonder if the voyager craft had any way to measure the speed of light as they moved away.  I often wondered if dark matter/energy and cosmological distances might be off do to something like this.
I am thinking more and more that Time really is, just length in the 4th direction (the term Dimension generally invokes some supernatural ethos which I think detracts from seeing it materially).  The point that space can be rotated slightly toward the time direction thus losing some length or distance,  whilst time can be rotated slightly into space thus creating movement (aka gravity) and the loss of that tiny element of time (as it becomes spatial length) shows as dilation….to me says that each of the four joined axis are the same thing.   I mean…we are told endlessly that the fabric is “Space-time”, a continuum,  yet still cling to this idea that time is somehow different and more special than length.  Philosophically considering any existence in theoretical other dimensions must have an ‘extra’ direction to enable change of state or the system becomes fixed.  For us…each 3D spatial arrangement can only be adjusted in state by moving it along the unseen length by one Planck length in the Planck time interval.  If we were instead say 2D flat landers, each small change would show up in the incremental moves ‘upwards’…which could not be seen.  If we were 4D beings I would expect some change in state to manifest along a 5th direction.
2.92 million fools subscribed space time mumbo jumbo. This is why humans are sheeps. He never questions anything. Just obey obey.
THERE IS NO TIME TRAVEL. we humans got duped by einstein scam. Clock may go slower because it feels less gravity but human biological clock is same in universe.   Why? Because we wanted to believe in magic fantasy etc.  Conman always exploit people's weakness  Biological clock is absolute for all lifeforms.  Clock will go slow in  light speed because it may not feel gravity as it speed go up and up. But human age same rate in all frames
The idea that some of these "constants" are actually variable was discussed in a new study suggesting that the universe is 27 and not 13 billion years old: https://youtu.be/hx2uXS4IEoo?t=215
If light has the same speed for all observers, what am I missing when we observe red shift for farther away astronomical objects?
Coba buat biar ngantuk
I loved John Moffatt's seasons of Doctor Who, he really gets the character.
What would it look like if the speed of light had some correlation to the volume of the Universe?
Please cover the superconductor discovery.
Causal connection could have occurred "prior" to the Big Bang, such that what "emanated" from the BB was already homogenized?
we perceive the speed of light as constant its because we measure it based on what we currently have. a limited one. which cannot measure a billions and millions of KMs in space. the difference maybe to negligible since its relatively small as our existence. but in billions, it does matter. just imagine the difference like a precision of a fraction
Could the speed of light just be increasing with the expansion on the universe? Making it go faster than it was, but appear the same speed since it’s growing with the universe
In the matrix there is no spoon.
KJ21 Isaiah 40.22    It is He that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers, who stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in,
Could the density thing be solved somehow via the dark matter theory? Like 80% of our universe is dark matter, the percentage of dark matter could be closely related to the expansion of the universe, there could be 0.1% dark matter before the big bang, then quickly rising during the massive expansion thus increasing the density of our universe and slowing down the speed of light as a result
If you're using speed of light to test the speed of light you'll obviously always get the same answer.
In theory, wouldn’t a rapid decrease in c over time also just straight up BE a dramatic increase in distance? Since it’s the speed of causality, it kinda interacts directly with the very concept of distance
مسكين2 المسكين1…ءءء  SpaceTime➖➕💡⭕️TimeSpace➖➕✖️%⭕️💡  أحمد٦😇🌞🌚⚖️🛸🧲
Just here to drop an entirely uneducated bite of my minuscule understanding of everything, why is it that we understand light bends around large gravity masses, we can split light into different bands, and we know light cannot escape a black hole, so why would it be so surprising that light speed is variable taking into account the sheer amount of mass clumps in our universe? dark matter black matter you know the stuff that makes up Most of the universe that we cannot yet see or study except by its absence.
Wouldn't be surprised if that was the case, we can't even get our math working without imaginary numbers.
Who knows and who cares?
It isn't.  It's affected by gravity and any medium it passes through.
How can you make a vacuum denser?
betelgeuse 530 Light years away, seriously, try looking it up, 30 light years use to be the danger Mark now it is been updated to 300 light years, Betelgeuse is almost double that, it would have ZERO effect, come on, bad comment to have claimed was a good one, not, it was not, there is nothing close enough that is going to go SuperNova to even worry about
we already know it is not, that is why we continue to say the double talk, In a Vacuum, yes, but the world and space is Not a vacuum any where close to Black Holes, Planets and Stars, seriously, it is insulting that people promote it as such, and they are so wise, they do not think of the reverse, what if it is Gravity that slows down that constant,
but then again we don't really have a good explanation for inflation either
Matt + team. You bring astrophysics alive for me. Thank you so much for bringing us these absolute gifts.
What would have caused early universe super position collapse? Wouldn't it be in a completely superpositioned state unable to collapse into state?  Is it possible the information of light to be received instantly if the object producing it isn't measured? Here is an interesting thought experiment. A galaxies light just reaches us  during its entire trip its information would exist in a state of super position of any point on its path. Once originally measure and only during its first initial measurement, the information from start to finish would collapse instantly. Giving a result of any point during its entire point of travel. If this was the case it would be possible to see the stars at real time or any time in between.
If light, or time slow down over time in static universe, for the observer it still would not be possible to distinguish this event from seemingly expanding universe. Under that assumption the other would inevitaebly have to maintain static values, for if it would there been a direct correlation between time and light and as such both would slow down together, then there would be no observable difference and we would thereby observe static closed universe with definite boundaries instead of background that appears to be "speeding away" from us.  Could it then be possible that light itself slows down, or time slows down over time instead of universe expanding? This would in turn possibly eliminate some apparent dilemmas, for example the dark matter and energy which are just as far as I understand naming conventions used for presumed, or yet undiscovered parts in calculation, which can be anything, or nothing at all.  Speaking purely hypothetically here ofc. Maybe it was explained in some sentence here or in some other video, however I was as of late quite busy at my job and have slight attention deficit issues as a result. If so, can someone just point me out to the answer? Much appreciated.
Bob Lazar
Matt, love the video as always. but I thought you skipped over some of the more compelling evidence for VSL (or at least the most compelling reasons to be skeptical that GR has everything correct)  So here are the things I wished you had at least acknowledged: - Why did you not address that it is actually allowable to utilize a variable speed of light within relativistic equations? - And why did you not address that you can actually derive the same answers from relativistic equations, whether using either a constant speed of light or multiple values for speed of light - as long as they average out to the round trip speed of the currently accepted value of "c"? - In addition, why would you not mention that it is actually impossible to determine if the speed of light changes depending on multiple factors (such as, direction of travel relative to the observer or disturbances of quantum fields along the path of travel)?  (in fact, the impossibility of measurement is mostly due to the constraints you mentioned, that our concepts of units of time and space are directly linked with the observed round-trip speed of light)
The ONLY constant in the universe is change. The speed of light is dependent on the permittivity and permeability of free space. Light traveled faster in the early universe because space was denser and had more electrical energy in which to propagate electromagnetic waves.
Love this channel, love Physics.
If the speed of light slowed down compared to space, would then the mass of fast objects increase (because their speed would get closer to the speed of light)?  (IIRC causality has come under scrutiny in the past years, at least on quantum scale)
Could light behaving like a wave in an early denser universe be analog to sound wave traveling faster in water than air due to a quantum phenomenon that eludes us? Btw, I'm not a scientist, so be  kind and take care.
Fun Fact: We know only the round-trip speed of light. For all we know, light could be faster on the way to than fro. Also, we're going to increase the speed of light in the 31st century.
Defining the meter and the second in terms of the speed of light is a recent development. A choice that was made. Before that I believe the second was connected to the decay of cesium, and before that it was 1/86400 of the average time it takes the sun to return to the same place in the sky. So the argument that we wouldn't notice a change in the speed of time seems wrong... although I understand that the speeds of time and speed of light are directly linked through relativity. In this regard I'm curious that you didn't mention that gravity would be stronger if the speed of light was slower, as they are linked the same way as the speed of time.  Seems like a significant effect, especially cosmologically...
Why can't we suppose that homogeneity of matter spread at distances which prohibit communication between its parts was due to quantum entanglement?
Can anyone help explain what we would see if time ticked slower in the early universe. As mentioned in the video, time moves slower in a gravity well, so the early universe must have had much high gravity than the distibuted mass we have today (potentially near infinite at the big bang). So if we accept time moved slower in the early universe and is moving faster now, when we look back in time to the very early universe via JWT, are we not looking at time passing slower? Would light be more red shifted because time moved slower back then than it does today?
Next talk I wish to hear is "What if the Wavelength of Light gets longer with Age?"    Although I left physics half a century ago,  the question still bugs me.   Thank you for your interesting talks.
3:05 SI defines the second in terms of Cs-133's ground-state hyperfine transition radiation.  The meter is defined in terms of the speed of light and the second.  The 2018 redefinition defines constants rather than units.  A variable speed of light becomes a variable meter length.  SI is going to have to work hard if, by unlikely chance, the speed of light is variable. 4:10 Several possibilities give several results.  If the Coulomb force constant remains unchanged when the speed of light changes, the dominant interaction in atomic and molecular physics remains unchanged.  The speed of light change is unambiguously measurable in that case.  (The second might change, though, since the cesium radiation depends on the magnetic force as well as the electric force.)
I'm not 100% certain if the "it needs to be at least as good as our current theories" axiom is fully true.  Meat-alternatives didn't have to be "at least as good" to get off the ground either. All it took was enough people believing enough in the concept to start improving on it
Since the speed of light is a factor involved in energy-matter calculations, would this also mean we would see inconsistent results in fission/fusion reactor energy outputs? Would we even be able to detect this variation? If so, could this be a way to experimentally disprove these theories?   You could also observe the behaviour of primordial stars. The proposed increased speed of light would result in massively increased energy outputs for these early stars. Or these suggestions could be deeply flawed since, as you mentioned, the laws of physics would look very different.  The speed of light is tied to so many different aspects of physics that it opens up a pretty big can of worms.
Speed of light depends on the medium it’s moving through, and since light has to move through something, its speed will always differ
Do you have any thoughts about the VSL theory of João Magueijo?
I understand that it's difficult, but I do appreciate you, and others, going to the effort to make this information understandable to 'lay' persons such as myself.
Les mesures de c ne sont jamais discordantes. Ce n'est pas le cas de G, la constante gravitationnelle, qu'en plus on ne sait pas mesurer dans le microcosme. Certainement une meilleure piste comme constante variant pendant l'évolution de l'univers. Surtout si la gravité est considérée comme émergente.
The voice recording sounds unusual in this video. It's got weird synthetic artifacts to it.
In fact the speed of light isn't constant, unless spacetime is flat.
I love how you seem to imply cosmic inflation used to explain CMB isotropy.. is not a completely ridiculous idea.  Cosmic inflation is orders of magnitude more ridiculous than anything else discussed in this video, including VSL, breaking Lorenz invariance, etc. Cosmic inflation is the single most ridiculous idea in cosmology and the fact that anybody accepts it makes the whole field come into question.
Broke: "The rate of expansion of the universe is increasing" Woke: "The rate of expansion of the universe is constant, the rate of time is decreasing"
Love seeing my teenage notions being discussed seriously. Funny how dumb I was told this notion was. Arrogance limits physics
If the speed of light can change, doesn't that mean that the Planck Constants can also change?
If the speed of light is fundamental to the current universe and there are theories that the speed of light has changed then the universe must have been different early on eg the fine structure constant. If thats the case then there would be evidence in the microwave background not to mention random anomalies in spectrometers once in a while from distant objects to suggest such a thing is possible. We would see it just looking up at the night sky. Its a theory. If we don't see any evidence its nothing more than a theory. I had a theory that my calligraphy teacher wanted to have sex with me when I was 13. I was undergoing puberty. It was nothing more that a theory that I wanted to believe
If the light is the only thing that's not moving, what is matter, that seems the only thing to move and have permanency?
Time is used in the measure of speed, time is not constant, so speed cannot be constant, period
time is not perfect
The speed of light is a constant the speed of time is not.
The speed of light isn't constant.  Because time itself isn't constant. In fact Time, Space and Gravity are actually the same. All 3 are a byproduct of the universal constant. My hypothesisis is known as #Triangularhypothesisis So basically in layman's terms works like this. The more mass a object has the slower space and yes time a.k.a universal constant a.k.a dark energy. Flows quite literally through it and us. With out the the universal expansion a.k.a dark energy a.k.a universal constant. Time, gravity and space don't exist. Which is for the record what's in a black hole. I prefer using different terminology. I call them #hypervaccums Anyways inside these hyper vaccums. Time gravity and space does not exist. Literally a patch in our universe that theoretically if someone could get close enough without dying. You would instantly end up millions of miles away from where you entered  cause like I said. No space no time no gravity. Nope nothing but fundamental particles being sling shot across ((through)) the black hole. The Singularity is farce. I don't really feel like going deeper on why on a message board cuz it's complicated.
What is a souper fluid? Is chicken broth a souper fluid? I am hungry. I would like some of that souper fluid, I think it would go well with my lunch.
I like fun and mental fizz icks. I almost decided to become a fizzy cyst when I was in college, I should've done it.
Light is only visible in resistance. You can't see light passing through space. Lightning burns through atmospheres. Light burns through a filament. Resistance produces light. Light is absorbed by mass as heat. Heat is lost by mass. Light refraction off mass is when it is repelled as heat. Temperature is various degrees of pressure circulation or releasing in equalization to resistance. Mass occupies space as space in equalization to pressure of forced pressure cycling circulation patterns as mass. Hydrogen expands under extreme pressure into helium. Helium occupies more space as cold resistance within equalization of pressure of thermaldynamics. Mass neutralizes resistance within it as repulsion to thermaldynamics pressure. Occupational space is resistance neutralized. Time is point to point occupational space interactions between forward momentum propulsion from repulsion. Perpetual motion. Hydrogen is hotter than helium. Helium occupies more cold space within it. Hydrogen cycling circulation path is faster than helium on the quatum scale. Vibrations settle into the weakest point of resistance. Law of physics.  The greater mass of neutralized resistance within is the weakest point of resistance. We vibrate towards the weakest point of resistance until resistance can't be overcome. Mass is equal to resistance within and without. That's why density or weight doesn't have anything to do with falling faster. The force of resistance within and without mass is always equal. Thermaldynamics in the greater mass is redirected trajectories reducing distances according to their resistance equalization to mass. Space  time is how long interactions of exchanges in occupational space. Thermaldynamics and cold resistance coexist. Mass is gelatin by thermaldynamics and cold resistance equalization of pressure. Forced fields of pressure cycling circulation patterns as mass in unification of unidirectional flow cycling thermaldynamics in resistance equalization. Hurricanes equalization.  Tornadoes equalization. Lightning equalization. Pressure is the cosmic speed limit in maximum momentum velocity in resistance as a constant in and out of entanglement of mass. Distance is reduced by redirected trajectories of thermaldynamics. Liquidity to illusionary solidity. Forced fields of pressure holding pressure as mass. Heat loss is decay. Heat expands cold resistance into equalization of pressure in mass. Mass loses heat. Stars replenish heat. Light is absorbed as heat. Temperature equalization is neutralized pressure within mass in resistance. Conservation of maximum momentum velocity in resistance is constant cosmic speed limit in and out of entanglement. Distance is reduced by redirected cycling circulation patterns. Outward pressure of force from repulsion of cold resistance within mass. Mass neutralizes resistance. Making mass the weakest point of resistance. Proximity mass is repelled towards the weakest point of resistance. If gravity pulls on mass, then mass with more weight would pull harder and faster. That doesn't happen because cold resistance is neutralized equalization within and without mass. Spheres are proof of pressure in resistance to cold space. When mass loses heat it decays. Decay is more geling. Adding more mass with higher resistance within gels thermaldynamics. Liquidity as illusionary solidity.
This channel is last thing I like about youtube
Speed of light is definitely variable judging by all the different opinions of people watching the same thing. Now this statement should pass any peer review.
1:13 "This same axiom is also fundamental to general relativity..."  PATENTLY FALSE. General relativity invalidates it in anything but flat spacetime (hint: there's no such thing as flat spacetime in the real world)  Here's 5 Different quotes from Einstein REJECTING the validity of constancy:  “However, the writer of these lines is of the opinion that the theory of relativity is still in need of generalization, in the sense that the principle of the constancy of the velocity of light is to be abandoned”.  “The theory presently called "the theory of relativity" is based on the assumption that there are somehow preexisting "privileged" reference systems K with respect to which the laws of nature take on an especially simple form, even though one raises in vain the question of what could bring about the privilegings of these reference systems K as compared with other (e.g.,"rotating") reference systems K'. This constitutes, in my opinion, a serious deficiency of this theory. These privileged reference systems are postulated as those with respect to which the principle of the constancy of the velocity of light in a vacuum is to be valid. There can be no doubt that this principle is of far-reaching significance; and yet, I cannot believe in its exact validity. It seems to me unbelievable that the course of any process (e.g., that of the propagation of light in a vacuum) could be conceived of as independent of all other events in the world. But whatever one may think of such arguments, it is in any case interesting to pose the question: To what extent is it possible to build a theory of relativity that does not have the constancy of the velocity of light as its foundation? [..] In the case where we drop the postulate of the constancy of the velocity of light, there exists, a priori, no privileged coordinate systems.”  — clarifying the quote above, he's saying removing light speed constancy resolves the problematic issues and fixes the "serious deficiency" The “privileged” systems he refers to are FLAT spacetime —  “On the other hand, the empirical fact that all bodies fall equally fast in a gravitational field suggests the idea that physical processes occur in exactly the same way in a gravitational field as they do relative to an accelerated reference system (equivalence hypothesis). Having taken this idea as a basis, I arrived at the result that the velocity of light is not to be regarded as independent of the gravitational potential. Thus, the principle of the constancy of the velocity of light is incompatible with the equivalence hypothesis; for this reason, the theory of relativity in the narrower sense cannot be brought into agreement with the latter. In this way I was led to view the theory of relativity in the narrower sense as valid only for regions within which there are no noticeable differences in the gravitational potential.”  “In the second place our result shows that, according to the general theory of relativity, the law of the constancy of the velocity of light in vacuo, which constitutes one of the two fundamental assumptions in the special theory of relativity and to which we have already frequently referred, cannot claim any unlimited validity”.  “Second, this consequence shows that the law of the constancy of the speed of light no longer holds, according to the general theory of relativity, in spaces that have gravitational fields. As a simple geometric consideration shows, the curvature of light rays occurs only in spaces where the speed of light is spatially variable. From this it follows that the entire conceptual system of the theory of special relativity can claim rigorous validity only for those space-time domains where gravitational fields (under appropriately chosen coordinate systems) are absent. The theory of special relativity, therefore, applies only to a limiting case that is nowhere precisely realized in the real world."  The Collected Papers of Albert Einstein, Volume 7: The Berlin Years: Writings, 1918-1921 (English translation supplement), p 140  12:12 "The basic self consistency of the universe and the causal ordering of events is -in short -  under Lorentz Invariance. Break it and it's pretty easy to come up with nonsensical scenarios in which different observers have irreconcilable disagreements about the outcomes of events"  FALSE. The many layers of presumption here are absolutely ridiculous. Causal issues are only a problem from the space-time conjoinment presumption created by Minkowski in 1907. THAT, however, is merely the mathematical structure of isotropic constancy. Nothing more! It's a geometrical expression of the assumption of constancy! Without FIRST presuming constancy is true by adopting the spacetime convention, violation of Lorentz invariance has NO strange effects any more than breaking the sound barrier will causa anything other than strange PERCEPTIONS of a unified reality.  ...and guess what. Lorentz invariance worked in the mechanical light wave theory of Fitzgerald Larmor and Lorentz just fine because constancy was always assumed to be the illusion IT WAS DESIGNED TO BE for the 15 years it existed mathematically before 1905.  The problem is the TELEPHONE GAME!! You people don't study history so you keep mutating the facts for a doggone century and now it's not even close to the truth anymore. Pick up a book. Read an original account. Stop taking the word of a guy who took the word of a guy, of a guy, of a guy, of a guy, of another dude, who's pretty sure he heard.  Jesus people! This isn't hard. We have the internet now. Take some personal responsibility. Read original papers. Get to the historical root!  You don't have to be spoon fed by a priest of the faith. It's okay! You can read the original "scripture." They aren't allowed to burn you at the stake anymore for daring to think the priesthood is a bunch of idiots that got it wrong.
Love the t-shirt! Also a bit scary, being that a concrete possibility for the end of time!!
Bean
Could it be that the speed of the "propagation" of light is dependent on the quantum medium(Higgs Field) it is traversing.
In how the Fine Structure Constant expresses the strength of electromagnetism, does it's value change depending on the activity in a given region of space? I.E. with Quasars for example having extreme EM flux, the overall strength or energy density increases. Then over in Boötes Void -- or any low activity region -- the strength being at a much lower threshold.
The idea of the speed of light being very fast in the early universe, and gradually slowing down, presents a new, and interesting end to our universe....  The causality death of the universe!  Maybe the speed of light was infinite at the moment of the big bang, and will eventually slow down to zero. Meaning at the very end, nothing will be able to move anymore.
Our definition of distance right now is sort of artificially based on the speed of light. We just sort of set it to that afterwards, to get a precise definition of a meter.  But if the speed of light ended up being variable, we'd probably have to change how we define distance.  Saying that thinking about a variable speed of light is meaningless because our current definition of distance is based on it, assuming it was constant, is kind of closed minded.
***PLEASE CONSIDER THIS QUESTION***  which is from a layman's perspective.  It seems that the Big Bang is the introduction of space.  In this video you mentioned the notion that there is a quanta of space.  Suppose that space is created or added at a constant rate/unit of time.  Time varies with proximity to gravitational sources (per GR).  Therefore the further from gravitational sources an area of space is, the "faster" time passes.  So in areas between Cosmic Filaments, time would be faster relative to us nearer to gravitational sources.  Therefore units of space per unit of time created would be greater, which would appear to us as an acceleration of the addition of new space.  My math skills are too weak to crunch the numbers on this, but if you could offer your opinion, I would appreciate it.
Is vacuum constant in space? Also is there different viscosities in space?
It’s not. It changed in the 1960’s by roughly 12 miles an hour I believe.  The office of measurement changed the definition to allow for this
If the speed of light was different in different parts of the universe wouldn't stars in different parts of the universe give out different amounts of energy since the value of C squared would be different
If it's a validation that causality exists in the way physics this days says, and we as observers are all human, wouldn't that mean that we should also look into psychology when people don't agree? What if the act of pathologizing someone who lets say disagrees mostly woth what other people see as causality, is the only way of verifying that causality - aka speed of light - exists. Hope you understand what I'm trying to say, and I'm just spinning some thoughts xD
When I do physics the speed of light is always 1. It's much easier that way.
Now tell that to Falsitasium.
what would you say If I told you, I can manipulate gravity, light and time.
It feels like the universe is a huge math problem where all the C's cancel each other out.   Like C is just a useful tool describing the relationship between things but when everything is included, you can cancel all the C's out without changing anything. So the idea of "changing" C makes no sense, like changing the relationship between 2 and 10.
Speed of light depends on speed of causality in the vacuum. At big bang, there was no vacuum as we know it. Expansion said to be faster than speed of light, therefore not dependent on subsequent causal conditions. No?
There are seven types of colours in white rays I think all rays might be Of different speed s if Frequency and amplitude are variable s.
possible thoughts E=mCn1xn2 light speeds for Planck lengths movements 3° of separation..... In  neutrinos acceleration SuperLuminary speeds escaping from a black HOLE
There was no light in the early universe
I’d tried to find the answer to this just a few weeks ago, awesome
Bad news travels faster than light
Recap video of the UAP Congressional hearing today?!? 🙏   Would love the PBS Space Time/Matt's take on what was discussed.   First time commenter long time watcher - trusted accessible science to the rescue!    It the testimony is credible, how does that change things?
Question: I am wondering why you never mentioned the classical definition for the speed of light;   c^2 = 1/(dielectric permeability * magnetic permeability). What if these permeability constants in a vacuum are different in different parts of the universe and different at earlier times when the density was different?  Discuss why this is so difficult to determine and how it might be observationally determined. Also, no discussion on the propagation speed of light in mediums?  Keep up the good work, just up the technical level. Thanks
About head-on collisions of black holes: They being singularities, wouldn't they just pass right through each other, with a temporarily enlarged event horizon? Or is there some relativity-magic going on here?
If we had a clock that didn't rely on space for measuring time (eg, a quantum clock), would Einstein's assertions about time dilation at the speed of light still stand? I don't understand why time itself is supposed to be changed just because our ability to compute it (because of our instrumentation) is compromised.
Could VLC imply that the universe doesn't/has never expanded?
Was it true that Einstein said time is just a persistent illusion?
Who is the other "champion" next to Einstein?
Is it faster than the speed of love?  B. Griffin
What is if the change of c is coupled to change of e in the manner that alpha stays constant?
Thought around the 12:30 mark: If the entire universe was once a mathematical point, light would move everywhere in zero time, so the speed of causality would literally be instantaneous. Since cause is inevitably tied to effect, once the expansion began, and the velocity of causation would necessarily move from undefined to a measurable value, which in itself is a major reduction in velocity. If the universe goes from causation happening in zero time into a measurable rate, is the velocity of causation then digital, either infinite or a set value - in zero time?   Perhaps the biggest sticking point is Inflation, which as yet is still unexplainable. But if the constants weren't actually constants until the end of the primary inflation period, call it a shakedown cruise, then the rules we now observe may have taken time to settle in. In that case, the math of today's physics may not have applied at the time. The size of a folded letter is indeterminate until it's fully unfolded, then it can be fully measured.   Matt smokes me in terms of education and understanding, I know that, but as an electronics tech who's worked with radio and multiplexing extensively, I know one thing: Digital's better for processing, but digital doesn't exist in the Real World(tm). That makes a digital switch from infinite to the current value pretty suspect, I think some analog thinking may be in order. "Digital is artificial" is a pretty good rule of thumb to follow, so why's it a problem to call the expansion period a transition period, where everything that was once undefined slowly became defined, relatively speaking? If the universe were digital, there wouldn't be an expansion period at all, just a transition from a point source to everything that exists, pretty much at the distances set by the end of the theoretical expansion period, and slowly growing at C.   These aren't conclusions for me, either. I may be dead wrong, but I've never heard it considered in the terms I laid out. If early C had been constant since ignition, why didn't expansion follow a flat transition on the timeline? We know that the velocity of causation went from infinite to this, but we're puzzled because the behavior doesn't match the math. The universe can't be wrong, therefore the problem lies in the...
There's a great video by veritasium about how the speed of light could be different depending on the direction the light is moving.
2023/07/25 11:38 MST: I'm not going to watch this yet. If c is not constant, then our measurements that have been converted to fractions of c are no longer reliable. (Length, specifically, as it factors into volumes and fields. Density, because of volume. Magnetic field strength and e-m distance stuff. etc.)  My primary reason for not watching is that I strongly disagree with setting the meter as a set fraction of c. I have been against this since before I learned (2016) that c was set as exactly 29979.... m/s. For me, this was the same as deciding that pi was exactly 3.14159265. The disagreements over length of c/sec between locations where we were measuring c told me that we were missing something vital.  (My oither major complaint was that any change in c would be ignored until things (stuff? events? situations?) started going wrong. My minor complaint is that setting a specific c value feels like that process of setting some aspect of a problem to zero, in order to simplify calculations.)  That said, I will start the video (to put it in my history) and upvote (because I think more info is better).
What physicists have missed is: The causality field is c^2 ≈ 1 foot^2/nanosec/nanosec,  which is the same rate of expansion everywhere; c = √c^2 ≈ 1 foot/nanosec is the same in all directions  (Michelson & Morley only tested two orthogonal directions); Simulations of cellular automata on a simple grid give different light speeds  along the grid diagonals than along its axes (which Michelson & Morley would not have noticed); Changes in time imply changes in distance . (1 foot ≈ 1 light nanosec),
🤔
Maybe Relativity *is* the final theory and it’s Quantum Mechanics that needs to fold into it. 🤔
that's the thing, light's speed must be variable in some way. it's a particle with variable energy, and so the speed must be variable as well.
Did everyone on the planet 'Earth'  forget what '=' stands for?  The light can't achieve the 'C' Just can't for our goddamn math we figured out. if matter is energy i can do all the equations u want but i still finish up with SOMETHING. Not space..  Ah.. it all colapses if u finally get to the brains that Spacetime is a single thing and matter is just a solidified form of it. U can get an infinity of small thing from a single thing >.>  I need help xD
That is my favourite of your shirts to date. By far.
blocked nose episode!!
The only fundamental Constant is not the speed of Light, or even gravity.  The only Constant is Reality it's Self. *You*
Okay but what about black holes?
If the universe is finite and earth is at the center, then we sit at the center of a gravitational well. Thus light travels faster falling toward us. This could solve the distant starlight problem found in both Big Bang and Creation cosmology.
Speed is in reference of distance covered in a amounts of time. Time changes due to gravitational forces? So then the speed of light should not be constant. Everytime it gets near or moves away from a gravitational force then the timeframe should change.  But I'm not a scientist, I'm just listening to the words.
Best science content on YouTube, hands down
The speed of light is the speed of time. You can't slow the speed of light to slow time, but you can slow time to slow the speed of light. If you just slowed light (like in a nuclear reactor pool) it doesn't slow time.
It changes when traveling through different mediums, right? What if the medium - space-time - is changing as the universe expands?
It's been proven decades ago that light is a type of wave, and as the universe expands, the speed and length of light waves can change.
No subtitles? :(
On the topic of this video, my only question was what about the extreme case of inside the singularly of a black hole.  If C varried there then i'd assume that the rest of the universe would be shielded by the singularity. Additionally if we assume that the early universe contained all the mass of the universe, such a singularity would also bind it, and if C varried there we wouldnt see its effects untill the singularity was breached. (This is kind of an issue i have with the big bang, is how did all that mass breach the singularity. Unless some strange event somehow unbound the physics holding rhe universe together.)
immediately following the big bang could the space occupied by the resultant mass even be referred to as a vacuum? how densely packed was the resultant primordial goop of the universe
Before i finish the video, i would like to say i would imagine light at a certian point be relative to space /time if traveling faster than the speed of light, the light emited would probably be equivalent to throwing out trash from the window on a freeway. Like a doplar effect.
I saw a YouTube video recently that explainedHow Einstein came to solve the relationship of light/matter in E=mc2 they talk about relativity and dilation in pretty simple terms while shooting the proof using well know physics titled "Deriving Einstein's most famous equation: Why does energy = mass x speed of light squared?"
Your pronunciation of "João Magueijo" was awful, it was very different than what it should be. Tip: Write "João Magueijo" in google translator and let google speak it in portuguese, it gives the correct pronunciation.
yea, big deal, i am talking about it for decades: speed of light could not be a constant... and never was...so all calculations and all math what is behind modern physic are wrong or false...
Has anyone actually measured the one-way speed of light????
dat cookies logo thumbnail lol
Not convinced!
That 4 sided cube rotating the 5 letter word SPACE....broke my brain.
EVERYONE SKIPS THE FACT THAT CONSTANT LIGHT IS ONLY TRUE ON PAPER.  NO ONE HAS EVER OBSERVED CONSTANT LIGHT.  THE TRANSFORM EQUATIONS CREATE THAT!
Well, we know that back when the universe was hot enough that the forces were combined, maybe that did something to C just until it cooled off??
has anyone put forward that "c" is connected to the background quantum vacuum field energy state? it could explain how "c" was faster during inflation and how it is what it is now, if the energy state fell to present at that time. it would also suggest that the energy density of spacetime is what needs to be changed to travel faster than "c" .that could possibly be tested within high energy beams.
It isn't. The only time the speed of light is a thing is when it's in a vacuum.
This explains why kids need to sit against the TV. It's taking the light longer and they are less patient.
I got a surprise for you: it is not constant. Just by fabric of space alone twisting, speed of light can not be constant
In these videos, everytime Matt says "Particle" I like to imagine he's saying "Potticle" (which is a very small pot, i.e. a thimble).  Then he excuses himself from the room to pass a fotticle.
The speed of light being a constant makes zero sense to me.        We are moving in a chaotic way inside of the Universe.  At speeds that could be in the millions of Km/s range.    So us having a constant meaning every time we measured it... it was the same then by itself wouldn't that mean that light speed should be relative to us???
Space and time are relative, so speed is relative, unless you're measuring a photon.
I have a question about the section concerning the refractive index of the Universe :) Is it possible that the percieved refractive index is caused by the gravity of tightly concentrated spherical packed material of the early Universe? Could it be some sort of 4D gravitational lensing? Many thanks for your videos.
I hope Matt gets time to consider Zwicky’s tired light theory and how it relates to the change in the fundamental constants and the age of the universe - Gupta's model suggests the universe could be 26.7 billion years old not 13.7 which could explain the recent JWST images of ancient galaxies.
There is no 100% in nature (not even a 2nd dimension for that matter), so why assume anything is constant...
Everybody knows light moves slower in water, glass, or any other transparent fluid or object. Its hardly a constant if it can be changed by fluids. Also just a reminder that space is FILLED with fluids and nebulas, all of which cause light to move slower. So honestly the whole speed of light thing is mostly useless.
I wrote a theory a long time ago, in which light had a variance of speed, and that we have the illusion that the speed of light does not vary because light speed doesn't vary in our solar system, and probably not significantly in the Milky Way galaxy. The greatest variances would be in the most distant empty spaces between galaxies in the Voids. I probably was criticized more for that than maybe anything. Then I added 170 illustrations, and then the criticisms changed to, interesting idea. In a nutshell, I believe there is background distortion in various quantities at locations throughout our universe. The early universe didn't have such distortion and consequently, a higher rate of light speed. It's this background distortion that knots up the speed of light. It's also a factor of time, so in many ways, it does not affect the speed of light, but it affects the speed of time light is traveling through.
If C changes and epsilon changes depending on local spacetime, then we might see the evidence. Though personally I don't think that c is very variable (you need as Matt mentioned 10^30 change to explain horizon problem).
does the speed of light change when entering a black hole?
I would love to see a video that goes over Retrocausality interpretations of quantum mechanics - possibly the Bohm model?
Why could Lorenz Invariance, kick in after inflation slows?
Funny ... I have always felt that an expanding universe can't be right and always figured we just don't understand the universal constants well enough.
I was watching how the universe works tv show and suddenly... Matt appeared. I was just like Leo DiCaprio mene pointing at my tv.
Sounds like a trick question 🙃
Speaking of the speed of light, can you discuss the Lorentz Ether Theory interpretation of Lorentz transformation? Can you touch on why it's different from the Special Relativity interpretation? I think it has a variant speed of light but invariant space and time. https://arxiv.org/pdf/physics/0604207.pdf
This helped me to understand cosmic inflation for the first time! Coming at it from the point of view of why a simpler/more intuitive theory cannot fully explain our observations worked for me.
It isn't constant. It's only considered a constant for simplicity. This is a very easy thing to verify
Does cosmological redshift imply an expanding universe, or could there be other effects that cause photons to lose energy over distance or time?
at 0:42, shouldn't the smoothy be following a parabolic path wrt an outside observer?
What if i accelerated towards a beam of light ; will it blue shift and subsequently have more energy than it should and what energy will the inertial observer measure???
Great video, keep the hard work
Okay, so after finding billions or possibly just one thousand million neutrinos are passing through my fingernail, I've fin. Look, if it's passing through someone else's fingernail, do I have to compensate for thinness and thickness of mine, assuming I have any? No. Good. Yeah, apparently there needed to be something appropriate to put in that empty space, like width when its all linear, or something. No, I don't imagine that I'd actually start cutting out the letters of this comment, rearranging them, and attempting to piece it back together from linear letters. What do you think  primary school is for? Also, what went in that double wide gap? Thinking about how much time, energy, and me.
Just for fun, what would happen if the speed of light did keep slowing down all the way to 0. I'm assuming no change could happen since nothing can interact with anything else? Like a heat death only light death? Lol
Time dilation depends not only on the speed. We know speed slows down the time and the quantum mechanical processes if one is not in the same reference frame. So if the observer is not accelerated with in the capsule with the clock. Gravity slows down the speed and with it also the time and with it also the quantum mechanical processes. The problem is that the observer cannot be separated from the reference frame of the capsule with the clock because they are always in the same gravitational reference frame. The only thing what one can conclude from this is, if we look on a black hole we see nothing because by the high gravitation the time was slowed down in relation to our observer point of view so far that the running time of the event needs much longer to us than an event on same distance with much less gravitation.
So, the reason why the universe (This might go on Doctor Becky's videos if I can find someplace that isn't full of supermassive black holes and spiders) has this weird [this] thing where inflation happened very rapidly is bec [o] because someone or something decided to ask (or ran into) a region of space that was completely homogeneous to the point that the universe in that region has no way to tell (yet) how far apart anything is, or how long it took for something to happen. It's the spooky action at a distance, writ large, because the universe is just one big happy particle wave thingamajig that has its head up its own self-similar backside, and probably isn't happy about it.                                                                                                                                                                        Yeah, so apparently, calculations go in the black hole whitespace above here.
So if space was compressed at the BigBang then wouldn't the CMB expand with it, riding the edges ?  And if Space Time is only stretching and deforming not being created then at the beginning of the universe light would have had less distance in which to travel.
Since (c/1)*(1/c) will always equal 1 whether c is one or a trillion why even bring it up? There are other suitably reliable metrics to address the question such as orbital seconds, AU's, etc.
The Fine Structure Constant at 11:00 is a poor argument as h*c -has- remained constant. Since both are multiplied in the denominator it also fails to address the possibility of a historical increase in h.
My take on the birth of the universe  = the universe possibly started by a giant super atomic 2Collision
M87 Blackhole jets move at 7 X the speed of light, so I think that light speed cannot be constant.
Key words current methods.
So before the Big bang everything was touching or within reach for causality to make everything homogeneous and then everything started expanding and became far apart for the information to travel and keep everything homogenized. The theories are that the universe expanded faster than the speed of light and then slowed down or that the speed of light was faster and then slowed down. But why are we thinking of the early universe as a vacuum? Light travels slower through a denser medium, and the early expanding universe was dense and hot before it spread out enough to cool down, so then wouldn't light travel more slowly through the early, dense universe, thus causing the information to not be able to travel as fast and the universe to differentiate? Then by the time the universe spread out and cooled to form a vacuum for light to be able to travel faster through, the distances were too great?
Its an old constant that dropped out of the eletronic activity of younger-species' brains when trying to calculate Pi as a true value during mechanics calculations, it may be a form of exhaust, possibly.
So like a computer clock speed?(CPU clock)
We need a new equation for speed  since speed clearly doesn’t equal distance over time with relativity considered.  Currently, it is paradoxical if I were in fact able to travel to a point a light year away nearly instantly from my perspective at very near the speed of light.  I wouldn’t even need to pack a lunch.
The first one to deal with variable speed (VSL) of light was - surprise -  Albert Einstein in 1911. You have to look up Wikipedia earlier than March 20, 2021 for the references:https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Variable_speed_of_light&oldid=1013191848. A playlist about various aspects of VSL is this: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFdjtNRUXCljnKJLKxN9oS2m6MbMbQPQf
oh my! Some 10 years ago I borrowed a book about VLC from the library in college where the author explained his theory and said it was rather false, but discussed its possible effects! I was captivated by this book! And now I have such a flashback to my days studying physics! What a great episode!
Maybe it is only on mine pc, but the sound when talking is like robotic somehow... Great work afterthat!
Speed of light changing? No. The real question is whether or not gravitational waves are permanent space time structures or merely transients. The assumption is the latter, but if that is true it means gravitational waves must travel through time rather than in zero time. It means that gravity must be proven to distribute useful energy into non-useful energy - i.e. entropy. Black holes appear to concentrate energy into an ordered state but Hawking radiation suggests that this ordered state slowly degrades over time. The question remains, "Do gravitational fields experience entropy or do they exist and travel in zero time?" According to QM field theory they should do both ...
I'm no scientist. But when describing the speed of light at 2:28 C= maximum speed of information, I wondered. Does quantum entanglement pairing count as sharing information? As it seems like some information must be imparted for them to change states simultaneously. If so would be faster than the speed of light? And perhaps spooky action at a distance could have had  unknown effects in the past.
Thank you,. What if a frog had wings?
of course its not constant easy
I still don't always get how we hold the speed of light as constant, yet we acknowledge doppler shift from other stars. Also, you say constant speed of light is cleaner wrt the expanding universe theory, yet then you're left having to account for "dark energy" which is way more complicated cause we don't even know what we're dealing with.
I do appreciate and enjoy your videos
Hello  I have a couple of questions  , if we were traveling at a great speed  and turn on our headlight  how would light know to slow down  to not to exceed the speed of light?  Next electromagnetic spectrum  do all levels of the spectrum travel at same rate?   And space time I don't believe are connected    the theory about Bob and Alice  one in a rocket traveling  one aging faster than the other  theory was proven with atomic clocks but what if gravy does affect the speed of electricity along with light not space?
I believe that variable speed of light can only occur when you think about space time expansion. If you take two points in space at a relative big distance and then take into account the speed of the expansion between the 2 points, isn't the effective speed of light( or causality) between them changing ? Sure the speed of light in itself doesn't change, the space light has to travel does but doesn't this raise some question regarding the early universe?  can't theories like horizon problem be explained this way? or does it raise some contradiction because you would have to calculate the rate of expansion between those 2 points over time which is a measurement that can get contradictory in itself since space, time and the speed of light are all co-dependent ?
Brilliant
When talking about when atoms had been so close the regulate a buoyant temperature with each other. Made me think of quantum entanglement. So two atoms let's say get quantum entangled when they had been close. Now after great expansion they are in different galaxies but still quantum entangled. Wondering now if there's a breaking point for quantum entanglement between two atoms. Otherwise we could in theory do Morris code at FTL speeds with the quantum entanglement. Granted having two parties on each end of each atom to observe the dots and dashes as really highly unlikely.
Hello, tank you for this video. Why don't you quote from Jean-Pierre PETIT's JANUS cosmological model? Because you don't know it, or because you dispute it ? I see that you quote MOFFAT and MAGUEIJO, who only mention a variability of c only, which leads to aberrations : JPP makes all the constants vary jointly : c, G, h, e, m, μ, a, t
If we could ever measure the one way speed of light maybe it would vary in a direction but never round trip. How could that be done?
Doctor Ron L. Mallet seems to believe that high energy light moving in circles can manipulate gravity, and thus manipulate time, allowing us to build a kind of "time phone" that can call the past, yet only as far back as when the time phone was first turned on. Can you please go over the science of how this time phone would work? Maybe a three part series on how to build such a device?
How common is it for a star to catch a planet from another star system? With most systems their planets are formed from the leftover matter from the formation of their stars; how would we detect planets with a different makeup to our own?
Why would light need to be faster in the past!? The very energy that propelled the faster than light expansion of the universe would also be responsible for the uniform distribution of the universe, I believe.
Matt always has great t-shirts.
Very Interesting! I also would like to know if there's some inconsistent aspect  about the idea that light speed is just a side effect of space hyperbolic curvature, as astrum resumed very well: https://youtu.be/A-1n-05Xu6Y?list=PLDOoLkl4rmX4XeA851aDZ_Yq93SssGFgU
If light could change speed, wouldn't that be acceleration? Could it be that light acts more like a newtonian object then?
0:36 Correction: according to a person standing on a platform smoothie will follow a parabolic trajectory, not a "diagonal".
Here is a video I would like to see: Using sound as the only measurement/detection sense, can you prove an object is traveling beyond the speed of sound and then how that can be applied to light to ensure there is nothing traveling actually breaking the speed of light.
Sir, it's OK to go grey and bald.
Interesting matter. It has me rememebered to one problem which I still do not understand at all and I think it would be also worth of some video (if there has not been such in the past :-) ). It would be the discussion of the - from my point of view - fundamental disaggreement of quantum theory with the theory of relativity according to the of the maximum speed of any moving object (zero or non-zero mass)...   If we know from Heisenberg, there is an uncertainity in the determination of the speed and position at the same moment... Isn't it so, the moving particle (of zero or nonzero mass), is from the quantum point of view represented by some wave function, representing the probability of speed and/or position of the particle in the space, which is independent on the c?   Does not this probability allow the states of the particles with the higher speed than c, or the locations of the particle outside of the time-space "cone" which denotes the possible causality limits in the space? We know, every particle is a wave, not only some infinitely small point...  How are such wave-function solutions eliminated as a non-occuring solutions of the wave function of the particle - and are they really eliminateable? One could expect especially by the mass or no-mass objects moving inside, but still near to the "timespace cone hyperplane", there could be measured something like this effect... Are such solutions really excluded and impossible or are they even proven they cannot exist?  I kind of feel, if there is such exact speed border given by theory of relativity, which is ignoring the uncertainity principle, then it should be somehow incorrect...  Especially if we also know, that the "inner mechanisms" of the spacetime are ignoring such a "maximum signal speed" as demonstrated by measurable EPR-Paradox and the wave function of entangled particles is collapsing in the whole universe instantly, ignoring any max speed border, which we would from perspective of our theories put to them ;-)?
Great new theory coming about since James Webb debunked a previous "great" theory.  Shame we're throwing Einstein under the bus now.
Hasn't each symmetry been broken individually ?
Light didn’t change time did
@PBS, Can you please provide some evidence or information about the latest experiments that show speed of light is constant?  I have refered so some technical documentation that you can find in the description of this video and it seems variable speed of light is possible.   https://youtu.be/DaFFfImb8aE
Is constant because people is lazy, end of history
Or what if the horizon problem isn't a problem at all?  There is no evidence that the universe actually was in contact with itself way back when, it's just an assumption.
As briefly mentioned, the distance unit could have changed. We know that gravity binds space. If there is more than three spacial dimensions that is also bound by gravity then as space expands with the amount of mass within the university is constant then the strength binding the extra spacial dimensions will also become diluted loosening the grip for the extra spacial dimensions to expand resulting for extra distance required to travel resulting to the measurement as if speed of light have changed with passage of time.
Then Gods word is true
I’m confused about hawking radiation.   Quantum fluctuations of virtual particles are random in their orientation in spacetime. Hawking radiation is the splitting of virtual particles.   I can’t figure out the following:  1. Does it matter which one falls in or gets emitted (the particle or antiparticle)?  2. If it matters, why is that one happening more often than not? If quantum fluctuations are random in their orientation of space time, why would that one be falling in or getting emitted more often than not? And can you calculate the exact percentage? What factors are influencing this?  3. Chat GPT says the virtual particles experience quantum tunneling. My initial question is how can these particles or antiparticles escape the gravitational pull of the black hole so that the emitted one doesn’t fall back in?   4. What happens to the particle that falls in? Just because it’s inside the black hole doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist. There are 2 now. Is it cancelling out with a real particle and entangling it’s information with the emitted particle so that the information is not destroyed violating the laws of physics?
I have been wondering this for AGES!
Time is the variable. So changes distance. All relative except light.
sometimes i think about temperature as photons speed, but the VSL thing being a refractive index relationship with space was cool -- I'm just curious if there's a 'FOV' (analogy) problem, where what we are seeing can be interpreted in a few ways, and like manual and automatic transmissions, two totally different things, but both are still transmissions, right? I think maybe if the light isn't stretched by the gravity of all the things it had to pass thru to get to us, then maybe instead of the light not having enough time to reach the other side of the sky, maybe instead this is telling us the universe and everything we can see is simply a lot older than what we think instead of this rapid expansion happening... that's all im saying, i still lean towards 'eternal universe' camp, maybe even infinite as well, less so on the universe is exactly X years old and Y size, we'll at least have more examples to compare when we have another background to look at, (gravitational wave background)
Absolute crap , how can space time be constant, if space is full of particles
The assumption is that time itself is constant. We already know that time slows down in a gravity field. Even GPS clocks have to account for this. Now, think of a black hole. At the event horizon how much slower is time moving for say a probe clock device emitting a clock signal, compared with the observer a safe distance away? Just before it crosses the event horizon wouldn't the signal take a very long time to tick off one second? Perhaps years or centuries? . . Now, from that thought experiment, move back to the supposed big bang as the Planck length space containing all the mass/energy of the entire universe overloads first into the size of an atom. Imagine how stupendously slowly time would have to be moving.  I'd really like to have a scientist explain why the mass/energy of the entire universe compressed into such a tiny Planck space doesn't slow down time nearly infinitely.  Perhaps what we see as a sudden expansion at faster than light speed, really happened much more slowly.. .  Perhaps time itself had to take multiple billions of years to go from Planck to the end of what is called the inflationary period.. Please look into this.. Or, are there any physics groups where I could ask this question?
I have a question that has been bothering me about these JWST early universe images. If the universe began to cool and form stars at a point in time, shouldn't there be a baby-boom of star formation and on the other end of their lifespan a good portion of these boomers would become supernovas? Wouldn't this be observable in distant universes as an increased frequency of supernovas at a given distance? Is this a thing?
I can't even begin to think about what a variable speed of light would do to the electrcity equations.
I realized years ago, that both the speed of light and our speed through time were set by the mamximum speed through spacetime. In order for the speed of light to change, this maximum speed would have to change. So if the speed of light changes, the speed of everything through time changes, and they would remain constant relative to each other. From outside this universe though, this speed may not be observed to be constant...
❤❤❤
1 ) Has anyone devised a test to know if light still travels at c when it is NOT in the presence of a gravitational field?  2)  have we devised a way to know if c is really the speed of light in a true total vacuum?  3) in a different train of thought: is there any interaction, relative or otherwise, as 2 light photons pass in exactly opposite direction of each other . (2 beams of light pointed at each other.) and if so, does that relate to the slit experiment? can photons collide? or what about near miss? If they can not collide, why? what prevents them from colliding? if they cannot, what force precedes the photons to prevent the collisions? or is there such a force?
there's some that suggest light moved slower in the past, the opposite of what you're saying, should we get the pugil sticks and star trek combat music?
It seems simpler than that. What if the light is refracting off of the tiny dust particles over the tremendous distances involved?
One headache of Scientists is Light speed from point a to point b CAN'T be measure. So, light at the edge of the universe going to earth could have traveled 13.8 billions years or has traveled at at infinite speed. James Webb Space Telescope proves 13.8 billion year age of the Universe is wrong. Also, it may prove space and matter began at the same time but 'time' came later. Or there is two types of 'time'. Time that is of human consciousness and another 'time'  that is of other dimension.
If the speed of light actually was slowing over time, would that have the effect of "accelerating time" in the past as relative to us now? ie. so the universe my only be millions of years old or less rather than billions, simply because a clock in the past was running much faster than it would now? Or something. Quite confusing...
Whooo, what if the complexity in the universe slows the speed of light/ time/ information processing?  Would that not be evidence for the matrix style simulation hypothesis? The early universe would be less complex - hence "inflation". Perhaps at the end of complexity time/ light etc will approach infinity. When the time passing is infinite it isn't surprising that a big bang like fluctuation in the infinite nothing could happen. It is an infinitesimally small chance embedded in and infinitely large passage of time.... Does that make something merely possible or perhaps likely or even inevitable? The speed of time must have dramatically slowed once the various forces split from one another...
Clearly the simulation admins decreased the causality rate for performance reasons. 😂
Space is not a pure 100 percent vacuum. How much variation can there be before some difference is noticed? Speed, refraction?
thanks for the comment responses matt, but the very last mouth move is scary. what are you hiding from us?
I can explain this being possible easily the current photon could have a particle attached to it like a nuetrino that it nvr had before mayb its not actually massless compared to a photon from the past without something else we havnt discovered within it. the mass of the photon !ay have changed whatever combin ed with it we havnt discovered could b what slowed it down to a new constant
with a photon clock we only know the speed of light multiplied by 2 then divided by 2 because it takes a round trip, via Veritasium.
I happened to just watch the fine structure constant episode and noticed a similarity in this episode's explanation of the possibility of time being different speeds in the early universe to that episode's explanation of the possibility of the fine structure constant having not been constant in the early universe.  Is there a correlation between these concepts in the math/theories or is this just a coincidence?
I totally agree with your response to comments.  In fact, every time I move the Sun, I make sure to do it  S  L  O  W  L  Y.
If we know gravity can bend light, and we know that a singularity can trap light, doesn’t it stand to reason that massless energy emitted by the singularity has no motion, meaning the speed of light adjacent to or emitting in the opposite direction of the gravitational mass would have to be 0? Regarding increased expansionism, is it possible that this is the result of flattening of the curvature of space in all directions or put another way diminishing gravity, since curvature and gravity are the same thing?
And there was me who was certain that the speed of light is is not consistent. Normal speed in vacuum Slightly slower in atmosphere but the difference is so small it's irrelevant Faster around a black hole because it's pulling it
see what happens is is as energy inter's the universe... It creates little half mass or virtual particles that then are pulling the rest of the universe.... Does anyone know how nothingness is affected by this and not affected by this
How does this cf C to quantum coupling? That is Delta C. Thank you.
Why should someone show you respect if they get no respect in return why should someone show you love it they get no love in return... Why should you help people who do nothing but lie to you Give me a Reason
I’m not saying that the variable speed of light explanation isn’t a “just so” story as well, but cosmic inflation really feels like a “just so” story explanation.  I at least appreciate that the variable speed of light theorists are looking for a more elegant solution to this problem.
Question I had was about gravitational waves and black holes and light, but you addressed that this doesn't change the speed of light -- but then, what happens to light as it approaches a black hole that allows it to maintain its speed? does it curve but then still somehow maintain that speed? or is that where the singularity kicks in?
Every time I watch one of these videos something interesting happens in my mind. I am reminded that we cannot create anything that we don't know. More to the point, I end up thinking about technologies and patterns used in developing IT stuff, - games, circuits, etc. I'm not saying we live in a simulation, but we are reproducing some things found in nature in interesting way in computers...or we do live in a simulation :) One equivalent here is that in some online games, the client reports stuff to the server at regular intervals, that way every player is kept in sync with each other. The client reports the player's position 100 times/second, for instance. It can then calculate distances, angles, predict movement, etc. Somehow it seems similar to light in that sense, connecting and keeping every element in our universe in sync.
Perhaps the spacetime we see is the projection of spacetime due to the causality between the quantum fields around us, it would feel more applicable given spacetime 'bending' around massive objects, these objects 'steal' time in spacetime causing the space projection to change. If spacetime is but a causality projection of quantum fields, then all kinds of weird things like dark matter and dark energy could be explained just by changing the properties of the quantum fields. Or we could engineer spacetime projection, create motion in space, by tweaking the causality itself, by tweaking the properties of the quantum fields, should we begin to truly understand it, some day.
I guess my precious Mass Effect physics don’t work then😢
Anything to try and make prevailing theories work. Funny when I mentioned this possibility a decade ago these physicists shot me down. Their joke continues.
i always wondered why did the universe slow down its expanse ?
This is a stupid title and shaping up to be a stupid video because anybody that watches the show or knows practically a damn thing about anything knows that is already that the speed of light is not constant, that it varies in different physical situations. Media whatever. And also of course that e equals MC squared doesn't even refer to the speed of light. It refers to the cosmological constant which the speed of light cannot exceed. And in fact in certain situations this show is also shown how light can actually go faster than a speed of light and not and still not break the laws of physics. So this the title to this video is absurd and misleading
When the speed of light is not constant, it would make sense that different frequencies have different speeds as well - indicating that different colors from images travelling up to 13.8 billion years should arrive at different times (like with thunder and lightning). E.g. the crab nebula with its 6000 lightyears distance might be to close to see anything. However, bursts would appear with a different flashing frequency (if this had not been corrected already for red/blueshifts as needed).
What do you mean?  We know that different colors move at different speeds.
🤔no evidence for "fundemental" variable speed of light, but didnt many labs across the world measure a significant change in the 1940s? Which is not fully explained yet!
Lightspeed is just the clock tick of our simulation in the Matrioshka brain. Even if the simulation slows down, our measurements stays constant because the clock speed is universal. 😉
How would the recognition and disclosure of extra terrestrial ufos affect our fundamental sciences?
5:12 According to Alexander Unzicker, Einsteins first iteration of general relativity was based on variable speed of light. It used to be mentioned in the Wikipedia page for Einstein, but someone decided to remove it.
If the fastest information can move from here to there, then how is it that "spooky action at a distance" was successfully tested?
it's not a fact it's a concensus. based on the  average speed of light.
I like it.   I like it a lot better than mathematicians on bong hits making up extra universes to fit a narrative, lol.
If spacetime is relational following Leibniz, Kant and Einstein, what would it mean for our perception of c? Wouldn’t it mean that entangled particles are not communicating faster than c, but instead are interacting based on the intrinsic values for that entanglement only, which we perceive as faster than light bc of our attachment to spacetime?
If we wanted to tell aliens about the speed of causality, is there a fundamental way to do it? Can ‘c’ be expressed in plank length per plank time, or any other form?
Intelectual phase locking
It isn't constant and never was.  This is a big scandal that has been suppressed. The dirty downright dogmatic censorship that has taken place around this issue has revealed high level corruption in the Academic and Science community.   Just like the corruption in the science community surrounding the injections and Vax Injuries.
Could variable gravity explain dark matter?
It was proven back in 1967 that Light does not exist in Nature and yet the Fake Universe your predecessors have created to hide the truth has taken up your mind,  your life and your time. Wake up before it's too late!
What is the speed of light traveling through the interstellar medium( ISM)?  Is the speed of light traveling through the ISM the same as the speed of light traveling through a vacuum?   If the speed of light traveling through the ISM is different than the speed of light traveling through a vacuum then will that require tweaking the theory that the universe is expanding?   How much atmospheric lensing occurs as light travels through dense ISM near massive objects?
imagine u travel in space ship with near of light speed from one side of the galaxy to another. what distance you have traveled in what time?
I have a new theory about human DNA
Really, ...next you'll be telling us that light is getting tired!
I think there's a better explanation for the apparent cosmic inflation: Time dialetion. What if we measure time in the wrong scale. We know that entropy always increases. If we assume that the change in entropy is continuous, that makes the relationship between time and entropy a bijective function. Like all isomorphic functions it can be thought as a change in scale (like changing from linear to logothimic scale on a graph). What if that's why we apparently see the universe expanding?
I believe I heard of some scientists slowing down light by passing through different materials
How is Einstein an "undefeated champion of the universe" when we recently proved quantum mechanics are fundamentally probabilistic? Am I misremembering that discovery?
The last line lol
11:14 you say there is no evidence the fine structure constant changed and refer to the video about the 1/137(https://youtu.be/RCSSgxV9qNw&t=7m), but in that video you say at the big bang the constant was 1 and then quickly dropped to the bottom level of 1/137, so what about that??
speed of light changed relative to what? doesn't make much sense
The light has speed constant in the vaccum, not in occupied media!
Note that your supernova bunker would increase your odds for survival if it is below dense granite or is lined with lead.  Preferably both.  Make sure the air is scrubbed for Radon.
You need a new microphone.
😂..... 🙏 You should really pray.....told you God was real
The earth is  pear shaped though.
If the speed of light were so much faster in the early universe and the strength of gravity the same, wouldn't the photon pressure of sny radiation peodiced by the collapsing protostellar cloud (inside potential stars) outcompete the inward pressure of gravity, thus disallowing the formation of the stars?
Fascinating as always, but a statement you've made before and again today and I've heard plenty of times, I find a question I must ask.  By must there be something fundamentally "wrong" with relativity because it doesn't mesh properly with quantum mechanics instead of the other way around?  Why isnt it something fundamentally "wrong" with quantum mechanics?  (Not a physicist and no skin in the game, it just seems odd to me.)  As always, thank you!
Light is a universal constant. Space is a universal constant. Time is a human variable.
Great episode! Gotta say though, I'm really hoping for an episode on the one-way speed of light! (Or is there already one that I missed?)
Its relative not constant?
Would it be more correct to think of the big bang and subsequent expansion of the universe as not a size increase but more a resolution increase? We went from a 1x1x1 high energy point that light couldn't exist in let alone travel through (no where to travel to or from) to a highly detailed space with more points for all that energy to exist in.
I was real curious about this concept while working on some research for school.  Reworked what SR would be… and quickly put it to rest, figured that wasn’t the right approach.
Apparent "change" in the speed of light = increased likelihood of quantum tunneling in the early universe ie pre recombination?... idk. I shovel dirt for a living.
Why must there be a causal connection for the universe to cool at the same rate? If I made a hot object, chopped it in half, put each half in a thermos and carried them a great distance apart, they would still cool at a about the same rate without touching.  They use the milk in coffee analogy too, where the universe was supposedly injected at one point and then spread. But then they say that the big bang happened in all of universe at the same time, so there is nothing to spread. I'd rather see it as the milk souring everywhere in a big tub of smoothie, because the acid arises everywhere in it and isn't added.  Could there be a second speed of light term hidden in the h-bar if we understood it better and they would cancel out?
Maybe it's the density of space that's changing near masses (where there is more gravity) resulting in a meter containing more space near them. The speed of light is measured in meters per second, though it should be measured in space per second. Near masses there is more space per meter than away from them. So light travels faster intergalactically and maybe even interstellarly and its speed is constant near masses, that is where we have only measured it.
Matt I have accelerated light and crushed the fields in a venturi that created muons and electron showers and photoed using CMOS. Evidence is on my channel and I am doing a video now about your claims...I would like to engage please my Friend? I have 100% proof of my claims and all particles are dipoles (Dirac Neutrinos).
one of the first things to understand about physics and the universe....nothing is ever really constant, that is the only Constant.
Possibly a dumb question, but if the universe has been expanding since the big bang, does that mean that the expansion is limited to the dimensions of space and time is somehow immune to the expansion of space-time?  Intuitively I would have guessed that if space-time has been expanding, then like space, time has been expending from a more dense to a less dense dimension of time and thus time would have been slowing down over time meaning that light speed would have to "speed up". The opposite of the theories mentioned in this episode.   Is this reasoning flawed, or is time immune from the expansion of the universe?
Me listening to the apocalyptic science genius who has a t-shirt saying "Heat death is coming" and upvoting...
Its difficult to build math theories without constants
Seems we may be looking at the issue of inflation and the early horizon backwards. With all the matter in the universe coming from a singularity the density of matter in the time after the big bang must have been incredible. With light slowing in denser mediums, it seems to me that c is faster now than it would have been in the early universe. Not the other way around.  With the slowing of causality there would have been "time" for the cooling to homogenize.
If the speed of light turns out to vary, would light now have a preferred reference frame to measure its speed with? reintroducing the aether?
I can imagine a scenario where changing speed of light in different regions of space can modify the energy density in space lets say light travels into a "bubble" in the vacuum, inside which its speed its slower because light moves slower inside, the flux of light into the bubble surface is larger than the flux of light from the surface into the volume deep within we end up with region in space where light accumulates, raising the energy density in that region
more like the Speed of Time, am I right
We have to change "metre" because we define metre by light If the speed of light is not constant
Can a photon be "idle" of some sorts? Like in "not moving" and could it be detected if so?
https://youtu.be/1TerTgDEgUE ^ what if constants arent actually constant
Waiting for a video about the assumed older age of the universe.
Greg Egan's Orthogonal trilogy shows the journey of a species living in a world without a fixed speed of light, trying to understand the physics of their world through experiments and theories, and utilising this physics eventually. It's a story about people with biology completely unlike our own but with sexual politics and conflicts that are immediately relevant to our own species. It has everything.
Lol.  You said VSL theories don't have a good explanation as to why the speed of light changes to mimic inflation and dark energy.  As if cosmic inflation has any kind of "why," and dark energy has proof of existence beyond the unwillingness of physicists to question the elegance and completeness of GR.  That's crazy man.
Saying that SR and GR have never failed is incorrect.  GR failed when looking at the behaviour of galaxies, prompting physicists to conjure dark matter, a wholly undetectable ghost except through this anomaly, rather than consider GR incomplete.
What I want to know is "Do photons accelerate?" During creation, does a photon go instantly to light speed or is there some period of acceleration? Even if that acceleration is only some Planck-Time units in duration. When an electron changes to a lower energy level, for example, it is said to emit a photon. How is that photon created? In an radio oscillator, an electromagnetic wave is continuously created as electrons are forced to move  from one position to another in a repeating pattern. A photon is similar but generated as a burst of energy when a single electron moves from one energy level to another. Does that mean the photon is brought into existence in a continuous process as the electron travels between the energy levels, taking some Planck-Time intervals to form? If so, that would mean the leading portion of the photon would be on it's way before the entire photon is formed, stretching it out by some amount before the rest catches up. OTOH if the entire photon is somehow formed before it "leaves" the electron, is it really instantly (absolutely zero time passes) at the speed of light or does it accelerate up to that speed? After all it is moving at zero speed (relative to the electron) initially.
The speed of light isn’t constant. The acceleration of light is linear
Thanks Matt, but we still can't explain why two entangled particles, light years apart, must be treated as the same particle with instantaneous causal effect on each other - or WHY gravity warps spacetime.
a horizon in 4 dimensional space, will cause 2 dimensional measurements to be skewed, suggesting inflation, but it's just a problem of dimensions.  A toroidal structure allows for a north and south pole structure.  As above, so below.  toroidal structures are everywhere in nature.  Check out Leonard's complexity research.
It never has been a constant, the "speed" of light is the maximum disturbance rate, the hysteresis, of the medium it is propagating through. That's why it's rate of induction drops in mediums like air, glass or water.
It's Lórentz or Loréntz? Dutch, correct? IMO it's Lórentz  So, we going circa c, our proper reference frame, time won't change for us inside the Enterprise, but if we know Centauri is approx 4 ly from Earth, so at our speed let's say Lorentz factor gamma 23 😳..  I think that's 0.999c?  Anyways.  Distance would seem shorter for us. And outside the vessel, things go... 🤔 Spoilers? Faster or slower?  Locality, professor!  Since we have a manifold on each point of gravity field, and generalised velocities are measured as angles, "boosts" normal vectors to each INFINITESIMAL EUCLIDIAN FLAT Riemannian surface so one obaervator on each one, and info going at c, well, everyone would agree that got them at 299792.458 km/s..  But the universe is curved and it expands.. 🤔 😬   Some ppl love to spoil the parties don't they? 😅 🤣  Anyways, getting the "why c is constant" needs a little bit of a pickle, I mean a bit of timey wimey mathematics, and that of course rules! 🖖🤨🤓
Ok light is our form of measurement.  Inside the Big Bang Theory. Muti Verse are dimples of black holes 🕳️ extinction…. You have Head Space And Clearance.?. Dark Suns /Dark Matter is organic, you say speed of light can not be changed.?.  Yet the event horizon of a black hole 🕳️ is what?🤔?” Organic Matter is older than the Big Bang.  {~This Proves God Existing~} Who dug the Whole -0-/\~0- AHUM’M@.?.
Don’t we all get slower as we age compared to our high energy kids?
WHATS UP WITH AI GENERATED MATT?
Matt, there is discussion now about the age of the universe being much older than we've been taught.  How would this information affect  the measurement of omega and quintessence.
Thumbnails like this just give kooks the courage to speak their mind.
The more I read, the less I believe there is an absolute limit to the rate of inductance. It's more likely we've found a limit to the rate of observation... for now.
There is a rate of induction.
12:56  So if the big bang was the beginning than light traveling through a truly perfect vacuum would be able to travel faster for a longer if not infinitely with absolutely no resistance. Possibly even that 10²². And quantum foam isnt regular. And couldnt an abundance quantum foam help to explain dark matter/energy?
I think we have time wrong.  I think time varies with energy density, time is slower in areas of low energy density and faster in areas of higher energy density.
The speed of light is not about light but about inherent properties of the universe. May be our understanding of physics based on its laws is just very limited. As we our comprehension of the universe expands, we may trangress the speed of light, who knows!
1:30 L😆L ❤
So if time slows down the closer you get to a black hole, shouldn't it also slow down the closer you get to the big bang? Mass slows time therefore universe level mass should mean that the universe is much older than we think. it could be many hundreds of billions of years old. It would explain the well formed galaxies in the JWST images from the early universe.
If the speed of light isn’t constant, Ted owes Rupert Sheldrake an apology!!!!
As the position of a particle doesn't have an outer bound and is a limit function which is significant on an astronomical scale as per Hawking Radiation, and as a particle's mass is attracted to the probability wave function and not the 'center' of the particle, space devoid of gravitational distortion does not exist in the universe and cannot.  Space is *never* cartesian under any conditions in the real universe.
Well of course the speed of light is not a constant, the law of entropy tells us that the further away from the source it gets the more it will slow down, by the way time, is not a constant either.
What if the edge of the observable universe is actually a very small sphere, and the appearance of it "surrounding us" is like an optical illusion. Similar to how quaternion rotation can turn a sphere into a boundary. The uniformity of the CMB then would be what you would expect since the opposite edges of the observable universe are actually in contact.  The universe expanding faster than light could just be another "optical illusion" since those distances are actually much closer than they appear. We already know that space and gravity can bend light to all sorts of shapes, so how can we know that it's not just the light being twisted or reflected around in counterintuitive ways? If this is somehow a new idea, I'll call it the "images in the mirror are closer than they appear postulate" since it seems at least as outlandish as the one electron universe but also I'm having trouble seeing why it can't be true.
What I love about this channel is that about half way through the videos, I become completely lost. 😂 I like that because the videos always challenge me. 👍
Alexander Unzicker has written on the theory of Variable Speed of Light in his book _Einstein's Lost Key_ and he explains many things about the theory on his YouTube channel.  It's an interesting topic for those who want to take a deeper dive.
Years ago I supported an experiment that measured the speed of light from 3C273. Actually it compared the light from 3C273 with a local laser. Identical to the accuracy of the equipment.
Great video. Using alternative theories to vulgarize several concepts from general relativity. Very smart ;)
It's good to occasionally question the uttermost foundations. Especially when facing an impasse.
As someone that doesn't know much about physics, I always wondered why physicists never seem to have considered slowing speed of light to explain the seeming expansion of universe. Cool to get episode about this.
Sometimes. Matt. talks. like. William. Shatner.
Matt and Team. Don't worry about missing or catching up on Questions. You have a lot going on with everything you do which is awesome for us to see but don't burn yourself out dude.
In the eighties and nineties, the young earth creationists were told they were nuts for proposing it and actually presenting a hundred years of observations with a hint of a light speed decay in local measurements. So what brings this back?
We cannot measure changes in the speed of light because we use the speed of light to calculate it.  “It is usually assumed that the laws of nature have always been the same as they are now. There is no justification for this. The laws may be varying with cosmological time.” - Paul Dirac  Diameter of Universe (~10^26 m) / Diameter of Electron (~10^(-14) m) ≈ 10^40  The electrostatic force of attraction between electron and proton separated by distance r (~10^(−27) / r^2 N) / Gravitational force of attraction between electron and proton separated by distance r (~10^(-67) / r^2 N) ≈ 10^40  Speed of light in vacuum (~10^8 ms^(-1)) * Age of Universe (~10^18 s) / Diameter of Electron (~10^(-14) m) ≈ 10^40  Speed of light in vacuum (~10^8 ms^(-1)) * Age of Universe (~10^18 s) / Diameter of Universe (~10^26 m) ≈ 1
Theres a great scifi series by Vernor Vinge that largely involved the consequences of the speed of light not being constant. See "Fire Upon the Deep"
Did you intentionally omit the possibility that the speed of light varies directionally? My understanding is that we can only ever measure the round-trip speed of light, so that allows the possibility that it is faster in some directions and slower in the other. Is there anything that disproves this? Could the direction of speed differential vary over space, or does it have to be spatially uniform in any given frame of reference?
How does the universe having a refractive index differ from the luminiferous aether?
6:20. Technically the speed of light never changes. I think that's obvious. But clearly time dilation occurs. And if time dilation occurs. You can quite literally say that the speed of light is different for you then for someone else in a higher gravitational field.   I believe it was Michukaku who first pointed it out to me. The speed of light would happily go faster. But the closer you get to the speed of light. The more time slows down.  So even if you could achieve the speed of light. Time will always slow you enough to keep you physically under the speed limit.  Some people think of "Time. As the speed of causality.!" And in some way that's true.   But it's the velocity of The moving Space that sets the speed limit. And even though that velocity changes overtime. It will always be 186,282 mps relative to any external observer.   And it's relative velocity to you. Is the function of time. So the closer you are relative to its velocity. The slower time goes.   And within a gravitational field. That movement of space receives resistance. And is slows down. And if space slows down. So too does Time. So time dilation caused by gravitational effects.  Are literally a result of space moving at two different speeds. Resulting in regions with different time.!  I'm not sure what you were saying his theory was. But what I am saying is a description of reality.!  which I'm sure you disagree with. But one day you'll be kicking yourself for.!  Good luck. 👍
me riding train, sipping smoothie: sees identical smoothie hit the floor, gets startled and drops my smoothie, only for it to disappear mid-fall.  me: .....  dangit my smoothie just grandfather paradoxed itself!
Related: When they use redshift to calculate vast distances, do they take into account that some slowing will occur since it does pass thru some matter along the way?   We know the speed of light thru air is slower for example.   We know that even empty space isn't completely empty. Granted it might be as little as 1 atom of matter per CC (or a similarly small amount), but over hundreds of millions of lightyears, it seems to me that the effect (on speed and potentially wavelength) would add up. The spontaneously appearing particle+antiparticle pairs could have some impact too.  Does slowed light from passing through a medium such as air, experience a color shift?  Should be measurable using light thru air. Experimentally testable. Someone better at the math would have to determine what amount of matter might be having an impact across say 10 billion lightyears of distance, and then calculate how much impact that could be having (from information learned in testing for color shifts through air) on the color of distant sourced light.   Since everything we see that we believe is 10 billion lightyears distant, is significantly red-shifted, that would be interesting to know if some portion of the redshift is just because of matter it has passed through on its way here.  We believe the redshift is because the observed object is moving away, but I think there could be multiple causes.  The object is moving away, space itself could be stretching, or the lights' speed could be impacted by matter along the way.  Or it could be some combination of all three.
electrons drop and rise in energy by discrete amounts sure might make a mess if the speed of light did that too at a certain size the gearbox downshifts itself on us buckle up
you sound like an ai would teach us about space time... (edit after this sentence) acutally you sound speed up artificially .. kinda strangé
The only real constant in this universe is Matt having a cold.
Thank you! This is a question I've been pondering but could never get any concrete answer and the equations and their implications are insanely complicated.
Still seems like we have so much to discover. Give it some time. Someone will come up with a new theory. One better than Relativity that doesn't make anything special like Geocentrism.
I find the term “speed of light” a bit misleading. I like the idea of using the term of “the speed of causality”. If You are required to add caveats like “in a vacuum”, then this indicates that light (or other massless particle) just happens to travel at the speed of causality, and only under specific circumstances. But I get it, “speed of light” has a good ring to it and is easier to comprehend.
If light moved faster in the past, would that mean objects moved faster? 1% of 186,000 m/s is different than 1% of say 372,000 m/s. If light or objects increase their speed, would they get hotter? I guess I was thinking of the warp drive episode that said things traveling at speeds faster than light would heat up. I'm sorry if my question isn't any good, I'm trying to grasp this and the consequences of what it means and I'm just a regular guy that struggles with trig.  Mark
No no! Wrong! The smoothie falls in a parabolic curve for the outside observer. Not diagonally. Albeit undetectable to a human eye 😄
By Geoff Brumfiel, Nature magazine on September 22, 2011 "An Italian experiment has unveiled evidence that fundamental particles known as neutrinos can travel faster than light."  Note: The experiment is highly controversial, so it requires sufficient verification and validation before it is "accepted."
Depends on what kind of light
Dicke wasn’t the first.  Einstein himself was the first—his entire life he said that C must be variable.  Dennis Scama was after him and dicke revisited Scama’s and expanded it.  What were u thinking matt
(0:39) The smoothie falls along a parabola, not diagonally.
Since light slows down when going through an object with mass, such as water, air or glass, could it be that at the super hot plasma after the big bang could have acted like a super conductor for protons? 🤔
To me, VSL theory goes hand in hand with a simulated universe hypothesis, where the speed of light (=speed of causality) slows down when too many events happen in the same zone of the universe due to limited computational power of the simulator. This also explains dark matter and by pure chance also happens to be a solution for the Fermi paradox, because when organic life starts forming, c slows down, so time gets "faster" allowing civilizations to form earlier than other zones of the universe.
Iight is the processing limitation of our simulation.
thoutful
The final speed of light might be constant, but do photons accelerate when they are being emitted?
E = mc^2 can be rearranged into C= squareroot of E/M  Which would seem to imply that C varies in relation to the ratio between matter and energy. That is clearly not what happens in the real world  But why ? The equation seems to say that it should. What am I missing here?
The speed of light is not constant, in extremely low temperatures it will slow down to a crawl
what makes you doubt electricity and light? ⚡️
Neutron decay cosmology.  Solves all thermodynamics issues, dm, de , critical density maintenance.    All in topological simplicity and perfection.
If there was a higher density universe in the past, then because it was more dense relativity dictates time MUST have moved slower in the past.
don't we only know the speed of light reflected? we don't have a way of measuring the speed of light without bouncing it off a mirror. Perhaps the speed of light before refraction is different for reasons we can't quantify yet because we lack the ability to measure it properly.
What is space? Its nothing, but has a 3d appeearance? WTF is going on? Explain that to me please?
What about the flash of light from the big bang wouldn't the speed of light shift to lower speed because the power of the light is not as abundant as before? Ive been told that the light from a star what we currently see would be a star that died out millions of years ago and we see the light from that star is the last of the of the light from a dead star. And wouldn't the numerous black holes through out the universe effect the lights trajectories and brightness of that light maybe the overwhelming gravity  emitting of the black hole causing the  light to slow down or speed up depending on space time variables dictating the path and speed?. Im no scientist nor mathematical guy lets be real i dont know multiple cations and have to use my fingers to use regular math but sometimes scientific  curiosity has a wonderful ideas that i have theories about that brings me so much happiness.
Brilliant script and explanations! Fantastic video, as always!
if time and space are fundamenrally linked, why cant time have similar propertys to space, maybe time slows at high speed because of friction? lol
Can someone explain to me how in weightlessness a given ball will always roll to the bottom of the bowl, because I don't understand this relativistic nonsense that gravity is just the curvature of space-time.
"The speed of causality ... the rate of change of the universe." - As good a justification as any for 'event frames' flickering in a cosmic film projector.
ī is motivated by challenge competition
8:27
I wondered from time to time if the expansion of the universe is logically equivalent to the speed of causality slowing down. If the implications of both ways of looking at things were equivalent in all measurables and outcomes.
Thank you PBS. Thank you Matt.
What if the speed of sound is near infinite within near infinite densities?
Can you make a video discussing why Robert Dicke's theory of spacetime density failed conpared to GTR? If one assume the vacuum is soup of virtual particles then one could hypothesized a possibility of spacetime density.
what about gravitational density, as opposed to material density/refractive index? all the mass in the universe was in the big expansion/bang, so assuming all parts equally overcome the potential to become a black hole, their gravitational potential would still be ridiculously extreme, and might cause massless particle interaction to happen much slower, and therefore, there would be a tipping point where time speeds up at the "same time" the space expansion is ramping up, and the expansion would seem to spike even faster than expected... but this wouldn't improve the issue of causality seemingly staying linked throughout the expansion... only explaining the sudden acceleration...
Why is there a slight buzz in Matt's voice, is he secretly a robot
But why does matter warp spacetime?
Seeing that the topic for this video was Light, I have a question about the electromagnetic spectrum which I beleive light is a part of. Is the entire range of the electromagnetic spectrum involve just one particle that is at different energy states for different parts of the spectrum, or is the electromagnetic spectrum a catch all for a series of spectra that abut each other?🤨
4:38 if that’s the case how do we know the speed of light isn’t changing all the time? And if we couldn’t tell if it wasn’t changing it means it’s not even scientifically possible to detect it.
3:28 Why do the photons have their own reflection?😳😳
Hey, there is some evidence that the fine structure constant might not be homogenious across the universe - There is some data that the universe may have some "poles" of alpha. I dont have the source in my mind right now but I think you can find it easily through google scholar
The speed of light is constant because light is a fluid in which we all reside. We'll never get to the edge of the pool faster than the water does.
The Lorentz invariant fails the moment we consider two trains moving away from each other faster than the speed of light. That is, if one train exceeds half the speed of light in one direction and the other train exceeds half the speed of light in the opposite direction. Just to understand that with an accelerating train we perceive the falling body in slow motion, and once the speed of light is reached (which is impossible for an object that is not one singularity) the image is lost, or if the detector has memory, the falling body will remain suspended in the air and never fall...
I love these types of videos.  More entertaining when get to you think outside of the box.  But, you also get to double down on knowing the fundamentals.
What if, on a deeper level of reality in higher dimensions, photons are stationary and everything else that has mass is in motion. Then the speed of light will always be the same because they are motionless particles.
... the speed of light has always been variable... its like when you turn off the basement lights at the top of the stairs vs when your at the bottom and need to run up the stairs.... to get away from the monsters...
If you want complicate everything, just put black hole in
I don't know why this video made me fixate on it, but I'm stuck on how he does all his hand gestures without moving his elbows. I'm sure it's a deliberate stylistic choice, probably to make it easier to keep him on a smaller area of screen space and make more room for additional graphics. I'd probably be waving my hands all over the place, constantly knocking the graphs and pictures onto the floor. ;)
The real problem with a variable speed of light is that it is the foundation of both Einstein's theories of relativity, and as such distance and time were redefined to keep it constant. All the weirdness of relativity can be disregarded if there is no upper limit to the speed of causality.  As a side note we have never measured the one way speed of light. It is impossible. We have only ever measured the round trip speed,
I mean if you account for gravitational lensing, then we already know that the speed of light is not constant  Relativity stops for no one.
Here is something to consider, the lower the energy of a photon, the longer it's wavelength. Now assume that there is a photon with a wavelength of 2 light years! If that photon would somehow interact with an object (a black hole for example) how would causality work out when at a large scale multiple events could simultaneously interact with the same wave and a collapse to a single quanta of energy actually has an enormous delay? Also is there a theoretical maximum limit of wavelength? If it's infinity then are we living in a photon?
What if the speed of light is constant? This "influencer" is irrelevant.
What if our "speed of light" is actually the slowest possible speed light can travel in a vacuum? If we don't have the tech to excite light to move faster, we would assume it's the fastest you can go. Would any stellar phenomenon be explained by this? Just a thought.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TerTgDEgUE&t=0s
Particle and wave. Anything effected by gravity can be variable in speed.
Look,i know Matt is the smart science guy. However he still looks like the insane whyt man outside the liquor store🤣 LIke if i saw him in a dark alley,i'd hand over my wallet LMAO Good video tho
I do prefer the principle of causality over uniform and constant speed of light.
I always had a doubt, maybe C as we know is reduced by the effect of out galaxy blackhole. And once umbound by it e has no limit.
If spacetime speeds up at the edges of the Universe than there would be No causality until the Higgs Boson brings mass. Spacetime is slowed down by the mass created built up over time.
It's not constant it can go as low as stationary.
Watching this video made me think about the opera of the chinese writer, Cixin Liu. The Author, in his book entitled "Death's End", last volume of his trilogy "Remembrance of Earth's Past", speculates about the possibility for humanity to slow down the speed of light, in order to conceal the Solar system from the rest of the universe, basically creating an artificial event horizon around the edge of the system. He calls this project "Black dominion" (or something along the line. Can't remember exactly). Could this theoretical speculation be hypotetically feasible, i.e. artificially slowing down the speed of light inside a localized area of the universe?
I thought it was proven 20 year ago... light is not constant
Ok, the speed of light is absolutely constant, and the speed of light is not what you think but the speed of information propagation. What about the Quantum Hartman Effect?
The subject is hard enough by itself, no annoying cricket music needed thank you
an episode on trending.  not bad.
“Do let’s keep questioning it” 👍🏻
The Smothie does not fall diagonally for the external viewer. It does fall in a parable. (The train moves at a fixed speed or it would not fall straight down for the moing viewer.  Bad physicist!😉
3:38
*Does it matter if speed is constant or not*
The only thing that has ever made sense is that the speed of light changes.
Kudos to the non-euclidean S P A C E cube
spaghetti talk    shifting small lies and assumptions as truth. which is not.
Thanks for your great videos Matt and team.
What if the earlier universe was so dense that the speed of light might be slower than today!
The real speed of light is behind a paywall.
Light can be effected by gravity so i imagine it could be slowed or sped up. With that you could potentially catch light.
Yes, but prior to the intrusion of our universe into our current bounded space-time membrane, the intrusion was not randomly injected, but was an algorithmic mixture of both energies and matter, dark and un-dark’d. A “planned” mixture manifested by light at the “Plank” moment complete with slower time intervals and therefore slower speeds of light until such time we now measure a “bounce” of 300,000,000 meters per second in today’s experiments. Does this infer the speed of light will continue to “speed up” the time intervals of our measurements as the universe continues to expand at ever faster rates? Entropy won’t mind. It’s light agnostic!
"Can't have varied much." I wish you'd expanded on this a touch more. I'll see what I can find though. Thanks for the video.
I have a hypothesis that the speed of light slows down when exposed to gravity.
One of those episodes I've wondered about personally. In part, because we measure light with reflection.
Could light have slowed down due its initial 'velocity' wearing out, like a bullet traveling through the air?
The smoothie falls diagonally??? I'd expect a parabola due to acceleration downwards.
i HAD TO SYOP WATCHING WHEN MY CONFUSION  REACHED MY MAXIMUM, :)
If we consider the universe as a whole in terms of density, then maximum physical density would be defined by the singularity prior to the big bang. From that point onwards until our current observable time, the Universe to our understanding has expanded exponentially, which by nature would mean that density per physical volume has lessened at a comparable scale. This would directly explain the possibility of VSL through time (or not time per se, but unfolding of events). If light was perceived at a lower pace relative to the higher density of the Universe during singularity, it would mean light would be perceived as standstill since the density of the singularity is infinite / undefinable. And this matches with the fact that there can not exist time in a singularity since nothing can physically move, thus lightspeed can not be perceived as there is no relative point of observation.  Post big bang and the burst of the singularity, density of the Universe lessened, and speed of light could be perceived from relative points of view. Even though the speed of light technically may still be infinite, our ability to perceive it is defined by the density of the Universe around us, thus we do not perceive infinity but rather 299,792,458 m/s. However, that is only relative to our physical position in the expanding Universe, at this specific point in time. If we are to consider the Universe's expansion being exponential, that would mean that the closer to an event horizon (or the edge of the observable universe) we get, the more the perceivable speed of light would change. Likewise it would then be assumed that the perceived speed of light would be greater than 299,792,458 m/s the closer we get to the true center of the Universe and origin of the singularity expansion, since density here would be vastly greater than our location in the Milky Way galaxy. This would theoretically confirm VSL not just relative to time, but also relative to position of observation in the Universe. It would also mean that actual speed of light is infinite, but the density of the Universe from which we observe said light, will define how we observe it. We can also speculate that all observation of light depends on receiving a return signal to confirm that the light travelled to the intended destination. Say if we shine a light to a mirror on the moon, and then observe the return signal when we observe the light photon post reflection, what are we deducing? Are we deducing that the speed of light equals the time it took to observe its return? Or are we merely deducing how long it took us to obtain an observable return signal? The light could have gone the distance in an instant, but the observable pace may trail behind due to the density of the Universe through which the observation is being made, like an afterimage or light ghosting as I personally like to call it.  If we further consider that the density of the Universe is defined not by any matter (be it dark or normal or anti), but rather gravity itself, the natural attraction of all things observable -even the perception of light. Is light the photonic wave, or is that wave just the observable and interactive byproduct of what light is? Now we are going into full speculation, but it's interesting to ponder over.
Love the "SPACE" cube in the graphic at 4:50.  Space being 5 letters rotating on a cube with 4 faces.  Neat!
What of all of our leading theories are both true and false depending on how they're looked how depending on the observers understanding? But the speed or light couldnt be constant travelling around and through high/low vastly varying matter densities
When are you gonna be on Rogan?  Needs to happen.  It'd be like having others but with less interruptions.  And better.
The Sun is already a space ship. Its just that you' dont get to decide which way its going.
Just a tiny nitpick: since the falling smoothie is (presumably) under constant gravitational acceleration, the external observer should see it trace out a quadratic curve rather than a straight line, right? 🙂
Time is what clocks (verb) Measure. (noun)
So basically what happens if space isnt a flat plane but curved and then gravity bends the light in a way that makes it go slower or faster?
7:57, alternative solution, the bending of light and the time it takes for light to get to us caused the same region to be displayed in multiple places
Did you know that the Kheops Pyramid encodes speed of light ? Twice ? (or more, I only know two)
Hi
Hi, and Thank You.   Speed of Light= Measurement of changes over time, & the maximum change of rate (at the most Fundamental levels). Got me thinking (as much as possible lol).   I don't know about variable speeds of time, but...   What if the speed of Light/Time... is just another decription, not a fundamental force at all ?   A descriptive math constant, describing the rate of interaction  of all the various quantum field's- the "Foam". Strong, weak, magnetic, gravitational, quarks, particle, sub-paricle, & yada yadda... lol.   As with any set of parameters or equation, change one parameter... others must modify.  Some set of parameters/comstants/Universes are viable, and some are not.   Anyways lol, probably a stupid idea.  Seems logical to me, ohh crap- lol.   There is no such parameter as time in the Universe, we made that up to helps us describe. Cheers & Stay Well, Chris 🎹🤘
This is my 2nd comment. I really really love this topic and this video thank you. Isnt is crazy to think time could always experienced the same? How many fundamental constants are there, is that actually one of them? Everyone here is probably really clever and thinks those are simpleton questions but it blows my mind honestly. Its the most fascinating thing I've found about science since I became obsessed with black holes when I was younger.
Indeed, it's fundamental  that we could never notice if the vacuum speed of light changed since everything else would change along with it.
Thank you so much for this video, I've been wondering about this a lot recently. You explained it so well. Appreciated 🙂
Einstein was wrong about many things....
It's NOT constant.... And speed of light can be broken...
since there are so many examples of relationships within a system being intact yet not static.. can we assume that our recent proof of black holes is proof that yes the speed of change is fundamental but also subject to a greater force and therefore could change?
Hey Matt, is it possible that the speed of causality can be explained by an overall negative curvature of the universe?
Would you like to hear some good news? This is the best news you’ll ever hear. All of us, without exception, have sinned and fall short of the glory of God (Romans 3:23). And because God is just and will not let sin go unpunished, the wages of sin is death (Romans 6:23). As a result, that means that as sinners, we will all get what we rightly deserve: eternal punishment, which is called the second death. But the good news is that God is loving and does not wish that any should perish but that all would come to repentance (2 Peter 3:9). So He made a way for us to be saved and now graciously offers you the free gift of eternal life through Jesus Christ (Romans 6:23), all while justice is done. He sent His Son, Jesus Christ, to die on behalf of us and pay for our sins on a cross, and He was then buried and rose again on the third day (1 Corinthians 15:1-4). Regardless of who you are or what you may have done, if you believe with your heart the gospel ( ^^ which I just mentioned above) and confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord, you shall be saved (Romans 10:9,10). Salvation is simple and free. It’s not a 12 step program, and don’t think, as many do, that you just have to be a “good person” or do good works to go to heaven. Salvation is based on what Jesus did, not what you do (Ephesians 2:8,9). Believe in Christ, and you will be saved. “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever should believe in Him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world but to save the world through Him.” John 3:16,17
Ummm I can tell of a technology that’s faster then the speed of light. It’s called “Quantum Jumping”. If you evolve an atom to its fullest potential then use this energy as a potential. If you fire this zero point energy into this evolved atom you disappear. If the energy is directed where you wish to go it’s kinda like teleporting. Because atoms and photons and electrons have a slight way of not only recording scenes and voice but interacting with this atomic energy is a fusion of star like power. If harnessed correctly with certain technologies to contain this energy because it wants to expand immediately as it get released is something beyond words to even describe. What would mankind do with star like energy. It would place science at limitless possibilities and if 1kilogram powers the human body for 100yrs just imagine what could be done. Mankind’s destiny is to focus on this atomic energy also known in the air as well named as Aetheric energy. Someone is proving its existence and I know I’m not the only one who knows about it. This energy also powers UFO’s as well on certain ones. The star burns for hundreds of years before it extinguishes. The Greek God Aether is something to connect as well as the pyramid shape sacred geometry in snowflakes proves this energy. The pyramid shape only brings more truth when pointing to the aetheric vibrations present in all things including the air. I can say a lot on this subject but it’s a very dangerous topic because of the technology able to be done.
Physics - Speed of Light  I have an idea, that I think will contradict common belief, but i do not have the ability to implement a test.  I offer this idea here, in hope that you will test my theory.  Current physics belief is that the speed of light is the same for all observers.  Example if a laser is turned on from inside a moving train, that a person on the train will observe/measure the same speed of light, and a stationary observer would measure external to the moving train the same speed for the light.  My hypothesis is that each observer is not measuring the same particles of light, but in reality are measuring different portions of the wave or particles.  That our current instrumentation must be more efficient than what we have available to observe, or we must devise a new method to test this theory.  My suggestion as a new test case would be to do the following:  Create two synchronous timer circuits one which will turn on a laser at each cycle of the timer, and one that will begin a second time timer to count the time until the laser light is received by a diode sensor, to determine the time it took from laser ON until laser received.  Then we have two of these systems set up such that one receiver timer is on the train and one is external and stationary from the train.  A better method would be to use three jets two flying at the same speed and one flying in the opposite direction or a significantly different speed in the same direction.  All circuits must be in sync prior to the start.  I believe the receiver on the train or plane will be of time T, and an stationary observer circuit off the train or plane if the transmitter is moving toward the receiver will have a time of T minus the speed of the moving transmitter, or if the transmitter is moving away from the stationary receiver it will have a time of T plus the speed of the transmitter.  Please advise your opinions on this.  thanks
You aren't even remotely asking the right question. Of course the speed of light can't change. The speed of light is zero. The speed of causation is what we understand at the speed of light. The question you should be asking is why are gravitational waves travelling at the same speed as the apparent speed of light and if there is no graviton, does that mean space itself is what is really moving? Yes, that's what it means. The speed of space is 30000000m/s. The speed of light and gravity is zero. Mass is attractive and bends space at the speed of space because anything that takes up space stops space from expanding at the speed of space, what we call gravity.
Duh! Been proven it's not years ago. Slows down in water. Time is the constant.
or before the big bang may have been Smolin's 2nd law of complexity in a quark gluon plasma. The bang would be the creation of spacetime
I'm more concerned with whether or not you know how to have fun.... without explanation.
I don’t understand why people look for gravitrons  If gravity bends space, why do we need a particle?
A lie repeated 100 times will not become reality, maybe if you understood the thought of Robert Dicke, you would be somewhere else.. the popularizer of science is a very worthy activity, but the Nobel Prize is actually a reward for advancing knowledge, so perhaps some child who is watching you will understand where you are lying and will direct him to a place where the cemented minds of your colleagues cannot reach.  yes, today's astrophysicists are themselves a multigate, a wormhole, a multiverse, but they only got that from embarrassing science fiction when they grew up.  Einstein and not only Robert Dicke show the right way, you just have to listen to the thought that flies on the beam of light, not the ballast that has accumulated around, and the barks of the popularizers of science are parroting.
Good video. Most viewers here are not "stupid", if that makes sense. I personally would like to see more in-depth videos of more theoretical physics. Nice work
Haven't we proven time is not constant - therefore the speed can be constant as it would be relative to where it is traveling - but to a non relative observer it would seem to not be constant?
Lol, a Tale of two Stans
I've often wondered if our patch of observable universe is but an infinitesimal part of the whole, and the "constants" we observe are local phenomena, which vary over unthinkably vast distances. There's no way to test such an idea, is there?
I thought CPT symmetry was broken?
Random question, but if the speed of light is constant and not variable and nothing with mass can even reach the speed of light let alone surpass it, then how did the very early universe initially expand faster than the speed of light? How do physicists justify how quickly it expanded?
What if the speed of my poopoo wasn't constant?
Lol. Why does he speak differently now
Frustrating to have a video on this topic not cover 1-way vs 2-way speed of light and how it’s only a convention we take speed of light to be the same in all directions :(
2:39 Wrong... circular reasoning.
There's no proof that time slows close to the speed of light. That's unproven conjecture by Einstein that no one ever questions.
Given the separate appearance of permittivity, I would disagree that fine structure depends on c.  Rather, the fine structure depends on the ratio of permeability to permittivity not its product.  It is easy to vary the product while keeping the ratio (and alpha) constant...  Just let u0=a u0' and e0=a e0'.  Then, c~1/a and alpha is constant.  This is true for an arbitrary function a(...) not zero... including a~10^{-20}.
you could also say, i was busy because this is my side gig
Youtube channel GG Brock is using tesla coils to receive radio signals from a near by AM station and he measures propagation speeds over 243.000 miles/second
I mean obviously the speed of light isn't constant, gravity exists
Wait - so, if Lorentz Invariance gets broken, such that the laws of physics are different when you travel backwards in time, compared to forwards, then: you emerge from your time-travel-bubble into a PAST that *differs from the past of your original timeline* - which might seem 'impossible and obviously wrong', until considering if THAT might be the path to arrive on branching timelines, for time travel without grandfather paradoxes, and an infinitude of branching, warping weaves of time?
What if the Higgs field could act like a superconductor with regards to light under certain conditions where the speed of light is infinite…
If the speed of light isn’t constant then the length of a meter must also be variable due to how these things are currently defined.
Maybe the speed of light is slowing down because entropy has effects on time, itself.
Stop moving your hands so much when you talk. I get why you do it, but stop just stop.
For any virtual reality theory, it makes the most sense for c to be a constant. The catch is, that this constant has the potential to change given the right conditions.  Measurements made by occupants of the virtual machine can cause tiny changes, but orders of magnitude change are theoretically possible by the kernel function
Ahem! The speed of light is not constant. The speed of light depends on the medium that the light is passing through.  I think the title should be, _"What If The Speed of Light_ *_in a Vacuum_* _is not constant?"_
All data on the speed of light available to Einstein came from the Earth. The Universe is rather extensive; Einstein simply assumed that the speed of light must be the same everywhere. This is Einstein's biggest blunder.    c is a function of energy for huge energies, ie. E=mc(E)^2. This could have happened in the early universe, then in some huge stars, or during nuclear explosions. Maybe it's time to test those ideas; JWST seems like an excellent tool.
What if light has a minimal speed limit? its proven light can be slowed by passing through a medium. possibly cosmic inflation was light traveling through "nothing" creating space until the balance was achieved of matter density. Also if light has no mass but is energy how can E=MC squared if light has no mass? please explain. sorry for my poor description of my idea but I'm not that clever.
-depends on the medium through which the light is traveling.  -and If light can be affected directionally by gravitational forces, then one must suspect that velocity may also be affected.
A paper by Dr. Barry Setterfield indicates that there are indeed observable changes in the speed of light, using the measurements of the speed of light over the last century or two.
The walls in your photon clocks are not parallel. So the photons would not bounce between the walls but rather be gone in no time.
how does variable c through time break lorentz invariance? i can understand how non-uniform c does, observers in different locations could disagree about order of a third event they both observe, but if they are separated only through time, their observations would have to match and the hypothesis of c(t) wouldn't necessarily imply it's still changing
FROM WHAT I HEARRD THE SPEEED OF LIGHT CHANGES MINUTLY. AS THE SPEED  OF LIGHT AND THE NUMBER IS THE AVERAGE THAT HAS BEEEN AGREED TO BE THE SPEEDD OF LIGHT. YET THE AVERAGE WAS TAKEN TO GET IT. AND THAT IS THEIR CONCENSUS. SO HENCE WHY THEY CAN'T FIGURTE OUT THE REAL UNIVERSE. AS WE GO THROUGH DIFFFERENT MEDIUMS WHICH AFFECT THE LIGHT AS MASS INCREASES DECREASES. LIKE I SAID MINULTY BUT IT FLUCTUATES ANDD THE SPEEDD OF LIGHT WE KNOW IS  BASED ON A CONCENSUS OF THE AVERAGE OF THE SPEED OF LIGHT.
I love the prospect of catching up on the comments of everyone who has already faded from existence, as if the response is the last sign that they existed.
I've always liked the idea that the speed of light and consequently, the speed of causality is a necessary limitation because the computer that's simulating our universe doesn't have infinite resources and has to limit the simulation similar to the clock speed of a CPU. Fun idea, not that it's really anymore testable than what happened before the big bang.
Relativity has failed, where you been, and everything your talking about is what we’ve been trying to get a grasp of since 1910. Time is time, we don’t know the constant value. I hope nobody is consulting a clock right now, because time isn’t referring to earth time in anyway. Not even atomic vibrations, before you bring that up. Now start thinking, it’s hard, right?
If always wondered what happens to the speed of light near and in a black hole
Can you do a video on the recent paper proposing that time ticked slower in the early universe?
I seem to recall watching a Rupert Sheldrake video in which he plots variations in measurements of the speed of light and bemoans scientists' rigid dismissal of same despite the evidence (always finding some excuse for why the measurement, rather than their belief in the constancy of the speed of light, is wrong). He's been pointing out such close-mindedness in science for decades. Undeterred, he remains curious, diligent, and brilliant. He has many mind-blowing hypotheses that he continues to explore to advance human knowledge
I've found the scientific community generally pans thease kind of theories. Rupert Sheldrake famously got his ted talk banned for presenting the "Dogmas" of science. One of thease "Dogmas" was the universe has constants. What if the universe is actually dynamic with changing constants?   I am on the side of the larger scientific community on this. There is simply not much evidence for a dynamic universe like that. Not to mention, the idea implicitly makes the entire scientific method more of a philsophocal debate than anything usefull.  I think this should be a reminder to believe that science has constants because of the overwhelming evidence. Not the dogmatic "science has constants because it has to."
is it ironic that the metric system was invented for the common person, but now you need millions of dollars worth of equipment in order to confirm the meter?
Someone is finally addressing the most obvious question! What if the speed of light isn't a constant? Well, regardless of your answer, the fact is that as long as we can modify the speed of light then the speed of light is NOT a constant. We modify it all the time in various ways! We can even slow it down to crawl... And that means that things can indeed move faster than light when it's moving slower than they are.
EDIT: Re-wrote to be a bit more concise:   Prior to 2019, the meter, which is used to measure the speed of light, was defined using the distance from the equator to the north pole.  It was changed to instead be defined by the speed of light.  So, since 2019, the meter is defined by the speed of light, the speed of light is defined by the meter and the second, and the second is defined by the meter and the speed of light.  All three are circularly defined and treated as constants.  If any one of them changes, no one will ever know....
I had to rewatch that pretty prism simulation several times. That was really good.
Right, the speed of light differs with the medium it transfers through.  Probably differs with different spsce conditions. Space, Matter, and Time 🤔
Three speeds of light- local solar system, intra-galactic, extra-galactic?  Gravity effects light speed- Blackholes right? How about a more subtle effect.....
I used to have a car that traveled at the speed of light, but I was afraid to drive it at night.  I wasn't sure if the headlights would work.
973
What's with the sound quality?
So much of our understanding of the universe is limited to observations of various forms of light... we are just scratching the surface of information about particles and observations beyond those limitations, no?
How could you tell whether it was the speed of light that was or was not variable, or the vectorized direction, frame of reference driven variation of everything else that was or was not variable? Doesn't Einstein's theory basically say that there's no way to know?
The Universe is filled with virtual particles that appear and disappear at incredibly short timescales. Do/can photons interact with them? If so, the density of virtual particles in a given volume could act as "drag" on the photon. Would that "density" be orders of magnitude higher in the early Universe and the corresponding drag be greater in nonlinear ways?
One thing that sometimes confuses me a little is the way the word "constant" gets used. For instance, the speed of light has to be invariant with respect to boosts, but it isn't necessary that it be constant over time. Energy in an isolated system is constant over time, but it certainly isn't invariant with respect to boosts. The Hubble constant is not invariant (in fact, it's only defined for one reference frame), nor is it remotely constant over time, but it is constant over space.  Maybe when we talk about "constants," we should be clear what we mean by that. Constant with respect to what?
Agree that speed of light doesn't need to vary but recent work by Dragan and Ekert show that you can reproduce quantum effects by considering superluminal observers. Would love to see an episode of this show that covers this.
If light cannot escape a black hole, it's speed can be changed.  Otherwise it would escape the black hole.
..in the introduction the second is incorrectly refered to as the old definition (by the speed of light), its no longer defined as that... the second is defined as the transition freq between two superfine transitions of the cesium atom at ground state AKA the cesium frequency (ΔνCs) of 9 192 631 770 transitions/s (below 4 K, at 1atm and on Earth(in the presence of a gravitational well of roughly 9.8NmS^-1) movin at a orbilat speed of aprox 30kmS^-1 around the sun...the measued cesium atom has a velocity vector in relation to the center of the universe and is affected by it )
I’ve been saying for 20 years that if time is relative then so is the speed of light and everything else.  Einstein was wrong. Time can not be relative it is constant. Your brain is the problem.
We already know that it isn't.  They've been able to slow it down in labs and if a black hole can keep light from escaping, that means the gravitational pull can actually stop photons.
What if time was not constant? If time in our region was slowed or slowing other solar systems or galaxies would appear to rotate at greater speeds as with dark matter, and their ressession would appear to accelerate as with dark energy. If there are "time waves" similar to gravitational waves would riding through the peak and trough of such waves create time variance?
Speed of light is slower in glass speed of light is "C" in the vacuum of space. Speed of light is faster than C    in media we cannot yet detect... subspace
I've been saying this for years ever since I started smoking.
The Big bang expansion never happened. the big bang was one or more waves of energy disturbing space time to form matter in place.  Imagine a still pond  with a thin layer of pollen covering the entire surface evenly, then imaging a pebble or a stone dropped in the center of that pond.  the waves would redistribute the pollen into clusters and over time each cluster would appear to drift away from each-other if this pond has no shoreline and was infinite.
It’s a constant the same as an image in a reflection
As mentioned in this episode "The speed of light is just the unit conversion factor between our arbitrary choice of spatial and temporal units" and I think it creates a good link to an interesting subject for a next video: the Einstein and E. A. Milne discussion of what concept is more fundamental: "distance" or "time". On one side you have those "rigid bodies" with the need of two observers while on the other hand you have "two times at the same place" and just one observer. I'm with Milne on this one.
Einstein left open the possibility. Since it is impossible to measure the speed of light from point A to point B, we may never know. But it may not matter.
In the theoretical scenario where light has slowed down what happens to a particle already traveling at 0.9c? C just dropped. Does the particle become a tachyon? If so it gained infinite energy. If it slows down, what process slows it?
Is the speed the same despite your speed because of time dilation?
Speed of light not 100's slower. Mandela? Not objecting, perhaps losing mind.
Methinks light is a super fluid, it acts as a wave under turbulent flow, and a particle under laminar flow. Maybe....
If you watch any wave on Earth and the way light bounces back  and the way light disperses in air and water among other, it is obvious that the light speed is not the same in two ways. It is probably instant in one way and slower and variable the other way.
Nikola Tesla knew.
The speed of information changes when a beauty comes in sight 😉
@Matt and team, thanks for all the videos you are making. I am learning allot from them. I have a question though, if you find time to answer it. Could there not be a relationship between entropy, the speed of causality and gravity?  What if entropy increases, meaning there are more configurations in a particular piece of space. is there a relationship between how long it would take the universe to "calculate" all these possible configurations, slowing down time. this could explain why time slows down near massive objects, since there is more entropy going on there since there is more energy in a given piece of space. Or is this a silly idea? Thanks again for all the videos!
It's not light slows as it passes through an object like your hand and a flashlight or fog
Ok so a bit of topic maybe, but I get stuck on the speed of light changing with ultra high early universe energies. I wondered about this for a while: If you cram in all the energy in the universe in a small space: (1) Do photons get wavelenghts that exceed the actual width of the very early universe they are in? and (2) If this is impossible (and why shouldn't it be?) does this mean there is a maximum energy a photon can have? and does this mean that (3) the energy in the early universe had to be stored in a minimun number of photons and isn't this some meaninful measure of a granularity of space time? and (4) is this maximum energy a photon can have changing with the expansion of the universe? Maybe someone out there can fry my brain some more with a knowledge bomb or point me in the right direction? Oh, and thanks Matt and everybody at spacetime, love you to quantum bits!
If the sped of light decreased we wouldn't notice, because how we measure time is base don the speed on light.  Whoa!  <mindblow>.
What if the speed of causality changes over time? What if the speed of time changes over time?
Light does not change speed, but it does change "rate" due to time dilation. Extrapolating from the fact that satellites in orbit "experience" more time than we earthlings; voids in space experience even more time. Empty voids in spacetime do 2 things: they transmit and they expand at c - but with a faster clock. A photon from a distant supernova traveling through a void would experience the faster clock and so more spacetime expansion than we do. Shifting to the red... like what we observe - no dark energy required.
Given the speed of light is dictated by the permittivity and permeability of free space c=1/√(ε0μ0), could the question instead be: can these 2 'constants' ever be different?
As far as I have learned, the speed of light ONLY exists for the observer. (Light itself is not bound by distance, light is instantaneous)
What would happen if the Higgs field had a variable density?
I love when they refer to C as the Speed of Causality - that name packs so much more punch and better highlights why its important. C being the speed of light is interesting and all, and true, sure, but... it's like talking about Neil DeGrasse Tyson's varsity wrestling career. Factual, but not particularly significant in the greater context.
I beleive it is not a constant and it varies when near a mass. This is known but held as a secret... for what is not known.
I enjoy questioning the seemingly unquestionable. Great work!
I'm actually quite OK with skipping comment section in videos.
That rotating SPACE cube was surprisingly disturbing to watch :-)
What if stands in the corner stiff
if a person is travelling in one direction and light travels so many metres per second relative to them, and the same metres per second to the stationary observer, then a beam of light travelling parallel to the moving person will travel so many metres in a given time from that travelling person's point of view, but it wil travel less metres from the stationary person's point of view, right?
"Science" that fails to take into account that this universe is a sim is now very, very, very extremely outdated.   This universe is a sim. Scientific proof already exists that it is. A lot of it. A whole lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot.  Yep. A whole bunch.  Bunches and bunches and bunches.  The question that REALLY needs to be answered is "How to stop victimization by the sim?"  NOW you're cooking with gas.
I have a small point to make, which probably has a perfectly sensible response, but, when referring to the detection of cosmic background radiation, observing red shifts of receding light sources in general etc., what are the chances that Earth (i.e. us) are actually in the middle of things? If the big bang was actually a point at the centre of a three dimensional expansion, or indeed a two dimensional one, are our observations identical in all directions? We humans have a habit of assuming that we are at the centre of all things ;-)
So the universe expanded faster than the speed of light? Im confused now 😅
What if we had the balls to just say we haven't a clue what's really happening.
A similar question could be asked about h (Plank's constant) being variable in a flat space. It will cause matter to shrink close to massive objects, showing length contraction, or the chance of a particle being closer to the mass object higher than being away, thus showing gravity. Could you please cover that as well? I feel like it will mean that at super high densities, mater can still condense into infinite density, without breaking any law of physics.
I am absolutely floored that you completely ignored all of Einstein's own work on VSL! You guys didn't do your homework on this episode 😒
What if Planck's constant is also changing to compensate for the change in the speed of light so that the fine structure constant remains constant? 🙃
It isn’t constant.
Disregarding whether the speed of light in a vacuum changes, there's the fact that there's no true vacuum, just very diffuse gas with additional virtual particles constantly popping in and out of existence, as I understand it.  And it may not matter, but every place in empty space has energy streaming through it from stars in all directions, which may affect virtual particle formation.  Since light travels slower through denser transparent matter, and space was denser in the past in both the matter in each part of space and in the energy passing through it, it stands to reason that light actually traveled through space slower in the past.  I'm curious to know if that effect has been included in the calculations.
Sorry if the question is dumb, but from your explanation of the Lorenz Invariance I remembered a thought experiment I'd heard about, where one observer stands equal distances from two targets and shoots a laser at both at the same time, they would see both hitting the signs at the same time, but to an observer moving close to the speed of light towards one of the targets would see the light hitting that target first, and this would apply to both targets. Is this not a violation of that Lorenz Invariance?
Why would light behave differently in deep space that makes no sense to me
Thank you for exploring the idea! Ya awesome!
I would love an episode on why light is slower in different materials and some frequencies slower than others. Or is there an episode I've missed?
People often comment on the strangeness of quantum mechanics, but the weirdness of invariance comes pretty close.   Just try to think through a few examples of observers in different reference frames, measuring the speed of light emitted from someone else, who is travelling either toward them, or away from them, at relativistic speed. The fact that they measure the same value for *c* for the emitted light, irrespective of whether they are moving towards, or away from the source of the emitted light, is insane. It just makes no sense.   If I understand it correctly, *both* observers will see the other persons clock running more slowly than their own, irrespective of whether they are moving towards, or away from each other. This must be consistent with the principle of invariance, but it does not explain it. It still does not explain the measured result, when the observers measure the speed of the light emitted from the other observer. I have tried thinking this through very carefully, and cannot make sense of it. Am I missing something?   The only thing I am certain of: if you think you understand it, you don't.
@4:28.  You don't have to increase the distance between the Mirrors to slow the clock.  A wave (Up and down) can hold more data in the line in the same space.  IMO.
Enjoy the postapocalipsis 😂
This must be a simulation 😅
At 4:52 I noticed the rotating cube that has the letters S-P-A-C-E on its 4 vertical faces. Nice paradox to explain the Variable Speed of Light, but was it planned that way? 😉
Is there anything that can go faster than light can through some medium? For example, if light travels through some material at 0.8c, is there anything that can go through the material faster than 0.8c? Perhaps gravitational waves, or a super fast neutrino?
Could light actually loose energy while moving ?  or spends it on propelling itself? Probably not gonna change much in cosmology except no need to look for dark energy anymore
I am intrigued that gravity waves have been measured to propagate at the same speed as that of light.  This is not an obvious result to have expected since light speed is determined by the more fundamental constants, the permeability and permittivity of the vacuum.  So, I ask this question: why should gravity waves give a hoot about the permeability and permittivity of the vacuum?  Some musing on this curiosity is that they are both traveling through an ether with a density that both observe.  But the Michelson-Morley experiment disproved the ether theory, didn't it?  Well, maybe not.  The experiment was a classical thought experiment and not a quantum mechanical one.  The vacuum "ether" is definitely a quantum mechanical beasty meaning that it would not have a velocity in any particular direction like a cumulonimbus cloud.  Its constituents are here at one moment and gone the next (the quantum soup of virtual particles).  Because the gravity wave is not accompanied by a moving mass, it must be the compression and relaxation of this quantum ether that we call space-time.  It does beg the question: has this density been the same since time zero (and I suppose before then?).  The follow-on question then turns to the nature of space-time.  Gravity is said to be a field with masses (and presumably anti-masses) always attracting, never repelling.  However. space-time may in places be of positive curvature (gravity would have to overcome this field effect before attractive acceleration would occur), negative curvature (that which would eventually give is the big crunch) or flat.  This idea separates (and marries) the notions of "gravity", "gravity waves" and space-time curvature.  What I'm hinting at is that dark energy may be the latter, a positive curvature field that gravity must first overcome before masses observe Newtonian or relativistic attraction.  In a universe teeming with symmetries, perhaps the universe's birth created negative curvature forcing a positive curvature at its boundaries and beyond so that the net field observed from beyond the universe retains flatness.    This would be a nice theory for explaining inflation (initial very high negative curvature induces very high positive curvature around it).  Inflation has always bothered me as a convenient hat trick with no explanation in physics.  Inflation ties into this "speed of light" question I think.
the rotating SPACE-cube is awesome
An elegant alternative hypothesis, no? No. 😂
👽 Hello Earthers, we travel to your planet all the time!! Requiring us to travel faster than light.
4:55 Wow. I love that the cube of space has seven sides :D  Not sure if mistake or intended, but fun either way 😊
3:04 wait wait wait. A second is defined via Vibration in a (Celaesium?) atom, right? Not via c
The heliocentric big bang cosmology isn’t our reality, it’s all nonsense, the speed of light is a myth as well, did you know buoyancy and density cease to exist in free fall
if the speed of light is decreasing, then this may indeed explain the logarithmic inflation of distances. Similarly, the decrease in the maximum speed of information flow (I agree with this appellation, I'm almost bragging about having been plagiarized lol) can result from a change in the "fluid" medium in which the energy quantum flows. And in this context, interaction with the antiuniverse explains it. Note that c is never accurately measured in a similar way, the known "c" is deliberated by an institute, not by science. Finally, for me, "c" is a function of the entropy level of the universe, but that's just my impression. In fact, at instant zero of the big bang, when all mass was folded into one point, "c" was factually equal to infinity.
? Anyone else notice this may be AI generated???
I still can't get past the fact that an Australian can understand physics... It just blows my mind.
The scale factor, $a(t)$, can be interpreted as implying $c = c_0 \sqrt{a(t)}$. You wouldn't notice that change in the moment, but it should be possible to discern when comparing two times using the ruler of one of them. It's a bit like monetary inflation. A dollar is a dollar, but that dollar 20 years ago bought you twice as much as it does today.  Start with the usual metric $ds^2 = c^2d\tau^2 = cdt^2 - a(t) dx^2$. That's a normed split-complex number (or hyperbolic quaternion if dx is a 3-vector) of the form $cd\tau = |cdt + j \sqrt{a(t)} dx|$ where $j^2=1$. Now, divide both sides by $c$ and you get $d\tau = |dt + j \frac{\sqrt{a(t)}}{c}dx|$. You can then square that term and shove it in the definition of $j$ for a final form of $d\tau=|dt +jdx|$ where $j=\sqrt{\frac{a(t)}{c^2}}=\sqrt{c_0^{-2}}$. That term defines the relation between the two coefficients of the split-complex.  It's worth noting that GR also implies that $cd\tau\times dx$ is invariant regardless of relative velocity or gravity which includes expansion of the universe. It's not so obvious in Minkowski space-time as the manifold is infinite there but you can calculate the surface volume of the hypersphere in Euclidean space-time for any given time $t$ (since the big bang) and work out what $dt$ is relative to $dt_0$ at some time $t_0$. _This assumes the gravitational potential and velocity relative to the CMB is the same between the two points in time._ It's the same in Minkowski space-time between points on any two hyper-hyperbolic paraboloid surface volumes. It'd might make more sense to do this in terms of a Lorentz-like $\gamma(t)dt$ rather it being a different $dt$ since a second is always a second, just some are shorter or longer than others as if you are using a different unit system at different times.  Note, the equations would be easier to read if you copy this into a Markdown or LaTeX editor. Kind of a shame YT only has partial Markdown support. I replaced the $\mathrm{d}$ with $d$ so it's at least a little less cluttered but it's still a difference operator, not a separate variable. I would have replaced $\frac{a}{b}$ with $a/b$ but then I'd have to rearrange some equations in annoying ways to avoid ambiguity.
Still contemplating origins of cosmos. Let's say in an infinite there is infinite void and its composed with light I it.. of everything in an jnfknite is the same the size of matter has no bearing in an jnfinite system since small or large has no meaning when it's all a constant choas, and the bands of light are everywhere. Applying higgsboson theory...    Picture a box thst is infinite , it's filled with a Grey ubiquitous color we are using to mean the condition of light being everywhere and anywhere at the same constant, in this mode, movement and speed mean nothing since it's relative to itself and thus it's infinite speed and yet no speed it's all an jnfjnite filling of the same substance with no beginning and end... now let's say something came.upon the void and chord o fthe harmonic song of the universe, Higgs boson which creates speed through cresting mass by cresting interaction with light thus we get cavitation and compressions of light captured in Higgs fields and so light has nonspeed but gravity created speed or space and time as we know it by in how it interests with it... remove Higgs boson, gravity of attraction ND light being bale to jntersct it would snap like a rubber band in the infinite like nothing existed.. because nothing existed yet all the potential and system I thst what we Salk space exists from the interaction of light. We have an intelligence operating on a system thst has all knowledge of light cresting life in it, but can cease to exist in an instance by removing a state of jnteraction... all from gravity energy crested from interaction of light.. someone could ask where did light come from.  Light existed everywhere already without end and beginning in a void..  only frkmnhiggs field interacting with light donwe get these cavitation of voids of light and dark and stars and so the basis of logic of reality is from mostly cause and effect relation but analyze it too far it's pretty dull creation thst is along the lines of suffering then truth or could be made better since it's just energy... etc.. if you analyze life it's a spontaneous creation as a larger unit exploring a field it can exist  and must change to understand and survive..   in the void or living Ina cavitation in which light now is bound, which explains why light forms intonspheres because it's how Higgs acts.on light, but light always wants to move... ljke a rubber band attempting to snap back to it's original state. A funny theory about light..  Which makes war conflict and human problem an idiot problem of cruelty...  so light is infinite speed yet has no speed... what creates movement is a need for it j a reference to an act.. so tsuddenly the universe was in existence everywhere. Infinitely.. lol
Surely if the universe is expanding and accelarting light would have to accelerate to catch up with it?
I like this episode, as i've been advocating to change the way we name everything, and the workings of it. I prefer to call it Space-Dynamics, because people get too confused about Time, and frankly, i still don't think that Time has much to do with Space. Time superficially is the thing that seems to be everywhere and supercedes Space, but i think it's useless to put such an emphasis on it, because i don't think it really matters how long something lasts in the grand scale of things.  It's still thermodynamics and entropy that creates and dictates time, so why not go back to that instead of focusing on the "product" of these forces? And considering that time is always relative, and like i already "knew" that time doesn't actually move at the same speed all the time, i just don't think it is useful to waste time on writing/pronouncing the extra word of "time". It's like calling a car a "vehicle $150.000", even though the price changes by the day, in 10 years it might be worth a grand, but we'd still call it the "vehicle $150.000", for no real reason other than that it used to cost $150.000 at some brief moment in time.  I do think that dark energy (and/or dark matter) might be involved and "messing" with many forces and factors. But yeah, apparently they break physics, but still... i am convinced that there's another way to explain things. I just can't put it into words, because i lack the jargon and i am just a simple street cleaner, but yeah, my gut tells me that in a few years, we might be looking at things a bit differently.
Question : Given at some point we eventually discover the secret for time travel to the past, Is it possible the big bang was created by the almost infinite amount of time travelers going back in time at the exact moment it started ?
If light-speed is the "speed of causation" and distance and time are scaled together with respect to light-speed, then how is it meaningful to say that the universe expanded faster than light?
My understanding is that there is no scientific evidence in support of inflation
Shouldn't the smoothy path appear parabolic to the third person observer, not linear, assuming the bus is not accelerating?
Any logically thinking person that knows that light can be distorted and bent by gravity have already known that light speed is not a constant, how can something affected by gravity ever be a constant.  Anything that can so easily be affected by an outside contributor can never be a constant.  Also anything measured in a vacuum is going to be a constant.  With that being said hasn't it already been proven that space is not a complete vacuum, and neither is our atmosphere.
I recently starting thinking about the upper-bounds of information exchange in relativistic physics, it's very nice to see a video about these things \o/ <goblin brain theory>If information exchange between quanta is the only tangible link from relativistic to quantum physics, there's no need for areas that aren't part of observation to evolve their states -- without any interaction there would be no need for time progression in any meaningful way -- until there was need for the system to rectify the information. We observe almost uncountable amounts of information as bags of sensors, biologically making tools that are highly integrated with constant forces moving through them and thus affecting us in a measurable way, so the system evolves in clock-step of very linear feeling time due to the absolute wealth of stateful changes. But, in vast swathes of the universe, meaningful interactions would be exceedingly rare and the effect of stateful evolution when occluded by these swathes could result in imperfect measures</goblin brain theory>
The sciences have become tainted by feelings, job security, lab lock(no in field exploration).
1st thing: Space isnt a vacuum.  2nd thing: The light coming from distant stars has to pass through the cosmic soup to reach us. Which slows down light.
the big bang sounds to me like the same conundrum that we observe at the very small scales. to our macro world we can seemingly touch anything we like. we feel it we see it we can interact with it. but when you look closer and closer everything seems to be more and more spread apart. the same thing appears to happen when you look further and further back in time.  esssentially to me this suggests that due to our curiosity we have developed the ability to pear beyond the fabric of space and time as the larger and smaller the scale we observe the more spread out things get.  oddly the math would have you believe that at the instant the big bang occured everything was unified to a singularity. but when you look out into the sky you see the complete opposite. everything becomes so spread apart that at the very edges uniformity is everywhere. i dont think this is a coincidence. it is either me misinterpretting the science or the scientists misinterpretting the results. the insonsistency is just too obvious to throw away.
Is it possible to get a reference or explanation for this? 5:53   It seems to say that because light isn’t involved, these phenomenon can’t be caused by a changing “speed of light.”   However, it’s not clear to me that a change in the speed of causality couldn’t still cause these effects.   It seems important.
great episode, wildly interesting ... THANKS
Ironically when scientists keep measuring the speed of light across years it changes speeds. But thats fine, all we have to do is base our units of measurement off of the currently measured speed of light, that way it always remains a constant.  So because of that across the years the length of a meter has changed. Now because we base the length of a meter off the speed of light the actual distance it changes is so miniscule that it doesnt actually matter when looking at any sort of terrestrial measurement. But just know that while the speed if light never changes, somehow light years get longer and shorter distance wise.  Remember kids, in science going the same speed does not mean going the same distance, just so we can proclaim something as a "universal constant".
I don't like cosmic inflation. It's too convenient... I just don't like it
The speed of light is not constant. If it was there wouldnt be a thing called  "red shift".
The Monad (first emanation of God):  Once upon a time there was a vast and empty void. It was an endless expanse of nothingness, with no matter, energy, or even light.  But within this emptiness, there was a tiny spark. It was a singularity, a point of infinite density and temperature, where the laws of physics as we know them break down. And from this spark, the universe was born.  At the very beginning of time, the universe was incredibly small and hot. All the matter and energy that would one day form galaxies, stars, and planets was packed into a tiny, zero-dimensional space. This space was so small that it could hold just a few elementary particles, the building blocks of matter.  But even in this tiny space, something incredible was happening. The particles were held together by a powerful force, known as the Strong Nuclear Force. This force is responsible for binding the protons and neutrons in the nucleus of an atom, and without it, the particles would simply fly apart.  As the universe expanded and cooled, the particles began to combine to form atoms, molecules, and eventually, the first stars and galaxies. And yet, even as the universe grew and evolved, the Strong Nuclear Force continued to hold the particles together.  As scientists peered deeper into the structure of matter, they discovered that the particles themselves were made up of even smaller building blocks, known as quarks. And once again, the Strong Nuclear Force was there, binding the quarks together to form protons and neutrons.  The story of the Strong Nuclear Force is intimately connected to the story of our universe. It is the force that holds matter together, from the smallest particles to the largest structures in the cosmos. Without it, the universe as we know it could not exist.  And so, as we gaze up at the stars and ponder the mysteries of the universe, let us remember the tiny, zero-dimensional space that holds our quarks together with the Strong Nuclear Force, and the role it has played in shaping our cosmic history.
Is that why it gets dark earlier in the winter xxx
Variations in the observed/measured speed of light in a vacuum have been recorded in lab conditions.  For the work and theories attributed to Einstein, wouldn't something along the lines of "When and where the speed of light in a vacuum is constant for all observers, the laws of Special and General Relativity apply" work just as well and maintain logical continuity?
to the fine structure constant: e, ɛ0, h or one or more of them could also have variable value over time, keeping α constant (if constant)
That at 1:06 is NOT a Lorentz transform, but a Galilei transform. What a pity.
Light cannot escape from a black hole.  Is this not an extreme case of light slowing down near a massive object?
Nooo, say it aint so ... I kindo' liked those VLS ideas. Thank you for this information. Thank you. - I still don't actually think vacuum is curved, hahaha. That's an old aether theory from grandpa's grandpa's day :P .
Nice episode :)
In the Three Body Problem series, they talk about how the universe has undergone various dimensional collapses, each of which has slowed the speed of light from the initial 10 dimensional universe, where light moved at infinite speed.
Does entropy also scale with the speed of light? If light were to slow to a crawl would the entropy the universe continue to increase at the same relative rate, would it increase or decrease?
Wait… If the speed of causality isn’t bound by distance or time, how could there ever be time dilation?
Perhaps the speed of light is inversely proportional to the current size of the universe. Hyperinflationary period - very fast; heat-death days - very slow  Maybe below a certain universal-constant threshold you get an instability that causes a new Penrose epoch.
My question is: How a muldimensional spacetime could effect time and the speed of light per Eric Weinstein model for example and also other similar authors on the same topic ? I would like to think in the direction of separate space and time unit that when light is closer to gravity or immense object that slows time. But still after a lot of research the light is constant.
I think about the speed of light as a speed of observability. Our brains use electrons to connect, this is the fastest thing that we operate with. If the speed of light changes - we won't notice it, cause our noticing would change too.
With all respect for your knowledge I have to ask you one question, if you could freeze the Photon what would happen, would it be dark, would time stop, a photon don't cares about time it is on it's way through space, so if someone could answer, thanks
I enjoyed watching the video, but I noticed that you are making some premature conclusions and assumptions. Additionally, I find it challenging to agree with the notion that a clock is synonymous with time. A clock is simply a measuring device; it does not represent time itself.
An interesting book to read about dealings with the speed of light is science fiction novel by Liu Cixin, Three Body Problem.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Three-Body_Problem_(novel)
""Time is the rate of change of universe"" =  change of space which makes up everything in the universe including humans = human body (slow change) and the ever vacillating mind (very rapid change = change over smallest instants of time). Thus human mind is where all space-time-causality = creation exists. More fundamentally, its the flow of ideas (aka space) in that mind (reflected as the outside universe) that really gives the notion of unidirectional flow of time in it.
It is not that difficult, speed of light depends on the density of the medium, that is, of space-time...
Wait. I'm going to need that video played around 7:00.
I take it that the Plank length wouldn't be the fundamental unit of space needed, in conjunction with a fundamental unit of time, to enable a meaningful change in the speed of light?
Oh gosh , my head has gotten bigger . I recommend u guys talk about sth more useful in the theoretical sense .
Dont we only know the two-way speed of light? Since its not possible to measure it one way.
I hate to be that guy, but your wheels on the train are moving against it's motion, suggesting it is not moving at a constant speed. Unless it's looking at it from another angle, but the smoothie orientation remains constant between frames.
Ever consider an entire episode dedicated to comment responses? Or does PBS not have funding for that?
Just a thought: Couldn't you think of a photon as standing still, while the expansion of space is causing it to move relative to other things, and in our reference frame we interpret this movement as light? As a glowstick in the dark, photographed with a long shutter speed?
If the fundamental forces all unify, then particles are a limit case of photons and they too would be affected by vacuum refractive index - but from the perspective of someone made of particles, it would look like spacetime curvature. Setting C=1 discourages people from looking at it this way. 00:06:05 Frame dragging doesn't disprove variable index models if you consider the vacuum to be anisotropic - which it is in the case of vacuum birefringence. Gravitational waves can be waves of refractive index - so I don't see how that isn't possible, especially because squeezed vacuum states have wave equation solutions.
How many times in history has some concept that was thought to be obviously true and that only hacks would disagree with but ended up being incorrect due to some paradigm shift?
Did anyone else notice the CUBE with letters "SPACE" had to actually have 5 vertical sides?
While I don’t believe in a variable speed of light. It would make sense for the speed of light to have changed, as the vacuum of space should have been a less perfect vacuum as the universe becomes more dense in the past.  Meaning the permeability and permittivity of space have been a dynamic system as space cannot have been uniform from the past until present if expanding.
Thought experiment: There is a highway around the moon. There is a car with a pendulum clock. The car accelerates, the pendulum clock becomes slower. Surprise, the formula on how the pendulum slows down is the same as for time dilation approaching c. Only c is replaced by the orbit speed of the moon.
Great videos. I like how in science even oversights are respected, don't you? Then something else is discovered.
0:40 - no it doesn't, it falls in a parabola.
I don't know why this idea is so unacceptable to some people. Einstein never said "c" was a constant, AFAIK. Rather, specifically, he said that (1) a finite speed limit to casualty, called "c" must exist, and (2) that number must be the same for all observers. Nothing about that number never changing.
i see hes gone for the fermilab style of excessive hand movement
i know sound can't be heard in space but would a bass speaker just not work or just be silent would it still produce sound waves.
OK, I'm a true novice on these things, but what I'm hearing is that the biggest arguments against a changing/variable speed of light is that it would really mess up a bunch of theories that seem to work. Ummm, that doesn't sound like a good reason - the Universe doesn't give a crap about our theories.
God I love this channel.. lol
Question: if the speed of light slows in a more viscous material (eg. from air into water), is the light we’re seeing of the bottom of a swimming pool travelling slower than the light reflecting off the surface? If light regains speed as it leaves the water, how? Where does the energy for acceleration come from? Can this be applied to the universe? Since we know light is affected by gravity, is there a “viscosity” of the universe, which changes around large mass objects?The light around such objects would be slower than vacuum space, right?
Sigh, there is too many weird paradoxes in the whole Space-Time gravity C relationship. Makes my head hurt every-time I think about it :/
The permittivity of free space depends on c, doesn't it? Wouldn't this make atoms unstable?
Well, we know that gravitational waves change the speed of light, because that is what we use to measure them... Of course it can be considered as changing the actual distance, not speed of light, but is it really a separate thing...
If the universe is expanding does that not mean the speed of light changes with it?
This is how science meet politics
Glad I watched the homework before this video.  It really helped.  Please keep doing that!
Light isn't slowing down it just hasn't caught up yet to the original expansion speed . Like a slinky going down steps the leading edge is moving at big bang speed and the rest of the spring will catch up.
How does it not end in 2:44?
This is very interesting because I've considered Variable Speed of Light not as an explanation of the universe, but as a way to have "faster than light" work in a fictional universe. With that the case, I believed that areas experiencing faster speeds of light would appear to be moving faster than you. Would that be the case in actuality, where other things "speed up" to match the faster light?
“Time is what clock measures” yes, a clock is a clock.😂 . . . Ok,yes I know what he meant, but surface level it’s still funny.
6:00 that diamond moment
Why is C C?   Would a universe still exist if C had always been slightly different (1m/s faster or slower, 10m/s faster or slower, 100m/s faster or slower)?   Is there a range in which C would have existed and there would still be a universe?  Is there a range at which if C existed, the universe couldn't?
So you mentioned at the start of the video but if the speed of light is better understood as the speed of causality then it shouldn't matter what the speed of light actually is during which time period because we'd still gain the same measurement. Right? Like if the speed of light is 299,792,458 m/s and you measured the speed of light from 100 million light-years away or something you'd expect to find the same speed of light even if 100 million years ago the speed of light was faster or slower. Veritasium did a video like that where Derek put forward the truth that we know the speed of light only in terms of a return path and so can't measure the straight path speed of the speed of light, he then explained that even if causality was traveling at a different speed in a local setting it would still necessarily look like it was the same speed. The frame rate of the universe is really weird.
c is absolute (Einstein relativity) because Einstein refers to a relative moving observer towards or away of a light source who however (and here is the tricky part) is assumed sees the light already. The observer is already engulfed by the EM waves of this light! Similar to a swimmer inside a wavy sea. The propagation speed of the waves going towards or away from the observer does not change and is independent to the observer's velocity but only the frequency of the waves (Doppler effect) hitting the observer changes and therefore also vice versa the separation of the observer from the waves (wavelength) but the propagation speed of the waves remains the same absolute non-relative value c=λf. However, if the shooting light from a moving source has not yet reached the moving observer (swimmer) then the speed of light becomes relative to the observer's motion (Galilean relativity). Thus, the faster the observer moves towards the light source the less time will pass for the light reaching the observer. Therefore now the speed of light becomes relative and not absolute to the observer's motion and faster than c if the observer moves towards the light source and the light has not yet reached the observer.
Editors, Love how you put the 5 letter word SPACE onto a 4 sided rotating cube. Well done.
Variable speed of light gives me three body problem vibes
This is my comment BEFORE watching the video. If the speed of light isn't constant, then nothing would make sense. Far off galaxies may be closer; nearby galaxies may be farther; nuclear processes would be inconsistent therefore estimating distances via Cepheid variables would be near impossible. Some will see an opportunity by allowing such variability. Others will feel a headache coming. Or maybe "c" has been constant until now but not in the future, which would beg the question as to what is so special about the current cosmological moment, however defined. Now, I'll watch the video.
Looks like the algorith m is back on the menu boys, this showed up on my feed.
What if photon is not massless and indeed moves slower than the speed of causality?
What if space itself is non substance which doesn't interfere with matter, it's quantity is limited at bing bang and as universe expand its density changes. And movement can be considered as passing through a amount of matter and is calculated by us. As universe expand due to change in density of the substance less substance is crossed at the same time so speed of casuality (information) slows down. {As space is considered a substance the potential energy it contains can be called dark energy}!!!
"...the rate at which one piece of space can communicate with it's neighbors..."   This presupposes that there is some form of quantized media throughout which information can propagate. Do we actually have any proof of such a scaffolding structure? Is it really quantized or is it a contiguous gradient carrying quantized information? Can I stick it in a vice and bend it? Will it blend? 😉👍
In the very early universe, I heard the Weak and Electromagnetic forces were combined into 1 force.  Could that cause the speed of light to change?
It's constant to the local laws, gravity affects it, therefore the speed of light is variable. The fact that we accept Black Holes are certain proves that the speed of light is variable
The speed of light is a relativistic constant. You're measuring the relationship between the cosmic speed limit and the fabric of space time. It doesn't matter which one is fixed, or even if either are fixed, the relationship itself is fixed.
I've actually been saying this for years. The speed of light is not constant. In fact, light can change direction and turn back on itself.
In physics even the speed of light can be challenged, but in climate science it’s settled before any debate began, and any challenges are deemed heretical and a “denier”. Any time you have science that cannot be challenged it is politics and propaganda not science
What if the one-way "speed" of causality changes wildly, an ocean in a storm (video game reference), choosing all possible speeds just as a particle chooses all possible paths? The idea is that the only thing we are able to perceive is what appears to be the round-trip speed, which is why it seems so smooth, but I don't know how original that thought is, or even if the math works out.
it is hard to ask "why" for many seeming laws of physics. I think richard feynman had a good talk on an airplane about that sort of thing
"[...] we'd need to change the connection between space and time [...]" Wow... that gives me an idea... hm... let's see what happens if...
Maybe light is the only stationary thing, we cannot go slower than a dead stop, everything moves around it eh?
Didn't address the oneway speed of light potentially being different, from the averageof the two way speed?   Or untested theory of Dark Matter/Energy and String but are generally accepted...
I always find SpaceTime interesting.  Whenever I want to hear about current dogma, I come here.  Since dogma assumes Einstein’s theories are wrong and quantum theories are correct, I am inclined to believe the opposite.  What made Einstein great was that he rebelled dogma, and I believe that the next great physicists who makes the next great leap will likewise rebel against dogma.  Why?  Well, for one, since dogma means everyone believes a certain point of view, the fact that so much brain power leans towards one side and no one can make a breakthrough suggests that they’re just wrong.  If we had YouTube 60 years ago, I would have loved to see Penrose make a YouTube Channel.  He is fairly alone in believing that not only GR needs revision, but QM is fundamentally wrong as well.
I have been asking similar questions since my undergrad days.  Why do we assume time is constant in all dimensions?
The problem I think is that people cannot grasp a concept of "speed of causality" that is not tied to the everyday concept of speed. I always like to explain it in terms of conways game of life. Imagine the underlying mechanism of the universe to be something like a cellular automata. Now every "tick" of it, adjacent cells can interact. While we can speed up or slow down from the outside of such a simulation, from the inside, there is no notion of how fast a "tick" is, as everything is happening as those tickes, every perception and measurement too. Any spacetime warping and thus time dilatation inside there could be described as the amounts of ticks for something to be relative different to each other. In that way time is kinda an emergent property of the distance of cells.
I'm curious about how did they come up with the speed of light. And people always mention the speed of light in equations and such. Is there some kind of experiment or something where they figured it out or it was it just mathematical equations.
What if Light actually looses energy over huuuuuge distances, and the universe isn't really expanding? 🤔
Where''s the Undefeated Champions of the Universe T-shirt for sale ?
to have a meaningful guage of time passing we should have a the speed of causality be the constant in our equation. so mters per cause. miles per cause. light year per cause.
I think the speed of light is the speed at which the medium of space and the medium of time can interact with each other, in order to increase the speed of light you have to further increase the "overlapping" of space and time, the problem with that is altering your space (the physical space you occupy) alters your time (the temporal space you occupy), and it appears to be inversely related, the more matter you have the less time affects you (faster you travel the more relative mass you have but the slower time moves for you), you could theoretically increase both (therefore allowing ftl travel) by overlapping time and space, creating what we call a worm hole
If the speed of light determines the speed of time, and if slowing the speed of light slows the speed of time, then how would you know that the speed of light slowed down when the time you use to measure the speed of light slows down proportionately with the speed of time.  The speed of light would always appear to travel the same speed to an observer no matter what.
Have we tried measuring the speed of light from very far away for earth? I imagine the speed of light could be related to “our earth time” .. affected by the earth, sun, solar system, black hole in the centre of our galaxy?  Since time is relative .. is there a way to test that?
4:30 I don't think you can compare it like this, you are basically saying "if speed of light determines the time then if we slow the speed of light it slows the speed of time" but it literally only is in this example you showed that way, at least from what was explained
It looks like variable spacetime density.
Sorry matt I'm still trying to reconcile Drake's initial equation Stephen was wrong black holes don't necessarily evaporate we're all aware that hawking radiation is actually anti matter, as Feynman put it anti matter is time trying to run backward, could at some time a white hole appear with the rate of inflation comparable to cosmic inflation damn you 156-162 matt did you see the images they rendered from a computer model that stimulated dark energy it looked like pure chaos I'm really excited about constructor theory as I heard they locked a cell into a superposition particle accelerator scientist confirmed that yes that is possible it could be one of the keys to reanimation along with immortal jellyfish and undead wild dog gene therapy dark quantum vortex physics like what is the true speed of dark🙆
I hope Matt O’Dowd wins every award for science communication and also makes a million dollars.  LOVE Spacetime.
"If"
Matt made a minor error at 19:07 when he responded to my comment.  He mentioned the linear deceleration of two black holes involved in a head-on collision, but neglected to mention the linear acceleration just prior to the collision, as each of the black holes falls toward the other.      For thoroughness, I'll also mention its similarity to the collision of two massive alien spaceships: ramming speed at RAMA speed.
Is the existence of time dependent upon the expansion of space?
This video seemed to focus mostly on time-varying light speed. But what if the speed of light changes based on direction?  I had professors tell me that the speed of light is actually the round trip speed of light, and that if light has a different speed based on direction, that we wouldn’t be able to tell a difference (assuming the average speed is still c). Is this true? Would it have any observable implications?
Sometimes i imagine special and general relativity as pinatas that scientist keep smahing at, hoping they will break and spill all that delicious new physics on the floor😂. Speaking of constants that may not be constant...has there been any theoretical progress for explaining the Hubble tension? Particularly since the measurement by JWST fits right in the middle between the other two.
the wheels of the train carriage rotated in the wrong direction
Wait a second.  You were explaining how nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, and then at @7:52 you claim that the cosmic inflation did indeed happen much faster than the speed of light.   So how do you square those two ideas?
maybe you could do a dedicated comment response video in between episodes, that combines topics from multiple videos like this one (but go through more comments). i would imagine doing a comment video would be much, much less work than a proper scripted episode (?)
It isn't constant.  As far as I am aware no one ever said it was.  The speed of light through water for instance is vastly slower than through air.  What you have to remember is that the speed of light in A VACUUM is approx 300,000 KM/S, ( 186,000Miles/sec)  which is an absolute maximum, and cannot, as far as we know, be exceeded.
Isn't it simple. Speed of light depends on electrical and magnetic permittivity of the medium. So, a change in medium characteristics (like in early universe) will affect the speed of light.
What if your face isn't constant?
universe size in one dimension is 1/h
Please correct me if I'm wrong, but in the comparison at 4:30, it is stated that time slows down when the speed of light is also slowed down. So far, so good. In the lower example, it is said that time slows down when distance increases. And that's where I disagree. The speed in Example 3 is the same as in 1 (blue dot), but time passes as slowly as in Example 2 (red clock). When the distance is extended, but the speed remains constant, time does not slow down, only the light takes longer. The representation of the "clocks" is not clocks but rather counters, which increment each time the light has overcome the distance between the mirrors.
holy crap, you look really unheathy, really run down.  take a long time off to recoup your health.  health first.  come back when you've got life back in your cheeks, n look less like a corpse.  are you getting enough sun, rest, play, exercise, nutrition, n play?  how long are your telomeres?  i'll bet you've shrunk the ends burning too hot n hard  leaning into the stress too long.  rest is gooood.  ;)  food=medicine.  just sleep, eat and play.  be well.  :)  all the best.
Hi, can you do an episode on liquid metallic hydrogen?
A very similar question: What if the universe isn't expanding, but light loses energy over time simply by travelling through space, and that's why we observe redshift when looking at faraway galaxies? Or both are true, but to a lesser degree?
So black holes change lights direction like a lens? Or a crystal? But it doesn't change the speed of the light? Gravity has an effect on light, but it doesn't change it's speed?  Light doesn't sling shot from a gravity boost like space ships do? Light speed never changes speed....so where there is no light, there never was light?  Wouldn't everything be illuminated in light if it moves the same speed from any point in the universe? Unless something gets in the way? Or something with gravity is near? But never changes lights ability to speed? I like how you guys are like, "it's impossible for any other formula to exist...but for some reason, at some point, the universe instantly rapidly expanded, not in accordance with the only possible formula."  I think you better stay open minded, if you really want to be wise hahaha
The smoothie scenario can be observable to different observers in different ways. It isn't that you would observe the smoothie hitting the floor before it falls, but rather if you had two smoothies a distance apart that an observer dropping them would see them hitting the ground at the same time. Along a plane equidistant from both smoothies, they would land at the sane time. Another observer standing closer to one of the smoothies would see the closer one strike first while another observer standing closer to the second would see it strike first. There are two events occurring and three different ways to observe the order of these two events.  If we extend this concept to a significant distance between where these two events occur, other sides of the galaxy let's say, it is more recognizable. A locally observable event would take 2 million years to be observed on the other side of the galaxy and for the same reason it would take 2 million years for a local event on the other side to be observed the other way. Somewhere in the middle of the two events it would be seen to occur at the same time. Directly between, both events would be observered at 1 million years after the events, but there are regions where both events will be observered simultaneously 2 million years or more after they happened.  The point is that the order these events occur are observed to be different depending on where the observer is standing in relation. The effect of this dilation is probably better described as a field as information is distorted between all events over distances.  While this is occurring, I'll contend that time is slowing down as space expands. Just like moving the walls of the photon clock apart from one another, the fabric of space is expanding.  At the fringe of the observable Universe, light was moving at its fastest at the literal dawn of time, 300,000 km/s. More specifically information was exchanged at that rate. It isn't  a surprise that this is the rate we observe locally as well.  Where this is problematic is the shells which surround the big bang. The information exchanged between points on the expanding shells is transfered at the same rate, but as the shells expand outward from that epoch, the distance between adjoining locations will continue to spread apart and thus time will dilate and slow down. At the furthest, at what could only be described as the center of the observable Universe, time at the fringe will have effectively stopped. The nasty side effect of this being that what we can observe will effectively be imperceptible. There will be a redshift as that light smeared  on the horizon will be elongated and stretched, but the rate will appear to us the be the same with a different frequency.  So far I've been talking about space, but time is effected in the same way, rather it changes at the distance away from.the observer.  To complicate things further, the effect of dilation is occuring everywhere all at once, and so until we can place an observer half way between is and the fringe,  we will have no way to measure it. Locally it is the same and the difference could only be  observable with observers significnant distanced apart.
Is there someone who's hypothesized that all of our universe is the result of the expulsion of matter from black holes (perhaps a central one that we call the "big bang" but others as well) since all black hole endpoints through the multiverse are linked similarly to brain synapses in a sponge-like network?
Sounds like the entire world misunderstand's how the actual various speed of light works, wether there creators of the theory got it wrong or the creators of videos represent it wrong, only showing Doppler aspects of the theory but not how gravity stretch's the wavelength but also the varying light speeds are independent regardless of human measurements, and I have no idea how you don't see the correlation with the known laws of the universe. If anything an expanding universe disproves light being a constant.
What if dog actually means cat?
Wouldn't the physics of a rapidly inflating universe *also* look like one where the rate of causality update was different?   As I understand it, right now cosmic inflation is so slow that we just call it "expansion due to dark energy". And the speed of update appears to be constant to the limits of our ability to measure it, but our ability to measure the speed of light depends on the local geometry of spacetime. Maybe Moffatt addressed this in his paper, but I am thinking of the dual question to the way it was posed in the video. Of course, it's probably *still* not really testable.
What would happen to the speed of light inside a black hole. Does the immense gravity inside a black hole actually compress space itself including theoretical dark matter. Does time actually stop or nearly stop inside a black hole ?
I love how science is ALWAYS wrong but if you question it you’re a fanatic…yet you tell me I can’t believe in God. Ummm ok.
If c varies not only meters and time would be affected but what about electric constant ε0 and the magnetic constant μ0?
No, VSL is originally Einstein’s initial idea! See his 1907 [1] and 1911 [2] papers! Dicke simply corrected Einstein’s error of not considering variable length scales. [1] A. Einstein. U ̈ber das Relativita ̈tsprinzip und die daraus gezogenen Folgerungen. Jahrbuch der Elektrizit ̈at und Elektronik, 4, 1907. [2] A. Einstein. U ̈ber den Einfluss der Schwerkraft auf die Ausbreitung des Lichtes. Annalen der Physik, 35(transl.:on the influence of gravitation on the propagation of light):898–908, 1911.
Make a chart with time on the bottom and speed of light on the y. Now place all measurements of lights speed along with the error bars od said measurement. An odd phenomena emerges. It fits an asymptotic regression curve. The question to me is, is spacetime changing? Or is mass increasing?
The sun IS moving around the galaxy
if the speed of light is measured with time, isnt it relative to the observer? and how can you say that a photon moves the same distance over millions of years with obstacles like dust and gravity as a photon without any obstacle?
That shirt gives me existential dread.
theres no such thing as constants. There's a reason scientists all have to combine all their differing results and come up with an average to claim a "constant" value for them.
If speed of light and fine structure both changed, could we detect the change?
If variables effected the speed of light, wouldn't the speed of objects, large and small, vary? Is matter or variables uniform throughout the universe?
Everyone knows there's only two constants: Death and taxes.
"It is absolutely necessary to insist that such a fundamental statement as the principle of covariance should be derived, if possible, from the simplest BASIC provisions. Einstein showed, and this is his great merit, that for this purpose it is enough to accept only the following electrodynamic position:   the speed of light does not depend on the motion of the source.   If the light source is a point, then in all cases the wave front is a sphere with a resting center. We will, as is customary, briefly call this provision the provision on the "constancy of the speed of light", although such a name may give rise to misunderstandings. The universal constancy of the speed of light in the void is out of the question already because the speed of light is constant only in Galilean reference frames. The independence of the speed of light from the motion of the source is preserved in the general theory of relativity." (Pauli, RT, paragraph 3, The postulate of the constancy of the speed of light).
I appreciate this awesome content, and I hope that comfort is coming, hero. You're all so awesome. Thank you!
The animation at 11:53 looks pretty cool. I can only wonder how many hours must've been poured by the designer into making it.
Perhaps light moves slower to the left than to the right.
What if the speed of light does change but the very fact that the fundamental laws of nature are dependent on it including whatever that causes consciousness, would make us not notice any difference?
Missed you and your mind dudey,hope you had a great break tc cam uk
About the "horizon problem", why do people insist that the early universe must have been heterogeneous? If our visible universe started out in a point-like state, wouldn't the simplest assumption be that it started out homogeneous? So no need for inflation to smoothen it out.
The only thing that could have changed over time is the vacuum of space. The vacuum of space has probably increased over time with black holes absorbing frames of time and space. There is something that will alter redshift more than the vacuum of space. It's the simple fact of the place of origin in the galaxy for light to be redshifted more than it is blue-shifted back. If the light originates from a more massive galaxy, the light reaching us in a less massive galaxy is redshifted and if the light reaching us from a distant galaxy is more from the center of the distant massive galaxy it will also be more redshifted when it reaches us where we are away from the center of our less massive galaxy.
5:07 spicemeat
What if the speed of light is and always has been the same speed. But that the gas density in the early universe caused the light to slow down like light travelling through water. Maybe also causing the light the red shift more. Which means that the distance of say recently discovered galaxies that are to old to fit our model and understanding of the universe, could possibly be a miscalculation because of difference in speed of light.
The video touched on this in the bit about the fine structure constant, but there are more earth-bound ways to do the same thing.  For example, the Oklo natural nuclear reactor.  The equations which govern the behaviour include c, so we can tell that c is essentially unchanged in the last 2 billion years by examining the remains.
If the speed of light varies, that would mean the current 'speed limit' of the universe varies as well. But what if we're incorrect in the theory that the speed of light is as fast as anything can go? If the speed of light today is slower than it was yesterday, what's stopping us from going faster than the current 'limit'?
Before Einstein everyone throught that time flows constant. That turned out to be wrong. While it is necessary to require Testable theory, we should stay open minded and modest regarding our understanding of the universe.
Three body problem has entered the chat
i have one question ... why can't we take the same skeptical approach and ask similar questions about the standard model, maybe the standard model is incomplete and we are just running around in circles about quantum things
The parameters to measure the speed of light are variable so relative to us where we are, yes, of course the speed of light is absolutely variable. That's why there is no need for dark matter and dark energy is just the vacuum of space caused by black holes drawing in frames of time and space. I have been trying to tell everyone that.
what if the light speed if slowing down due to the expansion of the universe? like speed of light may be distance from the centre of big bang / a fixed amount of time? there are many loopholes in this theory,I would like to hear more from anyone
((Would somebody help this poor spaniard to understand what "BE QUIET THE DEVS WILL NOTICE" means? What's a "dev"? Thank you))
How would VSL impact E=Mc² ? Is our universe losing energy or gaining mass?
How speed of light gets slow in other medium or it's get relative too, in that sence?
It's nice to hear your opinion on the variable speed of light. But I don't see how the gravitational wave contradicts the VSL hypothesis. Do you assume that the change in the gravitational field affect the whole universe instantly.
what if both the speed of light and the Planck's constant change so that alpha stays fixed?
As an observer, you will NOT see the smoothie drop along a diagonal, as the smoothie undergoes an acceleration downwards in its reference frame. Thus to you, the stationary observer, it follows a parabola.  With this simple screw up right out the gate, the rest of your poorly put together video may be safely ignored. 👍🏻
Before you start the real part of the video, just after your intro you throw in a definition or premise depending upon how one looks at what you're saying.  You claim that the speed of light is the speed of causality.  By setting up this assumption, you set up the theory that the speed of light might be variant to fail.  It isn't honest debate or unbiased inspection.  Also, we have definitions of "meter" and "second" that are *not* tied to the speed of light c.  Slowing light does not necessarily slow time, nor does slowing time necessarily slow light.  It likely does but not necessarily.  You saying that the internal clock (and therefore time and external clock) of matter is based upon the speed of light again is not fully honest.  It's a gross over-simplification and over-generalization.  We know so little about what goes on in a nucleus (yes still even with recent improvements to our knowledge) that your statement becomes meaningless.  Also, there is a difference in changing the light speed, time, or volumes in how certain things would behave macroscopically.  You claim the Dickey's theory was shut down my more recent evidence but don't explain, even in summary how that it or link such experiments.  Later you show a map of the cosmic background microwave radiation of the perceivable universe and then claim it shows the universe was homogeneous.  But, I've heard regardless of what it shows the universe *was*, it show currently that it *is not* homogeneous in any way, that there's even likely a direction to expansion, not exactly the same in every direction.  I cannot remember the study that says this, but you're not linking anything either, so I guess I'll skip that for now.  You say Cosmic Inflation is cleaner and more accepted than VSL?  I know, but why is that?  You mention the fine constant and shoe horn 'c' into it.  We can use permittivity and permeability with a few other numbers that equate to 'c' and suddenly don't need c at all.  C isn't important, what's important is the permittivity or permeability of space and whether or not that is time, direction, location or otherwise constant or variable.  I also disagree with your conclusion.   Despite all that, you mention some interesting names in the video and do go over different theories (yet through a negative bias). So, I applaud you for that.  A lot of science entertainers/educators wouldn't even do a video about variant vs not variant light/light speed/time etc.  So, I also applaud you for having the guts to even make this video even if in the end your strongly support the current conventional way of thinking.  I agree with shouldn't assume one way or the other and hopefully there will be value in further exploring this in the future.  Though I wonder whether light is variant or not if one could produce 'results' that show predictive ability of any such theories if all these theories are based upon distances far off or times far in the past.   I agree with the implications of what you say earlier in that it is different to test these theories.  The goal should be to find a way to test them if possible.   My theory is that space (or space time as relativists would say) might move and warp itself on a universal scale (or if not space time, at least all matter and energy in the universe my shift or rotate on a massive universal scale) and fundamental constants may vary depending upon where in the universe one is and what direction they're going.  Or another theory is that fundamental constants were indeed different deep in the beginnings of the universe.  Yes, dark energy throw a wrench in this sort of as you say but that is assuming that dark energy is even real.  I've yet to see convincing evidence that it is.  Also, real or not, we have different measurements of the expansion of space or the Hubble constant from different experiments and last I checked they're contradictory and the results still stand/haven't been shown false yet.  So, doesn't that mean the expansion of the universe (or the very nature of the fabric of space-time) can vary?  I wish your video description could've link to some info that backed your conclusions in this video.  Still, again, kudos to you for even having the guts to and taking the time to make this video.  Thank you.
So, is it the force of gravity imparted upon the photon that causes light to slow down when nearing massive objects?  If so, could more luminous pockets of light decelerate more than their dim counterparts?  Are black holes devouring light instances of runaway general relativity?  Do black holes have unique event horizons for various lumen densities?
Isn't there something called environmental impedance?
5:05 thats your new logo there :)
So, what connection(s) could there be between the new theorizing about the possibility the universe could be twice as old as previously thought, & bridges between general relativity & quantum mechanics? And how might our perceptions of the speed of light differ across a doubled time frame of the age of the universe, ~ 27 Billion years, as compared to half that time, ~13.5 Billion years, as is standard acknowledgement now?
Did anyone else notice the smoothie falling in a diagonal line and not a parabola?
I see you are jumping on the bandwagon after Veritasium made a vid about the fact that the one-way speed of light has never been measured.
you really cannot look at it from the opposite angle? Whenever the speed of light is measured, one gets a different result, sometimes differing more than one percent. Lab conditions on Earth. If c was constant, then rods would undergo length changes just by laying down on a table. Yeah, you can go one way or another. But saying that one thing appears but other does not says the experimental result does not exist. It is shutting both eyes. Why don't you address this? This also affects special relativity. Why don't you address this as well? For that matter -- why don't you address the most important and fundamental questions in theoretical physics today? You, Sabine, and other minions with no brain, the mere repeaters. If you pose as a physicist, and not as a mere repeating robot, then it is your duty to question every single word you say. Like, say, when saying "The anomalous magnetic moment is the most precisely predicted result ever." Start addressing glaring stupidities in physics please. Not just you. All of you posers everywhere. The time is now.
My question is why can’t light go faster. What is stopping it ?
Could the slowing of speed of light be explained by quantum decoherence and increasing entropy with time? More the entanglement of subatomic particles slower is the causality i.e., conveying of the information.
Gravity still has affect in a vacume so how can it be?
Have any of you guys heard of the Kozyrev mirrors?
I feel tha pain of the person on charge of the animation at 13:15  Boss: Alan, did you prepare the animation? Alan: Yes sir, but I need to fix some details B: Ok, will it be ready for tomorrow? A: Sure, tomorrow ... B: ALAN!
Increasing the distance between the mirrors only works if you're doing so by expanding the space, not by moving the mirrors through space. If you double the distance by moving the mirrors twice as far apart in space, rather than by expanding space to twice the size, then your clock only counts a day as lasting 12 hours. If you do it by expanding the space, the clock still counts 24 hours, but an observer in a space where the expansion didn't happen would see 48 hours pass for your expanded patch of space.
When the universe was smaller, does that not also mean that it’s density was higher and therefore the speed of light was slower? As the universe expands then the density lowers and the speed of light increases over time?
When you drop a marble. The marble and earth move towards eachother
13:20 just so I understand properly what you guys are saying, it's the fact that light """slowed by spacetime""" all gets slowed at the same rate, while light slowed in glass for example, slows at different rates (e.g. the way a prism works) which is a fact that goes AGAINST the VSL theory, right?
6:30 Dicke's idea was not that light would change speed on its own. It works like a refractive index. The properties of spacetime (e0 and mu0) are what's changing in gravitational fields, so you can totally have a VSL with a dynamic spacetime.   Dicke's theory was further developed in what are called "polarisable vacuum models" of GR, which Puthoff(2002) showed were experimentally equivalent to mainstream GR.
This is exactly what I've been wondering myself for a long time, also I think anything going at the speed of light has time standing completely still, time can't go backwards so that's what limits the speed
What about variable speed of light gated on the very high density in the very early history of the universe:  Mainstream theory already predicts that the Higgs field gets overworked above a certain temperature; but what if instead of temperature, it was mass density?  If mass becomes less, then to conserve energy, _c_ must increase.  This would explain Cosmic Inflation, and dilute out anomalies like unpaired/untripleted quarks and magnetic monopoles so that they would be either unnoticeable, or just noticeable if you assume that the experiments purporting to find such things actually found some.  And it would do away with the need for an Inflaton field.  This wouldn't have anything to do with more recent cosmic expansion acceleration, and it would be very hard to measure under laboratory conditions, but it might have a noticeable effect of accelerating the propagation of seismic waves through the interiors of neutron stars at the upper end of the mass range.
The speed of light is not constant, as it depends upon the dielectric Constant of the media that passes through. The speed of causality is constant! It never changes!
João Magueijo's book has a really great layman explanation of special relativity and has interesting insight into the world of academia and issues with proposing new theories. Faster Than the Speed of Light.
I just wanna say that shirt goes hard
5:06 I love the new logo!
Do the virtual photons that the particles exchange have the same speed as light or can they even exceed it? In particle accelerators an antiproton which has almost the speed of light is kept in a circular trajectory by interacting with the external magnetic field with an exchange of photons which cannot have the same speed as the particle (there would be no time to interact)
This one really broke my brain. So, if the speed of time were variable and we’re to change would it occur like a wave across space bound by the speed of causality, or would it happen simultaneously across the universe breaking that speed. In other words, is a change to the speed of causality bound by the speed of causality?? 🤯
What is a Gravity wave?  Is it a wave, that bens space?  Time?  What the frick?
Of course everybody knows the Earth is flat. Just look out your window for proof.
Please explain how we can be sure that the universe is still expanding since all the observations from dust and galaxies only tell us how they were moving so long ago. We have no idea realky about their motions now
Wait, pronounce homogenous again please 😅
WRONG! One of the fundamental ASSUMPTIONS is that the speed of light is constant.
The universe is really large. So why must the speed be fixed? There's so much real estate out there and since space moves faster than light, I still have some hope that we'll discover a way to travel to reach distance stars and even galaxies.
1:40 Why? You aren't when it comes to climate! Or is climate a spesial case?
What always confuses me is how speed is described as translation in space per unit time, but isn't everything translating position in both space and time? We say that photons experience no time between emission and absorption, but isn't that equivalent to saying that they only translate in spatial dimensions while their time coordinate remains constant? This would render the concept of speed obsolete, since any information could translate any distance through spatial dimensions without translating in time. Any information we recieve would thus pertain to the same time coordinate, or instant, that we're occupying at the the point of observation. I.e. Cosmic microwave background measurements are measuring radiation from "now" that our worldline has coincided with, rather than from a time coordinate several billion years removed from out own. I'd be grateful if someone could explain why I'm wrong, because this has been bothering me for years!
So what about black holes? There is a difference between what someone falling in and someone looking at it form outside sees/experiences. 12:20
What if distant regions are causally connected through entanglement?
Vsauce can jump on this: “Michael here. The speed of light, as we know, is constant 🧐… *or IS it??* 🤨 🎶(cue Vsauce mystery music) 🎶
We want to know, why'd the light get so slow!?
one subtle point about CPT invariance - you can't break it without breaking lorentz invariance.  ultimately there had to have been a large scale parity break otherwise we wouldn't have matter as opposed to a photon/neutrino soup. this is, still in my understanding, an outstanding problem that particle physics can't answer.  my expectation is that dark matter factors into that somehow, but i don't pretend to have an answer.
I stan with Stan!
Everything is so well structured in our Universe that it looks random to us, so, yeah, spacetime has conscious, emergent properties. @ me later when someone proves this :D
Hey what if not only the speed of light changes after the big bang and during the inflation, but the constatés varies proportionally to each other? So no breaks in physic laws, all the interactions are preserved... Only the variation in the constantes number changes!!! Jean Pierre petit wrotes and articulé about it
At what changes in the speed of light change the fine structure constant such as to break organic chemistry?
I don't presume the speed of light to be variable but no one considers what space was like in the earliest million years when there was hot dense gases literally everywhere. Losing a mere 5% over a long time would definitely cause a cosmological crisis
Ok interesting but what is even more interesting is how you fit five alphabets(space) on four faces of the cube 😂
Does time flowing slower in the early universe (as per new science coming out) relate to VSL?
That still doesn't explain how Matt O'Dowd stopped aging after 28. He used to be older than Derek Muller. The United Nations and international community need to intervene and shut down CERN, LIGO, SETI, and all the particle accelerators before it's too late.
Various experiments seem to suggest that the G constant isn't really constant. But fluctuates slightly. So I wouldn't be surprised if the speed of light is the same.
increase the bgm volume please. loved your explanation and this bgm
I believe the speed of light has remained constant since the universe began, but if it should decide to change in the future, we should be fully supportive of its decision.
Humans make constructs out of their biological beings. What we see, what we measure.  First, in space there is no time, space is nothing, you can't even call it empty because that implies a container of sorts. Because it's nothing it has no physical properties. I can't have any effect on anything even a measurement as time. Second, that makes a statement like, light has a speed in empty space just plain stupid!  Light is not a particle, wave or dipole transfer. It's an instant induction. This is why you can't see light from the side in empty space. It would be a horrible traffic jam at any point in a three dimensional space if light traveled, due to all the intersecting paths. It would just cancel out any motion by interference and become a blur. Red shift is just a energy loss due to absorption and dissipation in atoms due to induction.  As long as the atom can release the added energy it will stay the same. But the dissipation is always slightly less then the absorption. If energy absorbs and it can't dissipate due to impossible heat transfer it will expand and eventually become a heavier element. Any object in space that can't radiate this heat transfer sue to it's insulation will expand and create heavier elements. Like the Earth is expanding and have volcanism due to it's atmosphere. Third, light is a human construct that stems from our cells in the brain transfer energy to the brain. It's in reality just a heat transfer caused by induction from received heat energy. You can "see" through your skin as well. The nervous system will transfer heat to your brain also. Just as an cold object transfer/sucks heat from your brain to a piece of ice. You can see this in action through an infrared camera.   So what do we take from this. No big bang, no light speed, a infinite universe and a whole lot of induction heat transfer is going on by spooky action over distance.   Now I sit and wait for a big bang creationist to message me and make the following claim "You're an idiot". To this I reply now. Live long and prosper in your scientific fantasy dream world.
Is it possible that the density of the early quantum fields resulted in such a rapid creation-annihilation-creation cycle that entanglement was the mechanism if information transfer. If a significant percentage of each particles were entangled, couldn't that result in an event distribution over time?
Space is not vaccum. Can it be that there is chunks of stuff that slows light and contribute to measurement mistakes?
Is that shirt a mixture of dark forest and simulation theory references?
Well it's about time lol... But I need help understanding.  It seems to me these are, in effect, different ways to express the same thing. Sure, you could remake a bunch of math with a focus on the speed of light instead of the shape of space.  For example, you could model light bending towards a gravity well like refraction. As light passes from an area with a higher value of C into an area with a lower value of C, it bends at the interface. This is often how refraction is described. Instead of this happening at the boundary between air and glass, it would integrate slowly as the light passed through a gradient in the value of C through space.   The net result is exactly the same. The distance between two objects is defined as how quickly they can interact. So if you reduced the value of C, things would intrinsically feel farther apart in every meaningful way.  It just seems to me that if you told Einstein about this, he would say that is the same thing. If I told you a car uses 1/22 of a gallon of gas to go a mile, it's not exactly a different concept than saying the car can go 22 miles on one gallon of gas. MPG vs GPM is just a matter of where you put the 1.  Einstein chose to put C as 1 and solve for the curvature of spacetime from there. Putting a meter at 1 and solving for C is the same thing right?  Having both be flexible makes entire concept of space, time, and speed meaningless.  Am I wrong about this?
📍13:56
🫣
Or it could just be the result if higher-dimemsonal warfare.   Sleep well in the Dark Forest, kids.
oh cool John Moffat came up, i was lookikg around for Modified Gravity vidwos
Aside from the vertical ("trivial") case, objects don't fall in a line (implied by "diagonal"), they fall in a parabola in the case of a uniform gravitational field or an ellipse (elliptic orbit) in the case of a singular nearby body, or a hyperbola if the paths don't intersect or if there is STILL escape velocity on the rebound, or if it's an N>2 body problem things get complicated, but a straight line (other than straight down) requires a lot of convolutions.
...Is noone going to mention how awesome that shirt is?
This guys accent breaks all constants
Whose is GOD (Devs)🤔 the computer 💻, the series 😮🤔🤔👨🏿‍💻👨🏿‍⚕️👨🏿‍⚕️🤷🏿
I think what we have thst often confuses people is using localized language to describe universal subjects falls flat.    So in a data sense. There is not hot or cold, is cessation of movement or movement. A human feeling has a sense of hot and cold out of the danger to itself. So people think and attack others talking in a clean form or better rationalization of said topics.  I find the error of this video is lacking hnderstanding and English is difficult the words are made yet to describe the system at play.  Why big bang makes sense to our creation is its based kn the understanding of time I  the language kf what time means. Time is a measure of movement, jn interval or cyclic fashion as for a human we make logic to our defined survival which is a error to universal meaning of time, which is movement. Not moving or moving, the acceleration is the basis of all systems, in those systems constants are just relative systems going the same speed or similar in a larger and larger system. What is origin of light form an creation of it. At the instance of light created from a bomb or whatever their is a acceleration event that then runs out of that acceleration and has a dying off effect of slowing and disputing and separating... what cuaes or generates the light between those fields... to me speed matters not its the movement, acceleration and moving or not moving. In a larger system..  meh... being or origins of theory to our systems of being here is related to the event of matter and acceleration what creates that start, could be an explosion, could be many kther things also but an origin of something was then accelerated, but the higboson existing and not existing is an interesting point when related to light, since if light simply is everywhere and suddenly a light beams creates amass or Higgs fieldnit would capture light across the entirety of creation into an I stance of creation of matter everywhere in a explosion that is jniversal.. simply following the German Co flict Higgs creates I  light. If light I'd a stand thst always existed i  a space... meh..  more to think about, but acceleration event of light is more important then its peak threshold... imo.
Mate, writing SPACE on a revolving cube is trippy.
I love how Matt disowned the idea of different light speeds for different energies almost immediately after stating it with full conviction 10:11 XD
If decreasing the speed of light is equivalent to increasing the scale of distances, would we be able to observe the speed of light slowing down through some kind of redshift? In a way analogous to cosmological redshift due to the expansion of the universe
Doesn't the dropped smoothy follow a parabolic path from the perspective of the platform?
What if there was a giant teapot orbiting the Sun
The speed of light is derived from the vacuum permittivity constant and the magnetic constant. For the speed of light to vary, either one or both of these constants would need to vary. That would be easy to detect, I think.
If the speed of light is the same from all observers, then it's also the same from the perspective of light. That would mean that if two photons are travelling next to each other in the same direction, one photon would see the other photon move away from it at the speed of light. We don't observe this though, so the statement that the speed of light is the same for all observers, cannot be true.
Wow, now that's one great explanation for the speeding up of those galaxies far away. Thanks. ❤ I always found this very weird, speeding up without putting energy in the system. This explains it easily. Your last remark was very funny... catching up reading our remarks. 😅
“We Stan corrected.”
theories about black holes .... And how you go through time differently if you get close to to them  because of  they're gravity... It's just like I've been saying energy and time are nothing but the same thing time is just the movement of energy through space the slower energy goes the slower time gos .... But that's just a theory
What if matter experienced time differently, at the beginning. The same way time changes in blackholes
With equipment sensitive enough, you find that nothing is constant.
G'day from Australia, Matt!  I'm not familiar with the fundamentals of physics so this is probably going to sounds a bit amateur-ish since there's probably a fairy obvious answer if I had the know-how, but I'll give it a shot anyway.  What if Time is actually a fundamental force along with the Strong, Weak, Electromagnetic and Gravitation forces, and cosmic inflation was the force of Time breaking its symmetry with the other forces? To us, the universe would have appeared to have exponentially increased in size, but in actual fact it appear to exponentially increase due to Time running *quickly* before settling down to our currently accepted flow of time. Perhaps Time and Gravity are unified at some point (like electromagnetism and the weak force), and the slowing down of both time and the expansion of the universe were these two forces reaching some sort of parity? This might imply that the increasing expansion of the universe we see now could mean a change in the flow/strength of either Time or Gravity (or both) but that's way above my level of brain power so maybe I'll leave that to someone much more experienced than I am to answer.
Isn't the speed of light axiom that the speed of light is the same no matter the velocity of the source the light is emitted from, and the fact that everyone measures the speed of light the same is actually the first corollary?
In a 3D universez we only have 3 direction we can travel. We can combine two to move diagonal but in 3D light has to go z y x y to go diagonal like etch a sketch. It just does it so fast that we don't see it.   Traveling 2 directions at 90 degrees from another takes longer than going straight diagonal. SO speed of light would be different in every dimension. Faster in higher dimensions with 8th dimension being the actual speed of light
Hmm... I'm curious, we know that dark matter and energy exist because galaxies could not form without them. But how did we model their formation process? Were the particles stationary at the starting point, or did they have some initial velocity? If they were stationary, was the speed of gravity propagation taken into account? It's as if all the points were connected by springs. And if they had some initial velocity, how do we know that the velocity was just that? Could dark matter and energy have appeared due to incorrect modeling? Just like there used to be Aether?
If the universe is expanding causing stellar masses to move away from one another faster than light, the space expanding in front of photons translating space is expanding, even on a quantum scale, stretching. However, if space was at a different time contracting, and space in the pathway of photons was compressing, perhaps such that stellar objects were on approach to one another faster than thr speed of light, how would this affect the pathways or photons... overlapping? Impacting? Folding on oneself, would this affect causality somehow?
5:36 „A gravitational field due to the speed of light slowing down near massive objects“ sounds like „a gravitational field due to the time dilation near massiv objects“
Is it possible to say the same about space as well? If there was an enormous race of beings, to them,our universe would be the size of an atom when scaled.
So let's say you have a more clustered up more condensed field and a less condensed and less clustered up field.... The more clustered up field will be vibrating..... So is the less clustered up field .... They will collide and the less clustered up field gets absorbed by the more.. clustered up field.. So therefore you can pack more of the less clustered up field into the more clustered up field ..... And how this is happening is because remember the electron how it vibrates it bounces energy from its center to its sides and then pulls it back in to its center because it has more energy in its center always pulling back towards the center ......when it's a particle plus the energy bounces into the energy next to it and then goes back to the center from the collision into the energy next to ......now the first energy traveling away from the center which then causes the second energy that got hit by the first energy traveling away from the center made the second energy travel towards the end of the electron and the process just repeats until the energy gets to the end of the electron and the motion will try to pull energy out of the electron but the overwhelming pull from the energy going towards the center we'll pull back energy from the edge it will pull it back in .... So if you say the fields are doing the same thing they can be vibrating horizontally or vertically I'm not sure which but anyway..... Whenever the weaker field energy enters the stronger Fields energy it gets pulled on by the stronger field compressing . The weaker field inside the stronger.. This is happening because the energies in the fields are always pulling towards their center and the more condensed field will absorb the less condensed field and the energy that makes up the less condensed field will copy the more condensed fields motion... Making the less condensed field pack into the more condensed field because the less condense field is now pulling towards the center of the more condensed  field or the more clustered up field.... And reason the less condensed field.. copies the more condensed Fields movements... Is because the more condensed field  pulls  on the less condense field  And if this works at all it is from God and no I don't want to be with anyone   so are you saying that energy pulls Towards its center the more clustered up it is... And then that energy collides in the center of the electron... Then the energy shifts away from collision in the center of the electron.. there's enough energy in the center of the electron to keep pulling energy back towards its center so even as it travels away from the collision it is being pulled on to come back to the center of the electron.   ...... where the motion started transfers its motion into the second energy  causing that energy to push away from the collisional....this also causes the first energy to travel back towards the center...(You can think about it like a wave in water what happens when you collide water with water the water will bounce off of other water and it's just motion transferring through water... water collides with water that water pushes away water and sends other water flying back  imagine a 360 ball doing this but instead of water..... energy is always colliding in the center pushing away from the collision and pulling back to its center but the motion travels out through the energy)... ... And because there's enough energy in the center of the electron it's always pulling back towards its center because the more clustered up it is the more it pulls in on its field.... Therefore energy can always be going back towards the center... And then if you say the electromagnetic field copies this movement in the electron then you can create an electromagnetic charge... By simply clustering the electromagnetic field up  inside of the election  and on the outside of the electron.... the electromagnetic field on the inside of the electron is more condensed then the electromagnetic field on the outside of the electron because the electromagnetic field is pulling in on its own field due to the movements of the electron so the electromagnetic field around the electron must be becoming more condensed ..... Where it can't pass through something that has the same charge as it.. Because it is  clustered up the same amount....... And it's part of the same field... But other fields can pass through it.... And wherever I say weaker field or less clustered up field I mean less condensed field...... And when I say stronger field or more clustered up Field I mean more condensed field
When talking about the early universe having a speed of time orders of magnitude faster than now made me think that's how the simulation is able to focus on the universe now, they ran the "fast forward" button for little bit and then slowed it down again when at the relevant part. Does that mean that cosmic inflation are like ads/commercials and someone pressed the "skip ad" button?
I believe light is exactly quantum, ie that the qualified observer subjectively concluded its nature. However this only applies to time and causality. Light has variance of aoeednwithin the beam, hence positive or negative dispersion in a chirped pulse amplitude setup. We actually said God cant..can't... wrong  very wrong! Rendelsham forest incident, for example. Not a hoax
I can understand this one!
What if the higgs field was thousands of times stronger in the first instants of the universe? That would meant that time was going slower for particles with mass and photons would have seem to go faster from their perspective. It could explain why energy distributed homegenously instead of inflation. Simply because for all mass time was going slower so energy had time to move around, creating a temperature equilibrium.
inflation caused space to expand "faster than light" didn't inflation have some effect on time too?
Regarding the question of moving the Sun to a different galactic orbit, moving the sun without losing stable orbits of the planets would depend on the acceleration you would give to the Sun.
Gotta raise an issue about your defense of Lorentz invariance against the paradoxes of VSL hypotheses - the Andromeda paradox happens under standard relativity, and it does mean people don't agree on the order events occurred in.  So no theory or hypothesis is _exactly_ causally consistent for all observers.
Someone actually opted for the more painful death thing 😅
20:05: Someone is saying there is no way a supernova can kill them? Really? And Uranus Jupiter Neptune explain that they are the ones who provide you with the protective atmosphere. And yes they can remove the atmosphere and you’d die from exposure even without the supernova. But the thing is depending on what substance they are they might float for a bit and cause themselves more pain 😊
Mathematically, would there even be any difference between a decreasing speed of light and an expanding space? My initial intuition is that these should be the same thing. For example, if the speed of light suddenly decreased by half, that should be the same as all of space suddenly doubling in size.
so what if gravitational waves are waves of changing speed of light?  could it be due to the changing density of spacetime? like higher density spacetime slows down time rather than its curvature..?
As we watch toward the edge of the universe the time looks slowing down from our point of view. As it seems as the Universe was denser the time looks slowing more and more. Probably this is not linear. I wondering how dense the Universe must have been during the big bang to get the time freeze completely where from only a quantum fluctuation could kick it out.
You described cosmic inflation _again_ as a time where the early universe expanded faster than the speed of light. This does not compute for me. A specific stretch of the universe can expand at some speed but if you take away that length, you're left with a unit of s^-1. So saying the universe expands faster than the speed of light makes about as much sense as saying the colour of my room is faster than the speed of light.  And even if we assume you mean the expansion of the universe in the sense that the distance is the diameter of the universe... or maybe the observable universe? Or maybe what today's observable universe used to be in size back then? Even then it makes no real sense because the observable universe _still_ expands faster than the speed of light, so there's no contrast there. I'm no physicist, so I'm not trying to "well actually" you here. I'd _really_ appreciate some clarification.
I think I can help with this space time spacetime situation
I really love the episodes where half way through I know I am going to want to rewatch. Thank you!
You are hearing from the universe themselves.
Let’s give Uranus-Jupiter a Noble Prize 🏆
Neptune is repairing the nerve ending in the teeth. Teeth can self-repair from food we eat because they are alive with nerves inside.
He wasn't responding to people's questions, he was correcting them😂
How much energy u need when move on speed of light? actually almost zero.because u turn to energy itsef.
I taste cabbage 😅
All has gone quiet. Neptune joined and the tooth has grown into a cabbage 😢
I think we'd notice if slobbing light would also slow time.  4:12
7:03: The density of one of my back molars 😂 I’d say lost of volume due to root having been extracted.
Variable speed of light is a little silly, but what about variable time?  We already know that time dialation is a real phenominon, but if space expands at a constant rate, and time is variable depending on the energy concentration within space, then what would we see?  Would areas of space containing less mass expand faster than areas containing a black hole for instance? I want to know more why this model of the universe is correct or incorrect.
If over time you slow down the time to compute the next tick in the simulation, from the point of view of creatures within the simulation no change should be apparent.
I need the 'Heatdeath is coming' shirt. I think the people working in fresh 40°C air could appreciate this atm 😅.
5:44: Here he’s showing us how Jupiter’s atmosphere behaves. Quite interesting. There’s little 🌀there where the pattern changes.
Why do the letters on the "space" cube change as it rotates?
It would be strange that what affected a speed of light didn’t affect Plank’s constant. So, may be h*c remained the same.
Jupiter is showing you why Jupiter kids are smarter.
4:25: And the rest of it is presented by Dark Jupiter.
He was a bit of Galatian Metal-Glass. The light looked very purple so it makes sense that it required Jupiter to kill Jim completely
Clickbait
What happened? I was thinking how you would drive to Jupiter and Jupiter “I will come to you”. Oops the narrator disappeared 😅
The speed of light is merely a human subjective notion simply because it is totally dependent on human-invented concept of time.  You can never ever have any speed of any thing , without time, and time is merely a symbolic value,  which never ever actually exists anywhere in the universe, and that  is why you can never see any physical form of the so-called units of time. All the units of time are merely symbolic and arbitrary methematical values and labels, which represent human subjective interpretations of the observed.  What time actually represents is a continuous sequence of changes of physical structures and positions in space of all forms of matter in the universe, but not any sort of speed as ignorantly claimed,, and it's symbolic units of value totally depends on the rotational speed or velocity of the Earth along its endless elliptical  and orbital loop around the Sun, and also on the arbitrary symbolic mathematical values on human -invented clocks and calendar.  Ignorant human scientists keep making such nonsensical claims or assumptions that light travels, basing themselves on human-made light.  Natural cLight exists in continuous light fields of natural sources of light which have always been there since the time when  such natural sources of light were formed, but not that they are like human -made sources  of artificial light,which can be turned on and off to give you an impression that light travels from such artificial sources of light to the surrounding  space. Natural light never ever travels anywhere, always being in fixed light fields of such natural  sources of light as stars. Natural light fields are like gravitational field , magnetic and and electric fields, in terms of motionlessness, and getting weaker at farther and farther distances away from the courses of light. Additionally, light fields contain thermal energy , añd are absorbed by all forms of matter, that's the reason why light can never travels anywhere beyond fixed volumes of space of light fields around sources of light.  You can very easily prove my statement for yourself, by just turning on your car head lights or a laser device, and measure the limited volume of space the light field of such an artificial  source of light can cover around the source of light to see that the volume of space occupied by the light field is a constant or unchangeable  The reason why a light field can never get any farther than its fixedly assigned range of influence is that it is always absorbed by all forms of matter in the universe, and since the farther away from the source of light the weaker the light field becomes, like a gravitational force, a magnetic foce by a magnetic field, the density of light field decreases when the distance away from the source of light increases , and completely absorbed by all forms of matter around the boundary of the light field. It is somewhat similar to when you turn the light in your room off, all the space around the light bulbs instantly goes completely dark because all the light left is instantly and completely absorbed by the surrounding environment The light field of the Sun covers the entire solar system,,and never ever moves anywhere farther than its assigned fixed volume of space. Similarly, all other stars either known or still unknowable unknown to human extremely limited range of observations, each  has its own fixedly assigned volume of space, and those stars which  human astronomers can observe have their light fields which cover the location in space where the Earth is located, but not that their light rays travel for millions and billions of years at the assumed speed of light as how ignorant human scientists have claimed  Light does not exist as discrete packages of thermal energy as how ignorant human scientists have claimed. Light is form by a continuous field of light, which means that there is not any natural hole in any light field,  although a part of a light field can be absorbed by forms of matter. Natural light and artificial or human -made light are different in many ways, including the intrinsic properties
It depends on where in the universe you are heading. It is more about tuning to the point you want to go. For Venus you would need to go really fast at the speed able to reach a desired Venus. For Pluto you hyper jump but it feels like you drive backwards.
You are a busy man! I think we appreciate ANY comments you actually have time to respond to, especially with such high quality answers!
And inflation does not have a good answer to why it should have happened in the exact same way to explain observations. To me we cannot say that one is flawed because it does not explain the mainstream version when the very same mainstream version has no more fundamental explanation itself
Thanks Matt and team for addressing this topic! I brought it up due to things I’d heard from other sources. I wasn’t convinced, but also couldn’t make a good argument against the position as a non-physicist.   You all do a great job!
The 2-way speed of light is constant (the only thing that can be measured), which does not prove the 1 way speed of light is constant. The entire theory of relativity is built upon this one assumption which is no doubt false
So its safe to assume that 68% of the energy required for our equations to work is just some kind of unmeasurable energy, but it’s comically outlandish that the refractive index of the universe could change as much as needed?  The constant you describe not changing has not been measured by humans on anywhere close to a cosmic time scale. How can we truly say it hasn’t changed in billions of years, when the study of physics hasn’t exist for more than a maximum of say 5000 years? All we can say for absolute certain is it hasn’t changed within our capability of measurement in the time we’ve observed it.  Why do we make up constants to fix the math but vehemently refuse other made up constants that could also fix the math, when they are both virtually unfalsifiable and unprovable at this time in history?  The sheer amount of assumptions that roll into needing dark matter and dark energy has always bugged me.  We “accurately estimate” the mass of the earth based on assumptions. We haven’t measured it; truly measured it. We can guess based on our understanding of measurable things and the theories that describe the universe.  But it is unarguably an estimation that already includes assumptions.  Assumptions that are circular with the theory we are trying to support/explain. Every other cosmic object is EVEN MORE of an “accurate estimation” than even the earth. To arrive at dark energy/matter, you have to make assumptions and estimations about objects outside of our solar system. Outside of our galaxy, then combine it all together.  The whole idea is the antithesis to Occam’s razor.  We guess the mass of objects based off light that traveled immeasurable distances.  Well, that is…distances we “measure” with math full of assumptions…and light of course.  We measure gravity waves with, you guessed it, light.  Gravity that is calculated with a “known” speed of light.  We’re defining words with themselves basically. All of our attempts to define any of this relies on light.  Light used to measure things that we then use to prove the speed of light.   Perhaps I’m just too uneducated or unintelligent to grasp the concepts or Im missing pieces of the puzzle, but all sides are just theories. The only thing that certain is we do not fully understand it all yet, and we could be wrong in a very small way that cascades through all the assumptions.  There are things we can mostly actually measure. Things lightyears away are guesses, let alone millions or billions of lightyears away.  We can’t even truly be certain they’re millions of light years.
Thank you for another great episode and doing comment responses! I very much enjoyed it while playing Minecraft this evening lol. God be with you out there everybody. ✝️ :)
Great stuff, enlightening and entertaining. 🙌☄🌌🔭👾
Wouldn’t the smoothie accelerate to the ground and therefore not travel at a diagonal but a parabola? (to the outside observer on the platform)
Actually, the speed of light IS constant.  Except when it's not
This again ?
Still hearing that audio warbling in places
Good video, but... I almost laughed out loud when he said scientists are supposed to remain skeptical... I call bs on that one.
I was literally just thinking about this a couple weeks ago!
I've wondered if what is constant about light and speed of information transmittal is just a geometrical constant for which c light and spacetime are in a fixed ratio such as the sum of angles in a planar triangle -- the result being that light moves at c in a vacuum now (recent millions of years) but maybe light was not equal to c at some time in the past (or future). Thanks for this video exploring different ideas.
It's elementary my dear Watson.  The moment before the big bang, space was of a different purity/medium and therefore photons traveled at a different rate.  As the medium has muddied, photon speeds have slowed down.   Imagine the  known universe is a layer of water on oil on water on oil and a rock is thrown into said container.  (Keep in mind, we are observing from within a layer of oil unable to identify the water "dark matter" that has different properties) As the rock passes through the layers, it creates a vacuum behind it and the vacuum is filled with a mixture of the other mediums.  This creates eddy currents "black holes" in various areas and a ripple "shockwave" is sent across the mediums in their respective layers.   To us, the observer, we are only seeing from within the mixture and our known physics in action.  I can promise that as our technology improves and we are able to see farther, our measure of the known universe will naturally expand.   It is most assuredly so, that we will NEVER be able to spot the actual edge of our universe, but one day we might be able to catch a glimpse of the apex of the ripple.
Time is the constant not how fast something is moving in space. If you build a Time Machine. Then you can see this.
Speculative examinations of established hard science always instantly peaks my interest.  More please!
good to know that the Universe is dealing with inflation too
It's baffling how you put out one of these detailed, illustrated, animated talks each week. :)  Speaking of relativity, there's something about it that has never quite clicked in my head. I understand that to the point of view of someone traveling very fast it appears as though space has contracted while to an observer it appears as though time on that speeding person's craft has slowed down. And you end up with results that agree with each other. But what does space itself "think" of the situation? Is this just an explanation that we use because it makes the math correct or is spacetime both contracting and slowing down somehow at the same time? I don't know how to get my head around it. :)
Seriously to little, way, way too late. Go for insurrection indictment today. Seize his assets, and remove all benefits and entitlements.
I'll take anything that gets us closer to throwing out dark energy and dark matter. I don't like them because they're counterintuitive and feel like science of the gaps.
Time maybe for the other officers to intervene. Dont just say don't let the dog go. Run in.. then arrest the officer who released the dog. Dogs should be used, but the trouble us the absolute incompetent officers, and K9 training. Dogs cant find drugs, but signal finds over and again. And here, the dog released regardless of the scene supervisor. I would be jailed for such an act when i was in the army. We worked with properly trained dogs. And they are awesome. This officer just need to go straight to jail.
If you drove your carr at the speed of light  And you turned on your headlights  Would it make a difference?
I attempted to type out a comment that effectively captured the subtle misunderstanding about light, about the nature of energy and potential in our world, but there is too much to capture in this small space. I would love to share with you, as you seem to be seeking something, and maybe something I have, which you will not read anywhere, could be of at least some modest amusement, and at most some stepping stone on your path. At the heart of the misunderstanding of light is a misunderstanding of infinite mathematics, and at the heart of that is a misunderstanding of zero. In a very reductionist nutshell, light is an abstraction derived from the perpetual destruction of potential which is the manifestation of our reality. Imagine adding two vast sets of numbers whose counterparts almost entirely cancelled out. All that would remain would be empty placeholders and a few stray values that didn't perfectly cancel out. That solution was not arrived at for free, there is cost of calculation, and so there is a deficit of calculation energy and a few bits left over from two vast sets of numbers being added together. Think of this but in reverse, not as an abstraction which requires calculation, but as a manifestation of these values in particle form, and where the meeting of perfect opposites doesn't cost energy but results in the release of energy.
The way I understand photons is as "lines" connecting two places in spacetime. Both start and end of the line happen at the same "observable time". The whole line exists at once. There is no travelling, or a "particle" moving. - We are just experiencing different parts of the line in our slice of spacetime. (well, we are not: You cannot really observe a photon going by. It ONLY connects the start and end points.)  Photons are a place where two places of  the 4D universe touch. They have some "frequency, polarization, etc" but those are just attributes of the touch.  - Those two spacetime points exist at the same "time" from this point of reference.
Here's something I've always pondered about light and its speed. We know light moves as a wave, but I don't believe that means it takes a straight path. The very fact that it's oscillating might indicate subtle speed differences across the wave. 🤔  But here's the real brain bender: what about the relativity of time? We measure speed over time, but if time is relative, then speed must be too, right? How can we say 50kps if a second isn't universally consistent?🕰💫  It also seems that if time varies in different regions of space (thanks to time dilation) and light is supposedly constant, wouldn't light need to adjust its speed based on the 'local' time conditions? 🌌  All in all, I can't help but think that light's speed isn't as constant as we assume. We tie it to time, but time is far from constant. In my mind, the speed of light must change along with time. 🌠⏳  #Physics #SpeedOfLight #TheoryOfRelativity #SpaceTime #Light
Tired light?
First meters aee not in any way based on the speed of light. Second thought experiment is not reality. Third, light does slow down. Thus is why you start with " in a vacuum". If light slows by 0.46mm/s/year, it would not be noticed in any of our tests for relativity. As a result the expanding universe BS isnt happening. People refer to cmb, but even the cnb map shows it is not 1 level of energy. That is averages once you take out things you assume are active sources. But hubbles observation demonstrates the slowing of light. Why would we affect something through observation that began 12 billion years ago? You call that cleaner? Oh and adding 95% of matter to make the other theory works better. You keep arguing that c must be fixed because our theories rely on it. Stupid circular arguement. The VSL is not that light 16 billion years ago started at a different speed, but that over time it slowed due to its journey. The spectrum shows that light has been affected by its journey m so it is stupid to say its fixed, when every piece of data that travels to earth shows it slows down. Hubbles observation is the evidence that light speed varies. You seriously suggested the reason we cant have a variable speed is because it breaks our theory's. Isnt that science? You know to adapt your theory when it doesn't fit the data? Oh yes relativity is completely proven by the atomic clock experiments. Yet they mount multiple clocks because the decay rates are averaged, and they have to keep adjusting the times to deal with variants from gps satellites. Yet again putting a thumb on the scale of the "proof" of relativity. A thumb on the scale for an system that wouldnt show the change suggested by just allowing the possibility that the furthest galaxies seen are not expanding, but still. And you get 0.46 mm/s/year slowing of the light that is so old. Not that it started faster, but that it hot to us slowed. Like the mussle velocity of a gun compared to the bullet speed hitting the target. After all, space is not a vacuum. But damn close to it. And light slows in other media not complete vacuum. Ie reality, v silly models called fact.
There are two separate concepts: why there is a maximum speed in universe, and why light reaches it. The answer is simple, but I have not enough room in this comment to post it.
thanks for the video
Wow! That smoothie has a very low terminal velocity!
I think space and time can't be separated and my reasoning is that a second seems to have been the basis for choosing the length of the meter and using this to choose the weight of a cubic centimeter of 38° water as a gram and that these choices are the reason the square root of gravity on Earth is very close to pi.     It also seems to me, as long as pontificating as though an awarded scholar, that the nucleus of a system, any system, is the only place where the information of any system is measured and it's force is one which seems to be related to light in someway, oh i remember, cause 1/137th is the strength of the electromagnetic force and the speed of the electron I think is said to be 1/137th the speed of light but this information can only be registered, known, at the point of information interchange I believe only exists in the nucleus with the outer densities of each system appearing to transform energy as it is encountered appearing to convert potential energy to kinetic but these appearances can only be registered, known, responded to, at and from the nucleus of any particular system.     I don't know if I know what I'm talking about but in my defense I didn't come up with it myself. 👍🔯⚛️🎲
What if the Higgs field is expanding slower than the speed of light and as light passes it’s horizon, photons are allowed to increase in speed?  Light has always been measured within the Higgs but, what if?
the question is: how many times has the speed of light been tested off of the earth in open space & only open space??
the speed of light IS variable. does it not travel slower through water and other various mediums?
The speed of light is constant it just don't travels loss free in vaccum, as we initially thought of. frequency gets lower with large distance that's the redshift and the apparently space expanding acceleratig faster then the speed of light. Because the vaccum is not empty in very large distance.
C is just a random number as far as the math is concerned. All it does is make it so that the results that come out of the math line up with reality as we understand it. The only rule is that everyone has to agree with what C actually is, and it must remain universally consistent at all times. It's a useful tool in that not only does it make the math apply cleanly, but it can also make predictions.
My uneducated mind always draws back to the universe expanding since the beginning of time… as mass spreads overall, wouldn’t time speed up, although as we are inside that space time area, we wouldn’t notice a difference, but wouldn’t that mean looking back into deep space (and time) with JWST, mean that time passed at a different rate the further we look back (prior to that mass expansion)?
If atmospheric mixing would make the supernova hole in the ozone layer spread through the atmosphere, why was there a consistent hole in the same spot 30ish years ago? Why did the spot not move with atmospheric mixing too?
Doesn't cosmic inflation necessitate some form of "FTL causality" regardless of the speed if light in a vacuum? If you have all this energy transfer before inflation, and then suddenly all that information in spread out over rapidly expanding space, that still means the information is now separated faster that causality should allow. For that matter, isn't that kind of how quantum entanglement works?
If the fabric of the universe is expanding then isn't it's density decreasing as its volume increases?  Much like sound travelling faster through solids than in open air, why wouldn't lights speed change through a less dense universal fabric?
I thought the argument at the beginning of the video against VSL theories was very persuasive. Since every possible "clock" in the universe relies on the speed of light for its function, how can changes in the speed of light be meaningful at all? What observables would be affected by a changing speed of light? Would it affect the masses of particles, or the strength of gravity, or anything else in a way that wouldn't simply cancel out with the slower "speed of time"?
Latency
What is the slowest light can go in a medium? Its in short a retransmission that is occurring. How can we benefit from slow light?
Dr. Don Lincoln of Fermilab has been giving us the right answers for decades. There's only one truth. Thanks to Fermilab for holding on to the truth with good explanations. ✝✝✝
9:00 What if there is a sub-photonic (for lack of a better word) level entropic loss of energy or as light is expanding to cover more space it becomes slower or something like that. or some kind of universal level of entropy. Something happening below any of our models of sub atomic particles can represent.
It's not a change in the speed of light, it's a change in the speed of gravity. Why would we expect gravity to pull all photons at the same speed when some are lighter? They're heavier because they've gathered some particle dust along the way.. They need to plug back in and the heavier their bags get, the more the path wobbles and the photon becomes tempted to interact with adjacent waves. Maybe dark matter in just tired light packets taking a nap? Maybe the pattern comes from the border freq.s hoping over, yeah?
I love this show
Hey Matt and team,    keep up the great work.   It is very inspiring to have SpaceTime provide great content in a clean and professional manner.     Thank you to everyone who has helped Matt along,  and a BIG thank you to Matt!❤
Been saying this for years. If time is not linear, then most of what we consider to be constants, might not be constant.
Its an interesting question and yeah in the case of the speed of light that would be hard to test if it is meaningful at all since I would imagine that two way speed of light should compensate for many possible deviations.. However I do wonder if some constants might vary since there are a lot of interesting implications to the no big crunch theorem since the implications tell us that if the universe is large enough to appear flat at large scales (as is the case) and isn't perfectly symmetric(down to every bit of information in the universe at all scales) then the anisotropy will prevent the linearization of the metric at any scale because the no big crunch theorem tells us that there are no valid mathematically stable solutions to the Einstein field equations in this domain.  Or in other words such solutions will always have a one directional arrow of time because no local maxima or minima can exist for the total volume of space in any given time slice if information is to be conserved(a necessary condition for any system of differential equations to be mathematically valid)  Based on numerical simulations these asymmetric terms seem to result from the consequences of local time dilation  due to spacetime curvature not canceling out perfectly as time passes faster in under dense regions which will always outnumber over densities to an ever increasing degree as voids grow leading to inevitable runaway large scale expansion regardless of the initial conditions.  This at the very least tells us that one thing cosmologists have assumed to be constant in space and or time the Hubble rate can not be constant in either space nor time i.e. the Hubble rate must vary directionally else it isn't a valid solution to the Einstein field equations.  More specifically even if you start with the Hubble  rate as a constant scalar it will be perturbed locally everywhere in spacetime by the time differential of the metric tensor.  Also seeing as this automatically resolves the Hubble tension, the axis of evil, the horizon problem, and eliminates the need for dark energy contributions and removes most if not all of the incompatibilities between GR and quantum mechanics (which become consequences of the incompatible starting axioms, because any symmetric metric violates information conservation unless causality is abandoned) while also proving a concise mathematical formalism for why any and all possible variations on Lambda CDM are always going to be mathematically invalid models Its about time cosmologists start taking it seriously.
A reasonable assumption would be that if extreme gravities can bend or warp photons trajectories than it can also affect speeds.. ?
Could virtual particles interact with light in a vacuum? Quantum gravity?
Speed of light cannot be constant - It must be affected by other factors in space.  Yeah?  Making it a constant works to make equations work - We just don't understand how to make a better equation - yet.
Every galaxy has unique laws of physics, just like a species that evolves in one area, say by the equator, will develop slightly differently than a species that evolves elsewhere, such as the arctic tundra. The speed of light has been speeding up (or at least it was speeding up back when we were measuring it. At some point the physicists decided it would be easier to set it as a constant)
Ill take it a step further and assert that intelligence and any cell function can only happen in certain conditions.  Eg, evolution is more a shift towards favorable conditions and devolution will begin as we move out of the sweet spot.  I hadnt tied to light but other electromagnetic forces. I also believe we have redshift wrong for some reason and that may be due to a variable BSL.
What if it's not constant?  Would knowing that help you be a better person, pay your bills, educate your children, be a better patriot, help your neighbor more, be more forgiving??  Will it help you get a raise, be a good leader, make a speech, get elected to political office?  Will it help you kick an addiction, work harder, set a better example?  I didn't think so!
Asteroids, space craft and probes can get a gravity assist off things as small as planets.  Could gravitational lensing around black holes, as they bend light, also increase the speed because the insane gravity?
I'd bet the change is correlated to time dilation
Thank you for this. I was starting to think VSL was a thing. Not anymore. Damn you're good.
It’s plausible that physics as we know it was very different after the Big Bang, gravity definitely fluctuated and probably affected lights speed
Skeptical and open mind are not contradicting of each other because being a skeptic does mean you have a closed mind - you just want that, you know, true data and proof(s).  Truely closed minds tend to be rather immune to new things, data and proof(s) be damned.
Would one possible reason for the equal temperature across the sky be that in the first tiny fragments of a second be that those locations were uncertain, so that they ‘blurred’ properties and that blurriness was blown out to the present microwave background?
Is inflation testable?
What if the speed of light/causality itself remains constant, but the speed of time itself is steadly slowing down inside the universal bubble ( as opposed to whatever is outside the bubble's surface) and *that* is creating the illusion of a steadly faster expansion? Has any actual physicist ever proposed this theory? And, if not, why is it probably wrong?
Are you implying that photons have mass and are affected by gravity and has the special theory of relativity achieved a definition of gravity?
you said the early universe expanded faster then the speed of light ? I think not, you are mistaken.....
Could the density of particles before expansion be enough to slow down time at all?
Does the distortion of gravitational waves affect the speed of light?
How about this? C is a result of the permiability of the vacuum. If the vacuum density changes so would c. If the big bang was a vacuum decay from a universe with a faster c, the transition would look like FTL expansion. Given practically infinite time, as the vacuum settles and energy is slowly dissipated through the creation of new space (dark energy) the universe would be homogeneous and another vacuum decay would create a new universe who's horizon looks impossibly smooth given its new lower value of c. Then all the cyclic universe people are happy, the variable c people are happy, the dark energy, the big freeze, and the vacuum energy people are all happy. Maybe not the conscious collapse and many worlds people but, they're just nuts. The only existential crisis left is how dense was the vacuum before, how long until decay, and how much is left in the tank?  Just a thought. Thanks for everything
Satguru dev ki jay 😅😅😅
It would have to be a very very bad extinction level event for matt to catch up to MY missed comments
even when some scientists might be following an idea that seems likely to go no where it can be good to have some one check.
What if time is not only not only a function of the observers motion  but is also determined by the rate of change of the entropy of the universe as a whole. After all a mechanical clock is just an analogy of the entrophy change in the spring ?
What happens when light hits water?  It slows down.  Ofcourse the speed of light isnt constant.
Lorentz was wrong!
It shows the relationship of time dilation in a gravitational field. So in a sense it does change in proximity to a massive enough object. But this variability shows that the progression of time itself is also variable in a relative sense. If it didn't change relative to us around something like a large star, it wouldn't be able to lens around it. But relative to anything in proximity to the star, it's still going the same speed.  In a way the speed of light could be considered as more of a coefficient. The ratio of the factors that produce it always stays the same.
duh, it's not a constant, it never was, but it is close.  The relative effects matter.
NO FUQQING DUH💩🤡🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🙄
Is it worth entertaining the idea that the universe used to be significantly more dense with dark matter which inflated its refractive index? I realize that this assumes light somehow interacts with dark matter and that dark matter somehow dissipated through time.
Jon Evans, Little Jimmy from Nepal, and some others solved it all. Universe is not expanding. Age is pretty much infinite, and definitely not dark matter.  Oh, Quantum Gravity was solved. It's actually pretty easy. Def no Dark Matter. Anything that's named Dark (except Dark Flow) is wrong.  Oh, Photons HAVE mass (you'll see soon enough), Gravitational cliffs perse explain the red-shift observation. Everyones conclusions are just all wrong, aparently changing your frame of reference and relativity doesn't ever get used in peoples minds who claim the Universe is expanding.
Isn't the speed of light Eo / Mo, from Maxwell, electrical permittivity and magnetic permeability, fundamental constants of space - seems logical - the 'resistance' of space to the setting up of alternating electric and magnetic fields ?
ok at 5:00 you have a cube rotating 4 sides showing 5 letters -- this is the holy grail to cheating spacetime
I have given this theory a good thought before i knew it was called that or why it was not considered. I have another "way out", just like inflation, during a slice of a moment of time, the speed of light was infinite,. Woudnt it look like "inflation" to us? Also, when you said that the speed of light would have had to be lowered by something "dense" that sounds like the higgs field to me. Probably its just a good idea for a sci-fi book.
From your title, I hate to clue you in, but it is not constant: it is media dependent. The speed of light is slower in water than in air, or in vacuum.
Would a localized decrease in the speed of light squeeze some kind of energy from reality as matter gets suddenly held down by  ... uhm ..  some force (relative to an observer observing the change from ... uhm ... elsewhere) ???  Uhm to overcome a singularity does it not require a 'suspended' light speed...?
If you measure one particul traveling the speed or you can measure the particul as a fibre optic cable. If light has travelled it's on, communicating to the universe.
Light is not a wave. The gravitational waves close to large bodies cause higher peaks thus making the line much longer when stretched out. Space is more like water than fabric and the bodies are electromaneticspheres, quantum locking within the fieldlines of causality.
Light is not a wave. The gravitational waves close to large bodies cause higher peaks thus making the line much longer when stretched out. Space is more like water than fabric and the bodies are electromaneticspheres, quantum locking within the fieldlines of causality.
Great job
Why no subtitles? Are deaf people not physicists? Love these videos but sometimes it's hard to hear which words you're using, would appreciate some subs
OMG now you finally get it. Yes! Space and time are not actually connected together. That's just a fiction created by these fiction loving creatures that seem to use them in literally all of the places where language applies.   Time is just a measurement of duration and it's variation is dependant on what is going on with space sure but they are disconnected from each other. Time is absolute and can't be operated on in any way, shape or form. It can't be changed, there is no going back to the past or the future and there is no actual time dilation. What does change and is highly maleable in fact is space with the matter-energy interaction that give these persistent illusions of time being manipulated in some way when that in fact it's impossible because time is not a real thing. It's just a unit of measurement like the meter and like the meter it depends on the matter that you base it on. Just as a meter can actually be longer or shorter depending on where you measure it and in what conditions time is the same. But at the end of the day both time and meter are just man made concepts, not fundamental properties of the real world.
Loving your videos!
0:37 Dude, this is something that is taught in the first month of a high school physics class. From a stationary observer, the smoothie would fall down in the form of a PARABOLA, not a straight line. Did gravity just disappear?
If the speed of light has NOT always been what it is today, all estimates of the universe’s size and age must be erroneous.  This is an argument put forth by some Christians in support of the young earth BS.
C is always always one Planck length per Planck second.   And neutron decay cosmology is still inevitable.  🤘🖖
O
I have forever been fixed by "if real than conceptual, how large can a reference frame be? Planck length?
The speed of light is the rate light is understood. Quantum fields vary in strength therefore particles made from those quantum fields vary in mass and binding energy.
Matt whens the movie coming out?
🥰🥰🥰
As Matt starts to gain traction in other spheres (referenced on Sciencephile), I hope he remains true as ever to form: Accessible but not afraid to bring out the equations.
Maybe we focus on the space too much and not enough on how the objects spread and space isnt really expanding. The space between is expanding but thats everywhere because we move away from the center of our point of beginning. Like a particle collider and we are the particles created from that explosion subject to entropy in space but if there is nothing to interact then the pieces would stay connected i think because it couldnt reach escape velocity from a big enough mass and if it could then it would escape to infinite distance in space or until something interacts. Maybe we are just a complex creation trying to reach escape velocity from out entropy and our particle colliders simulate creations but on a smaller scale since less is inside/smaller explosion of differences.
Speed of light being constant, light seems to slow down in water, or air or bent by gravity, or apparently can't escape a black hole.... but I get the premise, it's also hard to explain how one can see something supposedly traveling faster than the speed of light
Well, by this logic the space station doesnt move 15k mph only when we look at it from earth.. and stars dont die till we see it... because causality.. 🤨
Thanks for including chapters, I find them useful to navigate around the video.
The very fact that we had to cook the books and make the standard of measuring light the same as the meter shows that the velocity of light changes.
Can-I-bus
I dislike that I have to be a patreon to get noticed. I get it, given all the people that comment. but I still dislike it 😦
In the past, we were a singularity but if we zoomed in it would show that its not singular and the objects within the singularity break down farther and pack together like liquid metal but in this case the metal is everything and its like the expansion is a kaleidoscope but as it expands the objects inside the expanding space will interact less because the space increases so the time it takes to interact with each other slows as space expands. All interactions are connected as well because if we use the kaleidoscope lens of thought over the galaxy then we can see the interactions and connections and how even one interaction is felt by all because the energy reflected takes a new shape.
VSL theories try to explain things without invoking inflation , personally I think that is a Nobel pursuit as inflation has 1 huge glaring problem....like the big bang it invokes un-answerable questions like....what made it start up and why did it stop. I really dont think inflation is a satisfactory solution.  VSL theories I am not sure are better , but at least people are thinking up new ideas.
There is a much better way to consider the early universe- or rather, the entirety of the cosmos... everything- all that was and is, is much more than what we'd like to think of it-  all of it... IF the cosmos was more than just a "single" point, then the rate of expansion does not have to vary going back in time, but this would also mean that the cosmos was more than just a point, and the big bang came from an expanse of density, not a point of energy so much as another state of density which held different properties for that energy state. There was no way for matter to form in that time/space, but the distance relative to our present state (our understanding of distance) the cosmos could have been just as large as it is now, just held within a different state of density for the same energy, it did expand, but it all expanded at the same rate, in every part at once, this preserves the congruity of the cosmos from one side to the other, not the commonalty of locality, it is the rate that determines the congruity, this does also mean that in far enough distances, changes in the state could change- but this would also be so staggeringly far away... its not ever going to be a consideration for our part of universe.
Is the fact that to our subjective experience each moment is a new one proof that, at the current time, there has not yet been an infinity of time before it? After all, if our experience of time is still in progress, an infinity of time having already passed would take an infinity of time to occur, and there for would never come to happen. therefor, time MUST have had a beginning.
so any photon bouncing between to spots in a moving object should take just the tiniest bit longer to bounce do to  the leghth of the distance covered being longer  do to it not traveling in a straight line, because its relative surroundings are changing position in relation to it? also if we base our phundamental measurements on the how far light travels in a single second then the speed of light has to be constant, which would show spacetime expanding if we were able to define an exact distance that can not change and measured the speed of light over that distance I'm sure it would show a variance in the speed of light changing over time.my guess in the early universe would be light in the early universe used to be faster, and as the universe expands it is actually slowing down over time because there is more relative distance to cover is the same therorectical second in time. but then as the universal expansion is slowing it would appear that it sped up again relative to where it was a few hundred trillion years ago. i would actually argue that i cannot conceive any way to measure any one true universal constant of time and have it be true for every obsere in the universe. unless we can some how pin point the epicenter of the universe and broadcast a signal in all directions at the same time from that single point so that it reaches all points of the universe  at the exact same moment the signal is broadcast.
I think you should just wait to do like two or three months worth of comment responses, and then do them in a livestream like you did a little while ago.  It's like a quarterly treat and it won't stress you so much to be worrying about catching up with the comment responses, and also the subject matter will come back up again which I believe since you have to think about it again, helps you understand it better; it might even get people to re-watch the videos and get you more views.
Way out of my depth, as with all your videos, but if space has expanded and the speed of light has remained constant and relative to the size of the universe then would it not appear to move faster in the past despite being the same speed because the relative distance was much smaller? Oh no that would cause the opposite problem because the light moving at the same rate in a smaller universe would appear slower to us because the actual distance would be smaller but the relative distance would remain the same and as the universe continues to expand it will appear to continue to accelerate to continue to travel that same relative distance as the actual distance increases. Nevermind.
I don't get one thing with regards to relativity works.   If there are 2 people in boxes that can see each other moving apart from each other at a fixed speed.  If they ask how long it took the other person to travel the same distance -- wouldn't one of them be "wrong?"
What if the speed of light is taking bets?
The reason we see light as a wave is because the way light transfers energy and the entropy of it when interacting with objects such as the atmosphere and water and everything on earth. Light does change speeds its just that in space, there is no friction until it comes into contact with something or gravity pulls on it, basically falling into an area of influence. Lights speed is shown to vary from source to source as well, releasing particles at higher speeds and different masses. Its like quantum, so small we cant see past that, well light is so fast its hard to imagine something faster than that. Kinda like imagining a different future far from the norm, jsut because you cant see it doesnt mean it isnt a variable.
Spacetime to Space and Time
That 5 sided S P A C E cube
Foul Play. We have never observed the expansion of the universe. We have inferred it's based off of a redshift of light but in order to make that work you have to believe in make-believe forces. I don't know how it works but I don't pretend to be a priest that has the answers
What's a Rama craft, mentioned in the questions at the end of the ep? Is that a concept of spacecraft based on the ship in the book Rendezvous with Rama, or is it something else?
Telescopes allow us to see light that hasn't reached us yet which means we are seeing something faster than the speed of light.
Has anyone else heard about the experimental evidence for the slowing speed of light measured in the past? I can't remember where I heard this but apparently the speed of light was consistently being measured slower until they changed to atomic clocks for measuring the speed of light
Could the early universe have been a superfluid and therfore not have to have been as compact to be in "contact "‽
I noticed a prejudice within Science that transcends all disciplines and fields. I call it "Imposed Homogeneity." The idea that everything in the multiverse (or the item being studied) is the same everywhere, at all times and places. This is crap. Do you know? Have you been/observed everywhere? Just because what is observed conforms to mathematically proven principles within what we're able to observe does not mean it's the same everywhere at all times and places. Ergo, there are no "constants," are there? Folks applying Relativity and not applying it uniformly. Wonder why. Maybe...grant funding? After watching and reading other folks' commentary, I'm not inserting this to solicit reply from THE specialist. I'll never see it because Trolls. Only threw it in because Imposed Homogeneity is a Thing, or I'd not have observed it. Too many Unknowns for anybody to assert that they "know" much of anything sans caveat. Caveat. Everything has at least one. And if we can't even nail down over 1/2 of the matter/energy of the Observable Universe, WTF do we actually know outside our own wee Bubble? Maybe we have to measure everything, like every time we observe anything. Or we're missing important stuff. There are no givens in such a huge expanse.
So the speed of light depends on what then. Not the temperature of density of vacuum because it would get faster not slower no?
Spoiler alert: speed of light cannot be anything but one Planck length per one Planck time. Just like 2 + 2 cannot be anything but 4.
"Let there be light"....faster than light...  The Big Bang
THE SPEED OF LIGHT IS MEDIUM SPECIFIC
The universe has an equal amount of "processing cycles" applied to every region of space. The rate of processing is reduced by complexity. Light travels faster through vacuums and away from massive objects because it is easier to process without those things nearby. Light travelled faster in the cosmogical past because the lower total entropy meant that it was easier to compute overall.
I would like to add to the super fluid discussion. You can apply "normal forces" to the super fluid. The super fluid just has a very low/ zero drag coefficient. Trying to stir the fluid with a tooth pick wouldn't work, but with a large surface would work just fine.
Speaking of Webb and the underestimation of the age of the universe, new doubt was created as to the age of the universe because of what the infrared light detector was able to see beyond the visible spectrum. But following that logic into the longer wavelengths of the radio spectrum beyond the infrared would a radio wave detector detect structures even FURTHER out and back in time, once again revising the estimate of the Universe's age even further back? Just because we can't see something doesn't mean it doesn't exist. After all we couldn't see infrared structures without specialized equipment.
Now that MOND has been totally confirmed it is a real shame to see this channel go down the Lambda CDM shill route.
Yes quality contint
Im just here so Matt can melt my brain.
If we can establish that the speed of light is variable in a fluid, why can't the speed of light be variable depending on what it goes through on its journey to me in outer space and even depending on the point of view of persons right next to me? For instance if the light from one star had to go through a giant fluid bubble in outer space to reach me but the light reaching my neighbor a mile away missed having to go through that giant fluid bubble, would he see the light from that star a split second sooner because the light beam was slowed on its journey to me? Wouldn't that create infinite variability in assessing what the speed of time is in almost any setting beyond knowing that light itself cannot exceed a certain rate and still keep the chain of causality intact? So that cleanly saying based on the invariability of light speed in a perfect vacuum  (space NOT being a vacuum) can we accurately predict for instance exactly when the universe was created, when the light revealing its age took longer to reach us because it was impeded on its journey through time and space and took its time getting here? That as the Webb telescope revealed we DRASTICALLY underestimated the age of the universe?
Anybody notice that the spinning cube with SPACE writting on its four spining sides?  Four sides...five letters.
What if you change the flavour of the smoothie?
What about lights interaction with high gravitational objects. Obviously these things can bend the path of light. Is it hard to see that they can slow light as the event horizon is approached? If light is literally absorbed by a black hole, does it not slow to a stop?
Is causality as we know it related to the function of the fabric of space? Could a photon exist outside the fabric of space? Sorry, I'm not trying to make a statement or forge a new path. I'm just ignorant, and curious 😂
c is a parameter believed constant not a constant. the speed of light has NEVER been measured! it has only been estimated! look a the two way speed of light problem. Relativity worked by locking it (c) as constant BUT that just makes spacetime flexible.  This is the 'epicycles' problem of science.
I have plenty of evidence for different observers looking at the same phenomena and coming up with drastically different explanations of what happened. Any political debate in the us for example. Republicans and democrats are clearly not observing the e same world. Variable light speed it is I guess.
The big bang could of just been different, as it is making all new things. It could of had a lot of different backlashes that the cosmos was in change with.
VSL just seems like a failed remapping of the actual temporal gradients we see in General Relativity. You can't just add six legs to a cat and star demanding it get the newspaper. And call it Fido. Just no.
My understanding is that the speed of light is infinite but held to a constant by a very minute mass or energy in a compounding effect. as the universe has expanded there is more stuff in the way, slowing it down. dark energy/matter = C but this is just a theory. I have nothing but a hunch to explain C. spooky action at a distance or strings theory give me this inclination that it is possible and that possibly there is a sub plane or subspace that which higher forms of energy are pulled from to exist in a blink and where they can transit information unimpeded. Due to balance our universe needs this impediment to constrict energy to form matter. almost like a negative of all known physics that holds a universe mostly of antiparticles swimming around with their goatees.
I had to search for this video because Google broke YouTube again.  The content isn't getting worse, just YouTube's algorithm
I had to search for this episode. Google is breaking YouTube again!  The content hasn't gotten worse, just Google/YouTube forgot what good is
According to Veritasium, the one way speed of light has not been measured. He did a great video about it 2 years ago.
7:53 .. looks like a firework in the night sky, what if that's all we are? the entire observable universe is just a pretty light show for observers beyond our comprehension? also I am more convinced that the big bang was a local event, meaning that the universe is so vast that a big bang is an event which happens all over the universe, and what we see as the observable universe only came about after our local pocket of the universe experienced a big bang. Would I be able to potentially prove this if I became a physicist?
Thank you so much for this episode. For a long time I had been wondering about this theory, including the bit about galaxy red shift which I'd put together on my own. Thank you for explaining in detail why the theory doesn't agree with other areas of observed physics so I can put that idea to bed.
Regarding there being no evidence to support VSL theories: Isn't that also true of inflation?  It's an inference, but isn't empirically verified.   I'm not saying it isn't the better explanation, just wondering (assuming is probably a better word here) if there is something I'm missing.
spacetime is not a fabric
Interesting!
And radioactive decay would also have been faster which means we would record rocks as being too old.
Yo mama so massive light bends around her
17:00 thanks... now I can't sleep
C is defined in terms of a vacuum.  Play it backwards to the initial BB singularity, space-time becomes a point...a point to which no distance is meaningful...neither is time since the entirety of the universe's mass is condensed to a single point.  The dilation of time approaches the hated thing.  At the BB there would be no distance (space) or time.  So how does C get defined initially?
It does stand up to the evidence!!!! Light is dynamic. Not static. Everything impacts the speed of light! And light is absolutely not a weightless partical! If it has no mass it would have no energy! You can't have it both ways!   We have never had the ability to measure anything in a pure vacuum. We have absolutely no idea what the true speed of light is. Everything slows down light. At the quantum level. At the gravitational level. At so many levels we can't even comprehend. It is very much like water flowing through a river or stream.
I have had similar ideas and my current hypothesis for a possible variable speed of light is that it is actually constant, and that spacetime itself is emergent from the rate of interactions between particles/fields. Basically, the more two particles interact on average, the closer they can be interpreted to be. So because the early universe was high-energy and low-entropy, interactions were aplenty and thus all the particles seemed geometrically close, which means that light had to travel shorter distances. But as the universe cooled down, interactions decreased and the effective spacetime inflated. And now that the universe is basically isotropic, the scale of spacetime has plateaued macroscopically due to higher entropy.
If our universe is an evaporating black hole then as is evaporates then it's mass must decrease and time gets slower?
Have you covered dark matter stars?
The speed of time!
It VSL works if it is a locally experienced phenomena.  Because it is relative. And n,o you wouldn't know if it was because it's most likely subtle and only noticeable over extremely (10¹⁶+m) distances. Maybe 10⁹m too.
Maybe this is just a wrong idea from a bit of SciFi (Liu Cixin's Death's End to be precise) but wouldn't a change in the speed of light make some bodies develop event horizons when they would not otherwise? Does the 2GM in Schwarzschild raidus formula have a c^2 floating around in its expansion that makes this not work out?
Yes!!! This is what I most wanted you to do a video on. I find inflation so I satisfying and have been wondering if something like a variable speed of light might also explain the homogeneity of the observable universe...
Light is not a constant, we choose it to be, there are many cases where light don't act as we expect,  how can it be constant when photons  are not everywhere even with our limited knowledge
A variable C, could be why we are seeing objects twice the age of the universe.
It still may be that the speed of light isn't a constant but the evidence to reveal this is still clouded in 'Dark energy' and 'Dark matter'. Not saying it will be likely, but there is a whole lot out there we really don't know and maybe should keep some people working on these theories and see what rabbit hole Alice leads us down.
So concerning inflation: if SPACE so rapidly expands during inflation, what happens to TIME in space-time during that time?
👍👍👍
How do you know at very early stages of the universe matter has to be in contact to distribute energy? Can you elaborate on this?
My question that has never been answered is… Why is the speed of light the number it is?  Why isn’t it 10 times faster?  Or twice as slow?  What underlying thing is setting this speed?
Ok, so if time slowing down has the same effect and space expanding, and we’ve seen space expanding since as close to the Big Bang as we could see, wouldn’t that imply that the speed of light HAS been changing? It might also imply that the Big Bang was caused by the speed of light changing from infinite to finite
All the formulas using c assume the measurement is contemporary to what is being measured (well, duh, good luck traveling in time to measure something in the present from there). If the speed of light changed over time, c would still be a constant because it measures it in now-meters over now-seconds.  For an observer in the early universe, there might never have been any inflation, just their "then-seconds" and "then-meters" were at a different, changing scale from ours. I think the only thing that changes over time might be the informational density of any location in space, and that in turn results in an increase of, let's call it, the resolution of spacetime. Early universe was VHS and our present is 4K, if you will.
However, unless I have misheard/interpreted something, new evidence does not prove Dickies iteration of vsl false, allow me to explain why. Dickie claimed light slows down around matter, and you said gravity waves show otherwise; however, you never explained WHY light was slowing down, what is causing light to interact with matter and slow down at a rate dependent on density. If space and time do not exist, and time is the product of change being perceived, and space a product of matter creating paths of least resistance, these paths increase in range and intensity the more density is increased, then what we think to be "gravity waves" could actually be a product of said paths being emmited. Let us remember ligo cannot see gravity waves, they have predictions and results matching predictions is what allows them, assume, what they predicted is happening, that does not mean it is happening.
Wouldn't time speeding up create the same effect? It would explain the expansion of space in order to maintain the spacetime speed of light ratio. Also, if, at the birth of the universe, time was passing at a miniscule fraction of its speed now, space would have been equally small which would have allowed all points of space to be in thermal contact, explaining the smoothness of the expanded universe.
Okay, uninformed rambling time. We know from quantum entanglement experiments that information can be transmitted at a distance faster than the speed of light. Perhaps immediately after the big bang, everything was quantumly  entangled with everything else and that information transfer ability was linked with light's energy transfer ability. As the Universe cooled, that symmetry was broken, things could only be entangled as pairs, light assumed its current properties, etc. Probably stupid, but it's what popped into my head listening to this.
I have been trying to say this to people for so long.
The speed of light cannot be constant.   The only way we even see things is when light bounce off something and hit your eye. Has anyone ever threw a ball and it hit a wall and bounce back to them at the same speed it was thrown at?    No.      When something is traveling at a velocity and it hits something and is deflected, it looses some of the momentum.  If something goes in a direction at a velocity hits an object and is deflected straight back in the direction it came, that means it traveled, stopped and started going the opposite direction.  It has to loose some energy even if only a tiny ammount.   Action reaction.      Entropy. Photons travel and bounce off of things.  Over time and number of bounces, it must loose some velocity.      Maybe im ahead of my time  or maybe im just a idiot.     Time and commenters will tell.    But i predict the one way speed of light is much faster than 188kmps.     We know light can be bent by gravity.   Bent light travels a further distance to reach a point.  If gravity pull light in a direction, then if its directly behind the photon it can slow it down. Everything with mass has gravity.    If a photon bounces off an object with mass then its gravity altered the speed slightly.        Maybe im wrong, but it plays out in my head and i cant make light hit something and not loose velocity. If it did, Newton is gonna be pissed.      Sorta right is not how laws are supposed to work.     E=mc2 is sorta right.   That whole infinity in a black hole means something is wrong or missing.       I expect the infinity at traveling the speed of light share a similar explanation of until something better comes along this is the best we got…
I really dislike the phrase "the speed of causality".  I find it to be no more informing than simply saying that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light.  It provides no clue as to why causality cannot progress at a faster pace.  To me, it is just meaningless verbiage employed to put off the question of why c represents an upper limit.
3:04 Isn’t a second precisely defined by ”taking the fixed numerical value of the caesium frequency,  ΔνCs, the unperturbed ground-state hyperfine transition frequency of the caesium 133 atom, to be 9192631770 when expressed in the unit Hz, which is equal to s−1” ?
The speed of light differs if there are cops around.
That makes me curious how that would effect E=MC^2
If c AND epsilon changed together (which they would as c = sqrt(1/epsilon*1/mu)) then the fine structure constant would stay the same even with a variable light speed.
man sounding a bit ai generated today
Relative to what?
Fun fact: you can treat the expansion of space as being a changing of the speed of light. In fact, in co-moving coordinates (a coordinate system that doesn't expand with space-time) that's exactly what it is. The FLRW metric is diag(-c^2, a(t)^2), where a(t) is the scale factor (it's defined to be 1 today, and smaller in the past). So in this coordinate system the distance a photon can travel is c / a(t). In this picture light gradually slows down, and eventually stops. We normally don't use this picture, though, instead saying that physical distances are expanding and c is constant. To keep alpha constant, you'd have to have other constants changing, too, and since c^2 = 1/(epsilon_0 * mu_0), epsilon_0 would naturally, also, change with time in such a way that keeps alpha constant.
This guy has access to my chatgpt history
didn't they postulate this in like the early 2000's. I heard about this in high school years later. the simple way I think about it is that light is probably constant but we will not know its' true speed because space is a form of media. there is no such thing as a true vacuum  in our universe because of quantum physics does not allow it.  I do not think it is that hard to conceptualize.
VSL sounds a lot like taking hold of a (heliocentric) orrery by the Earth and calling it a geocentric model; it can perhaps be vacuously correct at describing observation, but offers no explanatory or predictive insight.
Another intriguing solution to the causal connection of almost all matter in the early universe giving thermal equilibrium and then a period of seemingly faster than light expansion and then a slowing of that again, which would not violate the speed of causality, would be Stephen Wolfram's "The Wolfram Physics Project". This builds on his "New kind of science" looking at the universe as computation on a hypergraph. The short form is that in the very early universe, the fabric of space wasn't 3 dimensional but had a higher dimensionality. A regular mesh where all nodes have 6 neighbors makes a 3D lattice, while in the early universe the number may have been much higher, and so two points in space that today has coordinates very far apart may have been much fewer jumps away on the graph. The dimensionality of this hypergraph decreasing would also give the effect of expanding space (as the number of jumps between points increases). I haven't read that much on this physics project yet, but a few interesting things follow, like space could have a non-integer dimensionality, where at this point in time it just happens to be extremely close to 3 in most of the observable universe, but it could deviate some places, like in the vast emptiness between galactic clusters a lower dimensionality and potentially decreasing dimensionality would explain the perceived stretching of space there. Mass bending space-time (slowing) could also be explained by that maintaining the structure of space requires more computation when there is matter nearby, and so less computation available to propagate information through the graph. This will make more sense if you know about cellular automata and the game of life, and how patterns can self-replicate or propagate. Anyway, Stephen Wolfram has some fascinating podcast appearances with Lex Fridman that I highly recommend for those interested in hearing some hours on this.
Obviously it isn't. We already know that the speed of light is determined by the permittivity and permeability of a given medium, and that the "vacuum" isn't empty at all, but filled to the brim; it only stands to reason that the permittivity and permeability of "free space" (not free at all, again, filled to the brim) will be different in different regions of space. And that's all in addition to the fact that cosmological redshift is caused by tired light, not universal expansion (which is hilariously dumb, totally ridiculous, the most clownish of ideas every proposed).
Did he say it falls diagonally?!
But the speed of light is NOT constant for all observers. It is slightly slower in air than it is in a perfect vacuum, and slower again in water.
I guess my question now is, what controls or governs the speed of light? Is it truly a basic law that can't be broken? It seems like ultra high energy photons are being slowed down or controlled in some way. I'm obviously missing something, and maybe Matt explained it. Also, the fact that you value viewer comments, sets you well apart from most channels. Thanks Matt and team!
thanks for the information i've often wondered if constants are really constant over time but it does take a lot of evidence to overturn the current observations
It's amazing with the planet and galaxy spinning we see the star system in real time.
"You'd have to be pretty committed . . ." to find how VSL can hold together. Beautiful understatement, Matt. I conclude VSL depends on the beating wings of beautiful angels. Prove me wrong!
Actually the fine structure constant changes with high energy: "At higher energies, such as the scale of the Z boson, about 90 GeV, one instead measures an effective α ≈ 1/127". So isn't that the indicator that the speed of light might change for high energies, too?
And it's not aliens 😂... Why would aliens tell you to be good people knowing they could save you if they weren't testing which is the same thing God is doing so it makes it okay for one of them to do it it must make it okay for the other one to do.....
that is an awesome shirt
Would have liked to hear more about Refractive Index of the Universe for early times seen before CMB when the universe was opaque/dark. What are the best estimates of the density of "space" in that period and what does known behavior of light of in materials with that estimated density say about how physics then might work differently because energy propagating through that dense "space" would in move much slower than c. I am reminded of Apha Phoenix's "Are solid objects really “solid”?" video where the relevant number wasn't the speed of light but the speed of sound.
You talk about time as if it's a particle or a thing it isn't it's arbitrary time has no volume or mass it contains no energy it is simply mans way of measuring change unless they have discovered a cronometric particle which i doubt. Again time is arbitrary.
Actually even in the framework of Special Relativity, the speed of light is constant only within an inertial reference frame; it does not remain constant in a non-inertial reference frame.  In a non-inertial reference frame with constant proper acceleration, also known as the Rindler coordinate, the speed of light depends on the location where the light beam is sent and could even become zero in certain cases. The region of spacetime where the speed of light is exactly zero is referred to as the Rindler horizon. This horizon serves as a boundary that the accelerated observer can never reach because the light beam cannot reach them.  This phenomenon arises because spacetime is hyperbolic, and at an appropriate distance, the asymptote can never intersect with a hyperbola. The hyperbola represents an accelerated worldline, while the asymptote represents a beam of light.  This also explains why light cannot escape a black hole, as the speed of light becomes zero at the event horizon, according to the Schwarzschild metric. In the Schwarzschild metric, the speed of light for a radial light beam is expressed as dr/dt = ±c(1-Rs/r), where "Rs" is the Schwarzschild radius.  Nevertheless, the speed of light at any given distance still depends on "c," which is why "c" remains fundamental in both special and general relativity.
Basically God told me how virtual particles come about when the fields colliding with each other.. this is not that this is just an introduction to Quantum mechanics... Basically you can think about the electron as energy colliding with energy on the inside of of the electron and none of the energy can pass through other energy inside the electron so it just transfers motion basically the first energy will collide with the second energy causing the second energy to travel away from the collision but the first energy is going back towards the center because energy behind it is always pulling on its field more the more custard up and more condensed energy is the greater the pull it as on  energy's in it's field  ...... So that's basically how an electron stays  stable
i have always wondered if the speed of light is locally relative...if you are in the Keplar system you could measure the speed that stars photons...possibly all stars have a different speed of light.
Stay antipodal, people!
https://youtu.be/Bw8b9YV0EPA?t=717  "...we would both agree on every aspect that mattered...". The smoothie rotates as it falls for the person on the train whereas the  outside observer sees the smoothie fall perfectly upright, breaking causality as the smoothie is still drinkable according to an outside observer but a mess for the person on the train. :P
Shower though time. If massless particles don’t “experience” the passage of time because of their speed (or is it velocity?), and if, following that logic, information doesn’t, what does that imply about our experience of time and causality re: information? Probably nothing, and I’m having trouble translating thoughts to words, but there’s something interesting there, to me at least.
the smoothie still falls on their feet, so how can it appear to be travelling in an arc?
In the black hole analog experiments which are just bathtubs with the drain opened, the analog of electromagnetic radiation as capillary waves on the surface, still moves at a constant surface speed, even past the event horizon of the whirlpool.  The speed of light could only change if the analog of surface tension and/or density, aka spacetime and/or subspace could change but our physics is not anywhere close to that yet.
Me wondering… Why is the speed of light the yardstick. It seems that quantum entanglement aka spooky action at a distance negates that. Are we bound by our understanding by focusing on the speed of light? 🤷 - Maybe it’s just a stepping stone to other opportunities. I respect the math, but maybe there is more to be discovered. Also, we only are concerned with supernova exposure because we are aware. Not sure if other past events mattered aka the dino extinction because of lack of awareness. 🤓
Well.Yes speed of light is the limit as we know it. The limit for how fast the information travels in our known universe. But there is no real-time causality in our universe is it ? That means the universe map and what we see is just an echo over billions of years of multiple high energy events that happened already and that may and for sure not exist "now". And that means that many events that maybe happened did not yet intersect our plane of existence ( more like a bubble with soft faded edges), or maybe are completely outside of it if they had low energy emissions. And because of this, of causality, everything is just a huge billiard game and that means that depending on your position in space, there is a variation in causality and in the speed of how the information is travelling because an event that happened far far away from us we will never know realtime, and unless it releases a lot of energy for that information to travel. We will never know when a 10 cm asteroid hits another in another galaxy for example. Is this not variable information speed based on how much energy is generating the information because unless is high energy the information will not travel long distances?
I really don't want to get angry so I won't watch the video but yeah! congratulations! you found it out! it took you damm long, but yeah, the speed of light is not constant
With variable REFRACTIVE INDEX, and not speed of light, you can find the 4 tests of GR and frame dragging ! Strong field effect life Black holes and grav waves are very questionnable, regardant the weakness of their observations !
So is an accelerating universe change lights speed because likewise light is being accelerating while slowing (decreased acceleration) around large mass objects?
While this model doesn't explain why the speed of light would change, cosmic inflation also doesn't explain why the universe expanded several times it's own volume in a fraction of a second and then slowed down to a halt.
Are there 3 dimensions to time?
Long time listener, first time caller: Hi, not a physicist but this episode made me question the speed of light and now I'm stuck on wondering why WOULDN'T the speed of pretty much everything NOT eventually slow? Entropy, right?
Just a laymen to physics but thou you touched on it didn't seem to explain my thought. What if the medium the expanding universe is itself in has changed density itself ? As the universe is pushing out there is more resistance at the edge altering the speed of light.
I hope everything is well with you Matt!
Speed is distance x time.   Time is the variable.
I read the Magueijo book back in time!
You mention there not being any evidence of a reason for the speed of light to change, but that made me think: Do we have any clue what could cause inflation? Surely dark energy didn't just pop into existence for a bit and then disappear again? The only thing I could think of would be some weird interaction that would cause DE to arrange in a way that would cause a massive, relatively short-lived outward push 🤷
i mean woulnt it be variable sense it would slow down near a black whole and what not also the fact time is not constant means speed is also not constant... "The speed of light is constant relative to everything. What Newton - and later, Einstein - showed was that there is no underlying reference frame; all motion is relative. Light differs only in that everyone perceives light to have the same relative speed; 299,792,458m/s in a vacuum" but remember thats only relative to US.
Massless particle?
Very well done!
Everything I explained works in quantum mechanics and general relativity 😂.....so........ 🙏
In what sort of dimension did you manage to fit 5 letters, each on their own of 4 sides of a cube?
Cosmic inflation never made sense to me. The universe is real small & everything homogenized. Then something "puts the pedal to the metal" and spacetimes itself expands faster than light. Then the something gets terrified and slams on the breaks before the Metaverse police pulls it over for going too fast. {sigh}. My poor, dumb brain finds a transcendent creator,  God, a lot easier to accept.
First of all probabilities can understood all it can be is  movement of energy through energy in fields and in space.... If you think any of my theories are wrong please explain how
All laser interferometry and GPS falsifies General and Special Relativity. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bw8b9YV0EPA
Fascinating
What a video for this too happen but too me it looks like the audio and video are not sync by like a microsecond where it lines up but just looks weird, I might just be observing it at a slower rate than the monitor is outputting.
Is the reason why the speed of light is constant is because we defined the meter in terms of the speed of light?
I just started the video so maybe this gets answered but aren't we asking the wrong question here? The "speed of light" is actually just the speed of causality, it's the speed thay something with no mass, and therefore no inertia just happens to move, it's more like it's the "speed of time" the real question is why is this the limit? And I guess, has this limit ever changed, if so it would change the speed of light as well
Finally! Light pressure
8:52 but what is supposed to be the cause(s) for the initial accelerated inflation of the universe, successive slow down and than the current new acceleration? I know the last one, dark energy, which is... unexplained. It seems to me that there's no real reason to prefer the current accepted inflation model over any other sufficiently coherent one like vsl.
what if the mass attributed dark matter, is no more than the mass of all protons in the univers?
That would just mean the CPU of our simulation is getting hot and throttling back.
I love the new captions for the TikTok generation.
Nothing is exact I always figured why would the speed of light stay constant
Gravitational fields bend light, by slowing down time. The universe is theorized to have begun in a big bang, where all of the matter and energy of the universe were concentrated in a single point. Seems like time would have run much slower at that point.
12:12 So in one frame of reference, the cup lands upright and in the other, it lands on it's side?  Doesn't that break some fancy rule?
8:46 You don't need these regions connected if they started homogeneous.
At the moment the universe became transparent, time must have run very slowly, considering all that mass was in a relatively small area.
I put forth my own theory back in 2007. And I have Documentation  about me. Writing this down 16 years ago that the universe is not 13.8 billion, but 27 billion. And that light not only Has stretched out wavelength according to Is acceleration of 2 different things being apart but also that light mysteriously weakness is power level. And if you go by the fact that the universe is 27 billion instead of 13.8 along with the light fall off   You don't need Cosmic inflation You don't need dark matter or dark energy. That 1 thing solves everything and I also believe we came from a bounce.  Not a Bang from a previous universe. I wrote all this downo 16 years ago? And now I'm hearing with the James Webb telescope. That some scientists have put forth my same theory. How do I make sure that they don't get credit for something? I wrote down 16 years ago.  If they get money to research that? Don't I get that money because I've got proof I wrote it down.
Matt, does the speed of light have any effects on the evolution of the universe?  e.the expansion of the universe or .....  And I literally just had my question answered in the video as I was typing this.
You're having audio issues in this clip. I could help you troubleshoot the problem if you need. I'm an audio engineer with many years of experience so don't hesitate to get in touch with me if you need.
My favorite/only Austrian that I gno! Plus he moonlight's as a werewolf!
If time slows in a high gravity field (such as in the early universe), but the speed of light does not change, then doesn’t that eliminate the problem of thermal equilibrium?
Tangentially related, I think Dr.  Matt needs to do another episode soon on the news that the universe is twice as old as previously thought.  Is it or is it not?  I don't know so I need an adult.
Another interesting theory about the speed of light is that it may not be symmetrical. We have no way to measure the speed of light in a single direction, only a there and back measurement is possible due to the very nature of the speed of light. Due to that, for all we know and as implausible as it seems, light may be traveling at 2C in one direction and instantaneously in the opposite direction, or some fraction of those. As I mentioned this is highly implausible but it is also impossible to disprove. Veritasium has a great video about it at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTn6Ewhb27k .
For the question of disturbing Orbital Resonances when the Solar System is move : Remenber that the solar system is moving right now is one of the spiral arms of the Milky Way. So, that proves that it is possible to move the entire solar system because its moving right now ! Otherwise we woulkd not be here ...
If light is constant and the Big Bang happened at a fixed time, could we make a calendar based on these two facts that can be used no matter where you are in the universe?
Obviously it isn't.  Doh!  I don't even have to watch.  The rate of ropagation is a temporal phenomena, infact there is nothing other...  You are very slow on the uptake...
ELI5: Why would the universe keep rendering photons after a gross amount of distance? Why wouldn't it red shift into nothing?
Is there evidence that the speed of *time* is variant, rather than light itself? You mentioned it'd require the decoupling of spacetime into space AND time, but I'm not sure why? You're not just increasing the rate of C, but the rate itself. All boats float with the rising tide, so to say. If that tide is time, and the ocean is space, it still seems coupled to me. Clarity welcome!
I think this may have been covered, by the water analogy, but - as space expands and 'stretches', might that not change the permitivity and hence the speed of light, without altering the fine structure constant. Like sound travelling faster in a denser medium? (NB I still believe that GR is probably the best show in town for now. I'm just askin'.)
Very interesting. I wonder if it would help explaining the Hubble tension. I don't think so, but... There you go.
The speed on consumption of bud light is variable.
Shouldn't the falling smoothie on a moving train (@39s&12m) transcribe a parabola as seen by an outside observer?
This was an incredibly informative talk.
if gravity as we know it slows time because of its "attractive" nature, wouldn't gravity accelerate it also if gravity WERE a repellent force as is often thought in modern physics? could not that account for the apparent inflation?
Other parts of the Universe ? LMAO. Logic begins at Zero, and you weren't. Make your Zero Birthday Card, and put your Halo-0-on, because when you change your beginning, you change everything!. If the Earth and Moon were spinning at different speeds inside a void, then no 2 objects from a void could impact either surface the same way twice, and since all craters on both surfaces look alike, then there has been no impact from a void, which means both surfaces are under the same Dome, and all craters are made by million year old tardigrades, and I have been 13 inches from one of its teeth lined ends from swallowing my face whole. You think all life lives where you measure it can live, and that proves you don't think. You obey the lines 2023 draws. You cannot know what  2023 does, until 2023 does not do anything. Space travel begins like this: 2,023. Feel that? That was space entering your conscious moment. Did you like it? There's more! Your 2023 has no comma, and you have no Zero Birthday Card, and Roman numerals have no comma or zero, too, which means a Roman over 2,000 years ago is telling you how far you can think. FYI-Ijust proved your entire existence "one" Star-Trek Episode. nana nana. THERE IS NO EARTH. THERE IS NO UNIVERSE. THERE IS NO VOID! THERE'S ONLY THE MOON OUTSIDE OUR DOME. Google youtube mark jaycox regression- it's the deepest journey through time ever recorded. In part One, I describe the device that keeps me alive and safe from the howl between Domes. The Howl is all of time happening at once! Look at the document proclaiming you have reached an age and you will find it is void of that age-0-your missing link-0. Make your Zero Birthday Card, and in 365 days you become a ONE formed by your Halo-0. When no void is forming you, no void exists, and when no void exists, neither does Earth, neither does the Universe. Until you make your Zero Birthday Card-0-your Birth record is forming you as conscious as Frankenstein- ALIVE WITH NO AGE!
Surely the early universe had everything in it, then it would be much more dense than today, no?
Great shirt.
It is constant, however, how it is constant, varies. For instance, the speed of light varies as it approaches black holes. Additionally, the mass of the light in the black hole add to the mass, which greater mass, makes the light speed up to faster than the speed of light, in other medium that is.  The speed of light in the black hole is the same, however, the light itself makes the mass of the black hole change.  It's related to the Big Bang.  There are also wormholes which behave like a black hole, except, there is no matter inside, and, it is a shortcut in space.
Is time powered by something
"It must be constant, because every smart person says it is!!!!" ~ every person I try to talk to about physics. Big bang is false, FTL communication is possible (that's how force propagation works), all forces are the same. All obvious when you start thinking about fundamentals rather than just taking others' theories as gospel.
So, if space and time are not independent variables, then the effect of redshift from distant galaxies isn't caused by expanding space?  It must also be caused by slowing time?
It's been years but still the best show on all of YouTube.  Just need to get you out in the woods for a collab with Primitive Technology for the dream video.
Matt is back! I've missed the PBS Spacetime team ❤
When I was a kid the speed of car was 55.  Now it’s 70
I mean, it's already shown that C is much different when travelling through different mediums, so what's the problem? Now I'll watch the episode!
If you look at a black hole as the contraction and compression of spacetime, and a white hole the expansion and expression of time and space, you would have light moving faster than the speed of light if the space the light travelled through was expanding at the time. A white hole is a expression of spacetime where there is a point of space at the heart of a white hole that no light can reach even if shining directly in it's direction, because space is expanding outwards so quickly, that light can not make up the difference: that is the opposite of a black hole, a concentrated spot of mass so powerful light can not escape.
BHC would explain it because as we move closer to the singularity all of spacetime is condensed in such a way we can no notice the scaling variance and DM becomes conservation of angular momentum.  C would increase over time but again in such a way we do not notice it except by making distant objects appear more red.  Reality is what we view as the singularity at the start of time is the surface of the Event horizon and spacetime is inverted.   Try to imagin what an observer inside of a black-hole sees as his Z component becomes time and his new Z becomes a sphere around himself, with him living on an XY plane.
Light has no speed dorks.  Light is a field perturbation and frequency wave rate of induction traversing a medium   No photons being shot out just give it up
So in order for the speed of causality to change, we’d need a paradigm shift because the question doesn’t make sense with the given theories. The evidence doesn’t point to this being likely, but in the fundamentally different theories of the future the question could hypothetically be possible to redefine. Just like how once upon a time it was assumed by most physicists that measuring the speed of the medium light travelled on was just a formality in completing physics… and then modern physics happened. Hard to imagine that kind of shift happening.
Are there gravitational waves emitted from BH in head-on collision? I thought otherwise. Shouldn't there be a changing quadrupole moment not just a mass-dipole moment shift?
I first encountered the idea that the speed of light might go down over time as part of a creationist argument.  This would have been around 2003 at the latest, perhaps as early as 2000.  I don't recall what the argument exactly was, but it was part of a pseudo-science presentation that got wrapped up with a bunch of other nutty ideas that somehow managed to get presented on a college campus due to an invitation from a student group.  I wonder if the guy got the idea from real physicists, or if these nut jobs came up with it on their own as a way of explaining certain things.  Given that it was a long time ago and the ideas were all bunk, I don't remember much other than the argument that the speed of light might be going down over time.
Don't different observers have irreconcilable differences in perception between a first person and person perspective of crossing an event horizon?
How can the speed of light be both CONSTANT, and RELATIVE? The speed of light equation is E = mc2, plus a Constant.
Stupid question, could the speed of light simply be the expansion rate of the universe? Meaning, since photons don't have any mass, they're simply dragged along by the universe as it expands. And since the universe is so big, one would have to observe the speed of light for a long time to notice any changes (much longer than we have been able to).
A smoothie is not a problem, imagine a Karen breaking the causality rules...
Number One, you cannot speak of space or time until you encounter them outside of 2023, because 2023 is not there. Tree's are there 5,000 years and are fact, fact that makes you and your 2023 fiction. Is the ground there? Please understand-YOU HAVE NEVER ANSWERED THE MOST OBVIOUS QUESTION- if you had, then the Time:4,600,000,000 years the ground has "RECORDED" as being there would be "NOW PLAYING" in your conscious moment- except, you have never had a conscious moment. To measure speed you must have defined the distance traveled, and you haven't defined any distance consciously other than 2023. If the stars are there, then the Time: 10,000,000,002,023 it took to get them there is there, and until that there is your there, you are not there- you are fiction- a Pinocchio without a Geppetto.
I've had a theory that the speed of light is a variable for sometime now. I even have an experiment to prove it.  If you're at a red light, the further back you are from the light, the sooner you'll see the light turn green.
Thinking about the universe   with a variable speed of light is hurting my brain the same way trying to learn about hyperbolic geometry
This channel is BRILLIANT.. THANKS 🙏
The reason why we know GR is correct and VSL are almost certainly not, is that GR predicts a whole bunch of stuff out of the box like gravitational waves etc, meanwhile VSL makes no predictions and has to be massaged in just the right way to account for different phenomena that other theories already better account for.
João Mageijo has entered the chat.
But in which reference frame should you be simultaneously skeptical and open-minded?
thank you so much for this, That was a question I always had every time I was hearing about the Theory of relativity
Upload algorithm comment moment
Background sound on this video is lower and much better. Distracting noises sometimes make this channel hard to follow.
What’s the t-Shirt about?
Well, perhaps the speed of light _IS_ constant but the pre-inflation density of the universe (which we we would partially see by looking at very distant objects) was such that the speed of light in the past appeared to be slower as it moved through a much more dense region that has become less dense theough both space and time...
So, can we talk about how the Universe might be 26.7 billion years old?
Kind of disappointed you didn't mention Shapiro time delay.  Feels to my layperson mind like that proves VSL.  Would love to hear why it doesn't.
I really like the 5/7 sided SPACE cube.
It’s been a stressful day at work, and I laughed at myself on seeing this - of all the days, one where I’m already so low on mental energy, and THIS has to the topic that comes out!!    …And now I am watching it, because of f***ing course I am 😩 ❤️❤️🔬🧠
The big bang is just a vanishing point.
What if it is time that changes?
With regards to the speed of photons varying with energy, there's actually a very interesting sci-fi series that uses that as one of its physical properties. It's the Orthogonal Trilogy, by Greg Egan. An  interesting consequence of that is that stars don't appear pointlike. They instead look like rainbow trails across the sky, tracing their paths over time, with the red end corresponding to the oldest visible position, and the violet end the newest. That's actually one of the *less* weird things about it.
What if my dad didn't cheat on my mom...
This is related to one of your older videos but has anyone else found that rather than faster than light travel itself being a time travel paradox, instead the issue only arises when an observer is the accelerating reference frame and thus it would be more accurate to postulate that no observer may accelerate past the speed of light? Information, energy, etc. don't care that they arrived, from their perspective, before they left. For all outside reference frames, the object is only arriving prior to the light that would show its location; if light traveled from point A 1000 light years to point B, then someone at point B sent an instant message to point A, it would still arrive within a linear causality 1000 years after the event that prompted the message by emitting the light. If point A sent a message about a light speed event to point B, a return message could arrive 1000 years before the event hit point B but that would still be after the event was observed by point A. The issue arises when the accelerating reference frame carries an observer, because at light speed the reference frame will experience no time passing and beyond that the reference frame will experience arrival prior to departure, but that is subjective to the reference frame and thus is resolved by disallowing an observer to be within the reference frame. This also resolves things like the Alcubierre Drive, because the observers within that reference frame do not actually accelerate beyond light speed but instead warp space to travel larger distances with sub-light travel speeds, and outside reference frames would experience arrival of the reference frame before they observed the departure but still chronologically after the departure point observed the departure, evidenced by the fact that a return journey would have them arrive after the light had moved a certain distance thus showing that for the departure point, things happened in a linear time frame.
Hi! There is a lot of talk about the Wolfram physics project. Could you take a look and give us an appraisal?
Hmm is someone or something out there converted their planet to an intergalactic spacecraft, we should be able to detect that. And come up with some common sense traffic regulations before they get close.
Paradox: if I shoot a gun from the back of a vehicle in space going at the speed of light towards the front, wouldn't the bullet be traveling faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible that the Big Bang was caused by the speed of light being reduced from infinity to the speed it has today? This of course would imply a causality before causality would be possible, but then I’m no Einstein… 😃
Bummer, I'm experiencing the weird audio distortions again. They had stopped (or at least I didn't notice any) for a while though.
It's always a good time, for Space time.
What do you mean the smoothie seems to fall diagonally? It’s a parabola!
Is your voice ai? Yes, I am asking this really!
At 12:59, you mention slowing down light in a dense medium. Ok, so you slow down a photon, but that doesn't slow down causality.
What exactly is a massless particle? How does that relate to E=mc^2? I feel like I have seen a video about that but it isn't coming to mind.
Maybe light just seems slower when it's observed
As the density of this particular form of matter falls closer to the particle boundary the speed of light increases. If light can escape the particle cloud its' speed will be infinite.
If causality could increase its speed relative to other parts of the galaxy, could a theoretical supercomputer be built that processes stuff faster and comunicates it back?
Consider gravity waves rippling and warping spacetime akin to mass and the resulting time dilation down the gravity well.
In the case where c is getting smaller from the middle, we would need to be very close to the center or we would see different speeds looking different directions. Stars in one direction would be steadily getting brighter and in another dimming and color shifting would be different in each, as well.
Hey wait, this isn't all accurate.  The speed of light controls things other than distance and time. They control the energy contained in mass and other various things. That means that whether or not each possible chemical reaction is endothermic or exothermic must change with a different speed of light. This is very much an observable effect, and its not the only one.   Edit: ok, this *is* talked about. You should really have explained this earlier in the video, because now a bunch of people will think that we can't actually measure any difference in the speed of light
It's something I've thought about before, and a possible solution to the distance problem in cosmology. Probably has other issues in solving that though; dunno.
I can't even survive the supermarket, let alone the supernova.
The fact that light travels at the same speed no matter what direction, and speed you are going is such an incredible thing to me.
At 9:00, how is your VSL Problem a problem? Inflation also needs to drop off enormously, and dark energy also needs to do its thing gradually. Would it be so crazy if the speed of light did the same things over time?  If we wouldn't be able to tell the difference then i don't understand how these aren't 2 equivalent ways of explaining the same things. VSL universes seem to be equally unintuitive as inflation + dark energy
Isn't multiple observers being unable to agree on events the norm?
I'd been waiting my whole life for this video. I mean, especially over the past few months, but also my whole life.
To a photon the time = 0 and distance = infinity.
One thing I have never seen explained is that if all matter in the observable universe was in a sphere the size of a grain of sand: wouldn’t that create/be a bkack hole?
I think speed of light (causality) slowing down is a much better explanation of the Universe appearing to accelerate than "Dark Energy".
Can you go over the 26.7 billion year universe vs. the previously thought 13.7 billion year old universe. I don't really understand it and would love a deep dive on it. 😁
Awesome episode. This is something I wondered for a long time. And on this topic, why don't we always call c "the speed of causality" instead of "the speed of light in a vacuum"?
'GPS test of the local position invariance of Planck’s constant' J. Kentosh ∗ and M. Mohageg arxiv 1203.0102  the speed of light in a vacuum cannot be a constant.   GPS clock data contradicts the Equivalence Principle and the idea that the speed of light in a vacuum is a constant.  The electron transition energy changes with altitude, but the alpha and Planck's Constant do not.  Planck's constant and some forms of energy are unaffected by altitude, contrary to the General Theory.  Therefore, the speed of light must change with electron transition energy, and with altitude.
Does it mean that unit of distance also changes if speed of light changes.  if so would expansion of space actually  be  just change of distance. therefore a new theory for dark energy.
I suspect the answer to this would be intimately tied to whatever factors caused the value of c to be what it is in the first place.
If "Lorentz invariance" came before Einstein's "theory" along with the transforms etc.  Can't it be said that Lorentz had come up with relativity BEFORE Einstein and Einstein just used his position as a patent clerk to plagiarize?
There seems to be growing buzz around changing fundemental constants recently. So if fundemental constants can change, wouldnt we observe some constants changing in one way or another on exteremely small scales where tiny fractions of a second are concidered to be an eternity.  I've largely been against this idea but I'm open to being proven wrong.
A smoothie dropped in a moving train on the surface of the Earth, would follow a parabolic path toward the floor of the train, from the perspective of someone observing from the platform. It's not a straight line diagonal path as stated at the start of the video.
Just a little slow on the cut off there ;)
I would go more with the change in the permittivity of the vacuum near the time of the Big Bang
... Finally  (i commented this topic 8yrs ago in this channel)
RE: CMB uniformity:  while it is not testable, wouldent it explain the CMB if the progenitor of the big bang were a singularity?
I generally think of the speed of light being let equal to 1, and then defining my units to make sense in context. Instead of a change in speed, spacetime is stretched or compressed. Which is conceptually ('Let me find my notes') equivalent to gravity.
I'm convinced that our "observable universe" bubble is just one of millions more so us judging the whole universe CMB by our very localized "observable universe" bubble seems very wrong. What do you think the CMB would be if we could measure it for the entirety of space-time (all observable universe bubbles put together) or do you think it would still be the same everywhere as is with this very localized "observable universe" we live in?
The speed of light is defiantly constant: (I, almost, fixed that typo but I, actually, think it is better.)  Constantly questioned, constantly researched and a consistent carrot some people hope will win them a Nobel prize.
About a cosmological VSL model: I always found interesting the fact the the FLRW metric has the scale factor a(t) acting in relation to c. That means that in a cosmological scale, a VSL c(t) would be indistinguishable from a(t). Knowing that you guys are never afraid to show off some math, I was hoping to see this argument here. Even if it were to be counter-argued later.
I have no qualifications in physics .. how is I I understand everything you explain . In all your videos . Even paradoxical ones
Merci.
Would the recent study about the universe being older than we thought change the need for inflation? Assuming the observations are accurate and reproducible, lol
I am a huge fan of this channel! The content provided here is relevant and interesting for a wide range of people. I have a master's in physics and I have been watching this channel since I was a freshman. The only thing that the videos could improve is the sound quality of the narration.
Love the hyperbolic SPACE " spinning cube" graphic~
Where does the "lost" energy of a cosmologically redshifted photon go? What happens from the photon's point of view? Is the energy of a photon a feature of spacetime rather than one of itself?
Regarding the Horizon Problem, one thing I've never seen discussed is why causal connection is the only way to explain the "smoothness". Or put the other way, why would the density and temperature of causally disconnected regions of the universe necessarily be different if they hadn't been connected earlier?
I may be barking up the wrong tree here, but if you give a photon enough energy to the point where its wavelength gets close to the Planck length, it would produce a significant gravitational field yes? An observer within that field would progress through time at a slower rate?
I don't believe space can be distorted. It's just a vacuum, a big expanse of nothing ( no thing ). Clearly though, gravity bends light. We see timeframing around spinning objects. I believe what's going on here is that something is causing the path of light to bend as it passes a mass. I also believe the timeframing we see is caused by that same something which bends light near a mass. That something is stirred by a spinning mass which attracts that something, causing that somethings density to increase thereby refracting the path of light due to a change in the refractive index of that something.  We talk about the various fields of matter as if they are completely separate when in fact they are blended. For example, when we make pancake batter, we measure the ingredients. Then we put the flour into the mixing bowl followed by all the dry ingredients. Finally after mixing all of the dry ingredients we slowly add the water. What do we say we have when we're done? We say we have separate fields of all those ingredients. Hmm?   What we have in space is not a perfect vacuum. There's matter in that space. Light traveling through air travels more slowly than in a vacuum. Light traveling through water travels more slowly still. There are some materials ( matter ) ( man made ) which can increase the speed of light.  If a mass attracts matter by its' gravity that matter will be denser and its' refractive index higher. There is matter out there which is so dispersed even when it is denser we cannot detect it directly. The particles of this matter have the most mass yet detected. I'm of course talking about the Higgs field which exists in the combined matter field.   Any theory must obey all the laws of physics from the start of the theory ( big bang ) to the end of the theory ( big crunch, for example ), and back to the start again ( big bang big crunch cycle theory, big bang big crunch super cycle theory ).
How the universe looks from outside?
If i have a grid, and the total volume of all the squares or chunks must always be x... then if i take a mass such as the earth and squeezed it into a single chunk then the surrounding chunks must shrink to accommodate this change and keep the total volume the same... so if you had an infinite mass such as that of the universe stuffed inside of one of these chunks, then the surrounding chunks must be infinitely tiny... then the big bang would be a result of one such chunk overflowing and spilling out into the surrounding chunks, this would continue until either the chunks reach an equilibrium or the mass is not enough to fill all chunks, the 2nd would suggest smaller chunks near the edge of the universe... these chunks would be individual units of spacetime or the plank length, the purpose of this is to suggest a changing plank length of spacetime depending upon the mass occupying the chunks... this could be measured by a change in temperature on the CMB, where cold spots are tiny chunks, and hot spots are large chunks... this could imply that the famous cold spot on the cmb would be near the edge of the observable universe giving us a way to tell our location within the universe
if it works on paper (with enough variables) it must be true... right? lol
Integrate the cosmic expansion constant with the gravitational energy equation and boom…… very interesting derivatives……  Of course speed of light varies depending where you are in the universe  I’m waiting for the discovery of time waves in the opposite plane to gravity waves. This will prove many string theories
I hopw you will have time soon to touch on that new paper talking about doubling the age of the Universe. A similar discussion to this one would be good.
Humm...  the speed of "space/time" which is silly to consider is 0 to infinity.  Space/time has no mass.  So, in the early universe, the expansion of space/time into the void could have been infinite.  Any particle going along for the ride would have traveled at its own speed relative to the segment of space it was in.  Right?
I have so much questions right now! I really am a noob on this but want to ask a few of many questions here; Does the speed of light (massless particles) really slowdown in a denser medium or is it just because it travels a longer distance in the material due to collisions with matter or other energywaves within that denser medium? I assume our observable Universe has equal distances in all directions. So we are the center. But the real Universe is much bigger I hypothesize and what if (when there truly was a big bang and i think it was the start of a black hole in an other Universe if that's true) and That center or original point of the Big bang lies far from our observable Universe, then our observable Universe is part of of a cloud far outside of the starting point and then it is more logical that the density and temperature anywhere in our observable Universe is / was very much the same throughout. Also. What if matter that was ejected from the original point did not all have had the same speed but the acceleration differed somehow. Faster accelerating matter keeps on going even faster and faster, while matter that accelerated less fast still accelerates too, but a bit less faster (I write this on purpose like this) then the original faster matter. So the distances grow between different sets and looking from our point and place in time, we see our self moving away from matter of what we think is the past, and sets of matter that travels faster, we see as that what moves away from us (into some future?). So not all matter had an equal starting speed. Is that possible maybe? Or it collided with matter so some matter slowed down and other matter sped up. Is that a possibility?   I hope someone with an open mind can debunk or confirm some of this questions and hypothetical ideas!  Oh and about EM waves; Different frequencies has also different wavelengths due to more amplitudes or different amplitudes so the distance laid flat out of that wave differs from frequency to frequency within the same timeframe. Can that have a significant impact on how we perceive information in relation to time and space?
no closed captions this episode?
Space Time: finding the upside to the apocalypse.
Saying speed of light is like saying "speed of water". In what context??? It matters
If the speed of light was 10*22 faster at the big bang, then time would also be that faster, then there is no need for inflation and the cosmos would stayed in contact.  So it's the opposite, there was no inflation, it was the extreme speed of c and rapid decrease in c that gives us the appearance of inflation.
Well, it's obvious. The universe was smaller, then the units were smaller. Problem solved 😂
It's not constant. Everyone knows it's not constant but they keep saying it is. Dumbest crap I have ever seen.
You'll only catch up with all the missed responses if you don't break your glasses. (Twilight Zone reference 😀)
Is this true or cap?
I feel like a long time ago (10+ years) I read about a nebula that was close enough to a supernova to become bright when the light from the supernova reached it, and the amount of time it took the light to reach it matched how many light years the nebula was from that supernova. Since the nebula and supernova were far away from here this happened in the past and is thus confirmation that the speed of light hasn't changed. BUT I CAN'T FIND THIS SOURCE ANYWHERE RIGHT NOW. I'm pretty sure I'm not making it up but I'm not able to find the information again.
3:27: Spot the error in the animation... 😂
I find it sad to see real researchers lose their time in such non-sensical ideas. Varying constants is a nice catch phrase for mainstream media but it's not the kind of idea that should pollute researchers minds. It proves they have not understood the teachings of special relativity. Somehow, they sound like they want to be the first one to prove Einstein wrong (or go beyond what he has done), and sure there is a theory out there to be found that will make better prediction than special relativity one day, but what they fail to understand is that this new theory will have to take into account the lessons from special relativity: space and time are not fundamental properties of the universe, only causality is. Space-time is an emergent property of the universe when one considers massive systems, which means composite systems. Elementary particles are massless, therefore they don't experience such things as space and time. Those things do not exist at an fundamental level. In this context, c is just a scaling paremeter. It's not a magic number, it's not a fundamental constant or whatever, it's just a scaling parameter that enables us to use two different unit systems to measure spacelike intervals and timelike intervals. This scaling parameter only exists in our maths, not in reality. It can therefore not vary as non-existing stuff do not have that possibility. That video was really well done because it reminded this in an elegant way. Thanks for these useful clarifications.
The world of science is inhabited by a lot of constants, some dependent on c and the others not.  Decades ago I read a long paper that looked at all published measurements of both sets of constants over time and it maintained that the group of constants that depended on c show a reduction in measured values over time, whereas those that did not, did not, thus also ruling out experimental error as a factor.  I am not convinced that the variability detail was precise enough but it always left a query in my mind.  A VSL does answer many other anomalies but is inconsistent with other theories.  Interesting topic.
They timed light hitting the moon and returning, then divided by two, the light might be instantaneous going out and slow returning for all they know
I like to think that the speed of light is constantly varying, like a sliding trombone, but we don't notice for the same reason you state. To an outside observer, though, we're all accelerating and slowing down like a ytp
Now here I am playing with a light switch and stop watch.🤨 Thanks a lot. 😠
Regarding the dropped smoothie on the train.  From Matt's external frame of reference, shouldn't that be a parabolic curve instead of a diagonal straight line?
ERRORS AND CORRECTIONS: 1. Dicke is not even close to the most recent work done in this field. That's old and incorrect. It would be best if you read my work and the work of Hal Puthoff to know where the model is at today. 2. You are incorrect when you say that gravitational waves are not predicted by a variable speed of light model. They are easily predicted. 3. The current status of the model is, it perfectly recreates the Schwarzschild solution, the Reissner-Nordstrom solution, the Levi Civita effect, frame dragging, and the Kerr solution. 4. In my work I've equated the variable speed of light to a variable damping factor affecting the quantum harmonic oscillators of matter, consider the event horizon of a black hole, the harmonic oscillator would have a critically-damped solution. Inside the horizon, it is overdamped. At the surface of the earth, it is highly underdamped so we can use a small damping approximation. This damping factor affects length and time "precisely" like the metric of GR, in fact you can re-interpret Einstein's equations to say that, on the RHS we have all the matter, energy, and momentum per the Standard model of QM, and on the LHS, G mu nu, is what is "measured" when using matter that obeys the laws of QM, Heisenberg's UP, and whose wave functions are damped by noise and interference due to the surrounding matter and energy. It's very straight forward and the predictions are "exact" because the solutions are "exactly the same" as in GR! 5. Cosmic inflation can be understood where our rulers and clocks here are running down, slowing down, and contracting relative to the distant past. So when we see the light from distant galaxies it appears elongated "as if" they were speeding away from us, but it is our ruler that has contracted relative to the source of the light. In this way, the Hubble constant equates to a meter on Earth contracting by 6.8 nanometers per century. 6. The formula for Alpha also contains the permittivity of free space which cancels the change in c, so Alpha is constant in VSL models. That's a lie that keeps being repeated and perpetuated. I thought you of all people would see this, plain as day! All you need to do is use proper dimensional analysis to realize this. 7. Lorentz invariance is preserved locally, regardless of what the local speed of light is, because matter scales with the value of c. Lorentz invariance is broken only globally, when comparing two different depths in the gravity well. 8. CPT symmetry is not broken in my VSL model. 9. What you call "Flat" space-time, is simply the condition where Power_In = Power_Out at the sub-atomic scale, Matter is in equilibrium with the local vacuum environment. Gravity, is when this equilibrium "symmetry" is broken. It is broken here on Earth by interference from all the other matter causing power losses that result in "free falling" toward the center of mass. 10. This was not a show about VSL models, it was a hit piece. You seriously didn't do any research beyond Dickey? Just lazy I guess. Nice job on the graphics though. I hope you don't mind if I do a followup and tear this to pieces.   Please read my work on Researchgate.
Dark energy is the aether, I saw it on mushrooms once.
I love the idea that the speed of light is the rate at which we travel through time while at rest.    If we observe someone at rest, they have zero space compression and time compression relative to us: They're "normal".    If we observe someone traveling at the speed of light, they have total spacetime compression relative to us, appearing frozen in time and compressed to zero size.  So worded another way (and I forget where I heard this... possibly on this channel)    if we observe someone traveling at "c" they have zero velocity "through time", and    if we observe someone at rest, they have "c" velocity through time.  So in general everyone is hurtling through time at the speed of light. Strap in!
Ozone layer depletion in the event of a Nova isn't a thing. The ozone layer is self fueling. What would happen is the layer would get pushed deeper into the atmosphere. It would get hotter and the resulting plasma would actually do a pretty good job of shielding against further radiation also. The ozone layer isn't some reservoir. It's in a state of dynamic equilibrium. When you shove that in one direction there will be a reciprocal push in response.  However, having ozone deeper in the atmosphere will cause all kinds of chaos in the weather and habitability. Nitrous oxide in the air is not a good thing and that would definitely form in such an event.
Except that clocks are local and time isn't. The clock rate is dependent on non-time things like your speed which literally is clock dependent or mass which isn't. This is why we get this weird 'time evolutional' way of describing events in time when it's not (if Einstein's block model is correct).
The speed of light increases as we go far back in time, initially accelerating to ludicrous speed. Eventually it goes to plaid.
Fascinating. The disconnect between general relativity and quantum mechanics has to be one of the most fundamental problems confronting modern day physics. Possible solutions such as quantum gravity and string theory are highly theoretical as to be almost untestable. Absurd as it may seem, it's not unreasonable to entertain theories questioning the constancy of the speed of light, at least until we resolve the so called 'theory of everything'.
Idk what I'm on about I think but if light speed is a type of infinity there's lots of infinitys and some are bigger than overs so could there not be over speeds off light that we can not really tell because there all above the speed of light if that makes sense?
What if constants are not always constant
If I recall correctly, c is determined by the permittivity and permeability of free space, as shown by Maxwell.  If that's the case, then the question can be asked as, is it possible for those values to change over spacetime?   (That's perhaps what Matt's alluding to with his comment about the 'thickness' (and I will add 'stickiness') of space).  There is a conjecture that the values we measure might be a touch lower within the galaxy, so c might be slightly higher between galactic clusters, although it would probably be an extremely minor discrepancy. That's likely a red herring, and a hot dense early universe would seem to act to lower c, if anything.   We're looking for some mechanism by which permittivity and permeability can vary, or a way to test it.  As an aside, it's always possible that we're playing a mental trick on ourselves by defining space and time in terms of c. Maybe there's an insight waiting which lets us decouple those ideas, and find a way in which c changing is meaningful.
Here's an interesting philosophical thought: why doesn't the universe behave irrationality? Why does it have to make sense from an accounting perspective? A dream doesn't always make rational sense, but it can feel real enough. Why is our brains simulation of the universe so much more free of accounting than the universe? Maybe sense and understanding is a form of organization that we superimpose upon the universe itself. In truth, the universe existing is irrational and we want to make sense of this irrational phenomenon.
I kind of always assumed it wasn't constant, especially around situations like black holes and other super-dense objects. We used to think we were in some magical zone of habitability thanks to the MaGiC oF gOd, but now we know that goldilocks zone is much larger, and we also have an elliptical orbit as is.
if the universe is expanding, wouldn't the first meter a photon traveled 10 billion years ago appear to have traveled a kilometer or whatever looking back?
3:45 dun du dun dun du dun dun du dun DO WEEE OOOOO
Ah, so we can infer that noone's changed the "C" slider in the simulated universe hypothesis 🤔
causal casual contact could have been by entanglement,  so "close enough" is not required
Alright, what about this?  FIRST, we assume: 1) Space & Time are diff aspects of a larger "thing", 2) Matter & Energy are only variant expressions of a more fundamental "State", 3) the Electroweak Force "separated" only after the early expanding Universe had achieved sufficient volume to allow a Dimensional "Reconfiguration" sufficient to permit/necessitate Separation, as a kind of Cosmic evolutionary- balancing act to maintain internal stability, & 4) the fact that Gravity & G-waves exist proves the existence of a Hyperspatial dimension, as Gravity is an effect NOT a "thing" in it's own right, & thus requires some medium to manifest in & propagate. This implies a Primordial "Unseparated" state combining Spacetime with Matter/Energy, within an effectively Dimensionless (or merely 1 or 2D) Universe. So, what we call "Expansion" only occurred Until the Cosmic volume achieved sufficient extent to permit the Separation of Hyperspace from 3D space... This could support a higher Speed of Light up to Separation (assuming Hyperspace has the property of "flattening" 3D space); & as a bonus determining When this Separation happened + the Expansion-era value of C should also allow us to properly calculate the true extent of the Universe today...as well as explaining why I always seem to miss my bus in the morning...
If you are looking at a photon bouncing between two mirrors, what is it that you are seeing on the left and the right as the photon approaches the side mirrors there’s already light reflected?
What even is a comment?
I love this channel.
Question: This might be a stretch, but since clearly c is just x/t, doesn’t that mean we can map the topology of spacetime in GR to a variable speed of light in just the right way to recover flat spacetime?
@PBS Space Time Do you only respond to really good questions, or do you ever respond to dumb questions ... like this one?
Something beyond my comprehension is happening here. After watching a short by Dr Becky this morning about the age of the universe, I literally asked myself that exact same question. It was 15 hours ago. This video questioning the constancy of the speed of light just appeared on my you tube an hour ago. Are my neurons faster than the speed of light? 😂 Serendipity? Synchronicity? I also have a problem with the big bang theory. Why one big bang? We've observe on Earth and outer space that everything is in perpetual movement, perpetual renewal. Why should the big bang be the exception? Also with gravitational forces, does the light necessarily take the "shortest way"?
@PBS Space Time.  Dear Matt,    How can you talk about the speed of light and leave out the monkeys on roller skates?    From,  entire audience.
Would love to hear a Space Time response to Sabine Hossenfelder’s video on why she believes FTL is possible due to C being overdetermined by relativity.
I get the feeling people thinking lightspeed may be variable is a kneejerk reaction to the elegance of special relativity, probably a reaction to scientists and indeed general humans preference for elegant solutions. To me it makes total sense that one observer experiences information at one rate faster or slower to another because of their relative speed. Information itself is constant, they just read it faster or slower depending on their relative velocities/accelerations.   I haven't studied general relativity so I prefer to not think about a massive black hole in the vicinity of these observers but I'm sure it makes sense to those who have studied it. Flipping all this on it's head just to have the universe be "fixed" for no good reason seems, well, pointless and overly complicated.
I remember in school wondering if gravity acted at the speed of light, like if the sun instantly vanished would the earth immediately go off its orbital path or if it would take the 8+ minutes for the effect to reach us like it takes for light to reach us. I was told nothing can travel faster than light including gravity and we would continue on as if nothing happened for those 8+ minutes
Can't say no but let's just accepted the fact darkness passed at the speed of light, won't change that light passed silently at the rate of nothing
if you follow published measurements it was never constant-that excluding error! ans it was actually never measured , always 2 way averaged....
How to sum up that DI water bounces betwean 4.4 and 7.5 pH, "hee hee hee, stuff's".  But you get a computer programming assignment, learning Linux MAC, what if I just don't care, WHAT IF.  wELL THEN WHY CARE AT ALL,, "hee hee hee, stuff's."  So, stuff has magnitudes more horsepower, a not done assignment, has a magnitude less horsepower.  So Chin Liu  s' book - 'Death's End' supposes the solar system has a harmonic merit of order of magnitude.  So the Voyager1 goes vroom, some smaller orders of magnitude exist around the peripherry, but maybe not for long though, maybe its a glass white hole that starves atoms so they have red battle armadas that drive, physically our dull nonsense, "it's a talky ass soap opera", in order to keep warm.
Imagine missing an important call because the speed of light was too slow in your neighborhood
I bet there's money to be had, building underground bunkers that are "supernova proof". Maybe I should start a business, and call it... Vault-Tec. That sounds catchy.
I'm pretty sure a photon going from right to left gets there instantly, but travels at 1/2 C when going from left to right.
Amazing topic!! Ill save this for later but if it's not completely clickbait (which I don't expect) this is gonna be the first pbs st video i really enjoy in a long time  Hope it includes some of what rupert Sheldrake is talking about ("constants" being constant is apparently a dogma not supported by facts)
As usual I understood about one third of the information... that said, I still love every minute of these uploads and hope to understand more soon! Thanks Matt and crew! Great content as usual!
It would somehow make sense, if it depended on the expansion of space.
The speed of light changed over time, it was slower in the early universe.  The thing that changed which was fundamental to the universe was the density of energy in vacuum.
If two black holes collide straight near speed of light, how big would be gravitational wave? Can we call it gravitational tsunami? 😅
If light cannot escape the gravity well of a black hole then we already know that the speed of light varies based on location right?
Thank goodness his name wasnt Richard instead of Robert
Circular reasoning.  A meter is defined in terms of distance traveled in a unit of time at the speed of light.  The speed of light is defined as meters light travels in a unit of time.  With those definitions, we can't measure variations in the speed of light.  Physicists like cosmic inflation, but to my untrained eye, it looks like a fudge factor.  If gravity wells affect the speed of light... Then when the mass of the universe was extremely dense, we've got some recalculating to do. It would be nice to ditch circular definitions and look.
In my own, philosophically-motivated cosmology, I reckon time itself to literally be a path through the state-space of the universe, such that two neighboring moments in time literally are just two minimally-different possible states of the universe. Preferred direction through the state space, and so the arrow of time, is given by the anisometry of entropy. And yes, it follows that there are many equally real paths through this multidimensional time, that every moment has not only multiple futures but also multiple pasts, and yes I think this does relate to quantum mechanics and the many worlds interpretation thereof, but that's not what I came to talk about today. I came to talk about the topic of this video.  It follows directly from this that there is necessarily a constant rate of change in the universe. Since movement is a kind of change, there is thus a constant rate of movement... at least, unless the moving things are also changing in some other, internally confined, not externally kinetic way, since some "ticks of the cosmic clock" must be spent on performing those changes, instead of changes in overall position, i.e. movement. Thus any confined energy prevents things from moving at their normal, maximal rate; and conversely, the faster things move, the slower any internal processes within them must occur, because more "ticks of the cosmic clock" are being spent on changes in overall position, i.e. movement, rather than on those internal processes.  Not only does this give us inertial mass as the product of confined energy (mass-energy equivalence), but also any periodic process being used to measure time, be it a clock or a brain, will measure less time to occur while in faster motion. Meanwhile space, on this model, is reckoned as definitionally a measure of the (minimal) time it takes for a change to one part of the universe to affect a change in another part: that time is the distance between those parts of the universe. If a process being used to measure time is distorted, it follows directly that all measurements of distance in terms of that time will also be distorted. Et voila, special relativity: measures of space and time distort with motion to ensure that massless particles like photons (in a vacuum) always appear to move at a constant speed to all observers.  On this model, as you'll note above, energy works out to just be any changes occurring, and the conservation of energy thus follows directly from the constant rate of change. Thus it follows that in places where there is lots of energy, there is lots of change happening, even if it's all just internal change confined within a space, i.e. mass. Since the rate of change overall is constant, if there's already a lot of changes happening in an area, other changes will have to wait their turn, and so time will be measured to slow down in proximity to concentrations of mass-energy. This of course in turn requires that distances will be measured to distort in the proximity of mass-energy as well. Either of these distortions of space or time suffices to bend otherwise straight lines through spacetime toward the concentration of mass. Et voila, gravity qua general relativity as well.  For one last note: given that the arrow of time is toward more-entropic parts of the state space, and larger volumes have higher entropy potential, we would naturally expect to find space to increase in size over time, just at random, new tiny bits of space added in between others everywhere always, albeit at a rate, that has to compete with other changes happening, such that you would only really observe it in places very far away from concentrations of mass, like in the intergalactic voids, and the bigger and emptier the void, the greater the rate of expansion. So, there you go, dark energy too. But since there is now more space over which changes can occur, the rate of change per volume of space is diluted, so this expansion of space is also necessarily a dilation of time, or equivalently a change in the speed of light; they're all different aspects of the same phenomenon.
Basics: size is not relative to time Time is relative to size
Just ask Michelson and Morley.
I can't see how variable speed of light is such an impossible thing yet in the same breath cosmic expansion is perfectly fine.
Question. In a black holes collision the gravitational waves spread out until... When? Does the increasing event horizon block the waves from spreading art a certain point? Do these waves continue towards the internal of the event horizon?
14:53 You were doing so well until you added that last inane comment, which is why I am probably the only thumbs down rating you will get.
Is this a trick question or joke? Gravity can bend light and thus light can be influenced by forces. As a result the universe, which inherently is NOT a vacuum (at least not an absolute one) influences the speed of light. While the influence might be small over a fairly limited section of space; even small factors become large if stretched over a large enough surface. (Edit: Ah, I now see the video addresses this, should watch before responding. Sorry)
I clicked in this video as soon as i saw it, but it took an hour for the light from the screen to reach my eyes
Wait... how did you make a seven-sided cube with s-p-a-c-e on the lateral faces?  Who's been messing with Euclidian space?
Video idea! Explain what happens to black holes if false vacuum decay overtook the universe? Question: could an object ever be bigger than it's own cosmological horizon? What would happen if we pushed one end of it?
The early universe looked like an unfertilized egg 🥚, with opaque yellow and whitish yolk, until the moment that it fertilized.
The constant is only the two-way speed of light. We have never measured the speed of light in only one direction.
I HAD A FEELING WE WOULD GET ONE TODAY
What if inflation is correct and the refractive index of space changed during that process?
There was a recent article suggesting that the age of the universe may actually be closer to 27bn years. How might this impact all this?
Here is a question I hope you answer in a future episode: If light is red shitting as we look further in the past, where is it's energy being lost to?
I was thinking about the Nanograv announcement recently and would like your comments on this idea: Supposition: Dark Matter is gravitational wave interaction at subatomic scale.  It induces virtual particle creation resulting in spikes in local gravity undetectable as baryonic matter. LIGO can detect short intense (relative) waves from rapidly spinning and colliding neutron stars or black holes.  NANOGrav has detected longer wavelengths (light years!) that suggest everything generates gravitational waves according to their total input gravitational strength. The data suggests that there is a gravitational wave background similar to the cosmic microwave background.  It differs by being an energy wave of space and time dilation.  Might the copious meetings of peaks and troughs at subatomic scales excite the fabric of spacetime thereby affecting virtual particle creation?  If virtual particles pop in and out of existence, they should impart gravity while in existence.  This process can be viewed as a transfer of the gravitational waves’ energy into the virtual particle, allowing it to pop into existence, releasing its bit of gravity and then returning to the state of non-existent.  The constructive wave interactions become strong enough to generate a local virtual particle, thereby transferring gravitational wave energy into a brief, local bit of matter that is not detectible as baryonic matter.   Extrapolating to cosmic scales, the ‘gravity wave to virtual particle’ energy/matter transfer would naturally be higher in areas of higher concentration of baryonic matter.  Indeed, if all matter produces gravitational waves, it would result in a cloud of virtual particle creation in galaxies and around other large and massive structures that should be substantial but wouldn’t be detectible as matter.  The NANOGrav detector is seeing amplitudes of one part in a quadrillion for the large events, so most waves from ordinary matter would be exceeding small even compared to these.  These miniscule disturbances, multiplied by their number, could account for the additional gravitational effects we see in galaxy star rotation discrepancies, commonly called dark matter. Jim
Has someone speeded you up. or am I getting slow? Or is this a speed of light prank?
How does the "crisis in cosmology" play into this theory of c changing?
I think I'd like to hear more about the variable speed of causality. Most astrophysicists accept cosmic inflation because it fits the data, but it may also be an arbitrary fit to the current evidence we see. There is no known reason why inflation turned on and then turned off.  Maybe other constants were also different earlier on, not just casualty.
To assume variable speed of light, which mostly religious people do to promote the idiotic idea that the universe is 6000 years old, you need to replace Maxwells equation where C=1/sqrt(e0m0) with some vector or time dependent equation that allows for different speed of light No-one has, and it is not serious to suggest another speed of light without replacing Maxwell's equation.
You guys keep using graphics with planets in dips in a fabric-like spacetime.  Gravitational distortion doesn't get deeper toward the middle of a planet - rather, it get shallower until you get to the center of the planet, where the gravity of the planets mass nearly cancels out. Your graphics should have the planets sitting on a spike in the middle, rather than rssting at the bottom the way a bowling ball on a cloth would.
I alway wounder about the Planck's scale and if that has always been the same or if it is a different size in other parts of the universe such as outside of the observable universe
Changing the speed of light is trivial, just change the medium. I know, it get bothersome to say it so many times, but I feel it would deserve more repeating at the start.
The only thing that's constant is my love for PBS Spacetime
Just after the big bang the universe was quite dense, far from being a vacuum so the light had to travel slower like through any other medium. Not sure if that translates to it`s slower speed but i recon it should move slower through it then it would do through regular vacuum.
10:17 It isn't necessary to look in exotic places to disprove the idea that higher energy photons have greater speed. The energy of a photon is dependent on its frequency given by the simple and elegant equation E = hf. That means photons of different colors of light have different energies. If this hypothesis were true then we should measure different speeds of light for different colors of light, or more generally, for different frequencies of any electromagnetic wave, such as radio waves and gamma rays.  10:39 What mechanism would be responsible for this effect to only kick in a super high energies? Again, a judicious application of Occam's Razor should put these theories to rest.
Lucky to live in a reality with PBS Space Time.
Whenever a scientist tells you something is set in stone/unchanged.     Just wait 10-20 years for the, “oh.. it’s not set in stone”, discovery.
you look like an neaderthal don't you know
The speed of light is parametric. If the parameters are not constant then it can't also be constant.  The problem of variable time, is what does it vary with respect to? The same can be said about space. So in the end, variable time or space are equally useless and it's simpler to consider the gravitational landscape of the universe to be both non-euclidian and singular. The universe doesn't need to expand at superluminal speeds if we are viewing it from outside a gravitational well... It also doesn't need to move or accelerate. But I view a static model as highly improbable. My point is that we look at space time in an intuitive way that does not reflect reality.
5:05: I love how the cube that says space has all five letters on what should be four sides of a cube.
you have to actually do proper calculations, you cant just pick up a formula and just use it when its from a completely different formulation of the physics. so if you slow the speed of light, then you go do a particle physics experiment to measure the fine structure constant its perfectly possible to get the same results with a different speed of light. so that should tell you something, you need the parameters there to have different values intrinsically to get a different result, meaning you have to detect a slower or faster speed of light, a different permittivity or plancks constant or a different charge. if you cant and a vsl type theory can produce a speed of light that changes without changing the intrinsic relationships then the argument is in shambles, it doesn't need to change the fine structure constant.
Well, quantum engagement does send quantum info FTL. But I do have a question, and that is how do we know the speed of light? It has never been measured in one direction,  just a round trip. So light could be going slower in one direction and faster in the other, thus = 299,792,458
What happens when a wave transmits from one medium to a second medium with a different transmission velocity (like light going from air to glass)?  If some version of variable speed of light theory is correct, than light and gravitational waves would have had to transmit through different mediums.   Can gravitational waves refract?
I’m pretty sure that the speed of light is 1 and a second is 300k km  The speed of light can not change because the definition of time is 186282 miles   All velocities of course can be reduced to a simple meter measurement.  Not sure how useful that number is to driving the speed limit. Actually it is just a conversion factor.
A. How can the universe expand quicker than the speed of light ? If the universe was travelling at a certain speed in it's early birth that was quicker than now where's the math that makes sense? And what happens to the speed of light when it bends round a star or planet? doe's it speed and then slow down (because of gravity?) or is it  like air over a wing ....please tell me!
Nothing is constant but change
Sorry to be nit picky, but isn't it nonsensical to talk about time as the "rate" of anything given that rate translates mathematically as change over time? I feel it would be more correct to say that "time" is the fact that there is change at all.
We appreciate any time you take to respond to comments, Matt! Take whatever time you need to keep their quality so high, they won't be worth it if you let the quality drop.
Can we assume that quantum fields have remained unchanging since the beginning of the universe? Since light has to pass through all the quantum fields is it possible the early universe was different on the quantum level and thus had a different effect on light passing through than what we see today? As the Higgs field affects particles with mass, perhaps one or more of the quantum fields affected light differently in the past.
Something that has been bugging me for a while now. Has your audio equipment/processing changed sometime within the past year? There has been an audio distortion in your voice. And certain inflections make the sound distortion sound even more noticeable. Like at 10:48 when you say "C" it warbles. But it can be slightly noticeable in other parts.  It tends to be most notable with higher pitches like with the "C" but it also appears in lower registries like at 11:26 when you say "lack of evidence".
Curious if the early universe was like that smoothy, with all the rapid expansion of the universe that would potentially make light look it like was moving faster as the space/time expansion was  moving at speeds that I personally have issues imagining. Love the show, thank you for helping me understand our universe just a little more.
Of course it’s not constant. Humans are just primitive monkeys with monkey told who have no idea what they are talking about.
How spread out was the early universe?  Perhaps, it’s something to do with polarity oh light that could first escape. Entropy says things spread out, did the fabric of the universe go from crinkly, to more smooth.  The speed of light from the observers that are close together during the early universe could probably get entangled.  Then as that extremely intense light decrinkled the fabric of space, the intensity decreased.  During the Big Bang it’s explained that different fundamental forces were combined. Perhaps the spreading of the entangled observers, after those observers had retained the information, is what makes light go faster.  As light has to be the fastest information can travel, the shortest distance is a straight line.  The more things spread out, the more the light speeds up. If light is speeding up, what would it be taking that from? The as particles jiggle slower, the distance the light travels to stay constant from a particle would decrease with the same amount of the jiggling.  In total, faster jiggling of particles around nuclei should be an increase in volume. The viscosity of light might be decreasing as the jiggling of particles slows, and those particles as observers spread out with entropy?
I've been promoting the idea that maybe, just maybe the laws governing the universe are not as immutable as the seem. Light is fickle indeed. Good luck! 😊
4:53 Space is a five-sided cube!
Do self-organization of BEC’s or superradiant lasers as a next topic. Arigato.
What if spacetime is sort of like an aero gel and the speed of light is the maximum light can travel through that medium.
That whole limit on observation of the universe is such a bummer and a great mystery!
If the speed of light slowed down and therefore time slowed down...would you be able to measure any change...? ...and if you cant measure it how do we know it hasnt happened or IS happening...??
Are there references frames where the speed of light is not constant? Could you assume a view where space or time is constant and the speed of light adjusts so internal viewers will always see it going C? Apologies if this question does not make any sense.
Now I see why time moves more slowly around my mother-in-law.
A quick application of Occam's Razor will pretty much put these variable light speed theories in the nearest trashcan. .
I'm curious.. Technically the speed of light is really just.. the max speed that matter with more or less no mass can move in the universe. So, perhaps that does remain constant, but the speed that light itself can travel changes. Now you mentioned this should cause the light to lose energy, but maybe it doesn't; The speed of light does change in certain mediums, but the light exits that medium with the same energy level it entered as in most cases(as far as I am aware). So *technically* it is *possible* the actual speed that light travels could vary without changing the "C" constant. Since the "C" constant really just refers to how fast something can travel in the universe. We only call it the "speed of light" because light travels at that speed. Really, it's the speed at which radiation can propagate, light just being one form of that radiation. Gravity also travels at the speed of light. All of this is showing there is a disconnect between the "C" constant, and the "speed of light". The speed of light CAN VARY, but "C" must remain(as it's title of constant implies), constant. So I don't think radiation slowing down technically violates any laws of physics, it just hasn't been measured, perhaps because it takes enormous, vast distances(or time scales) we simply cannot measure.
If I understand correctly (and I'm never sure I do), would you say that time and space are inseparable concepts? Space here referring to anything that is touched by the E.M spectrum.. anything outside would still be "space" but not "space-time"..   Im pretty sure I asked a question there... possibly 😅
matter eats spacetime to create gravity       SCHIZO
Is the speed of quantum entanglement the true speed limit of this universe?
That was a fancy "S P A C E" cube with a hidden dimension ; )
Just because something is cleaner, or more widely accepted as cleaner despite whether it is or not, or is widely accepted at all, doesn't necessarily mean it's correct. Life is often messy, not clean, and that includes everything in it, living or not. Violent explosions, supermassive speeds, cosmic forces tend to be messy no matter how you look at it, or how small or big you get with it. The speed of light in space is like the speed of anything in the ocean. I would purpose that there are "deeper" parts of space, in which any particle, photon or otherwise, would move slower, or be less dynamic in. Like swimming through water vs swimming through hunny, or jello, or, idk, a full on adhesive lol. And likewise, surely there are spaces in which they flow with no force, up walls, around corners, uspidedown, etc, because that space is super thin, like little to no friction to particles. I predict that if we start thinking of space and fluids, specifically like water/oil, as more similar than we previously thought, we may learn more about space than we previously knew.
The speed of light (in vacuum that is) is not, I repeat, IS NOT constant and never has been. Actually it decreases with the decelerating (yes!) expansion of the Universe. The decrease happens in half and those are called periods or layers. Thus in the past the speed of light is higher and going into the future it decreases. Same is valid for the vibrational frequencies of our atomic (sub) so called """particles"""" (not such thing as particle but I'm digressing here). We can travel to the past should we be able to cause our atoms to increase their vibration. It should happen within a crystal or metallic container (with such structure). The aether (space-time is the modern word for it, quite ambiguous though) has all the properties for such features to be setup and used mainly for time travel OR for timeless travel, in the powers of the current speed of Light in the same aether. If we decrease the vibration we will be plunged into the future.
take your formula for the fine structure constant, change c, go back to when you concluded you wont observe a local change in C. c the problem?
> The speed of causality  NO NO NO There is NO evidence for this. It keeps getting parroted and the answer ends up being “because that’s the way it is.”  It is not. You start this video saying we should look at old axioms and then spout off old axioms and ignore them, focusing only on variable speed.  It’s OBVIOUSLY and DEMONSTRABLY wrong from any number of experiments. The MATH doesn’t work out because we don’t have the right math for it. That doesn’t mean it’s impossible for information to arrive faster than a particle of light does.
Sorry Einstein, the rotation of the earth is what clocks measure
Say at the beginning of time things appear out of nothing, you would expect everything to have the same temperature because it came to be in the same proces. why then do we need the "everything was in casual contact" after the beginning. Why would the starting point be non homogenous? excuse my english.
Great show
Well it WOULDN'T be if light can be grabbed by gravity, it can therefore be slowed down by it.
I like to think of it this way: A higher speed of light corresponds to molecule-sized galaxies, and a lower speed of light corresponds to galaxy-sized molecules.
What happens to fine structure in variable speed models?
*all* the "constants" of physics are localised, go quantum, go far enough back, or far enough away, and things are not as we know them.
Imagine if the speed of light was infinite 😎
Fun fact: Relativity means watching this at 1.5x makes c=4.5e8
well yeah vsl on its own as a scalar degree of freedom has no hope, but that is kind of not the point. you have directional speed of light, matter contracting and all kinds of other tricks you can use, and these can give you all spaces of the same topology so its quite impossible to prove that vsl theories cant be alternatives, whether the background is dynamic or not doesn't really matter.
What is Webb looking at over there, back at the beginning of time?
Is the apparent expansion of space due to light speed change really less scientific considering dark energy and inflation are just accepted as a facts without any good theory to back them up? Looks like those problems are just a status quo that everyone accepts more easily than any new problems emerging from alternative universe models. Which is strange considering apparent lack of meaningful progress in that field for some decades now.
Could the added impact of condensed gravity have added to the rapid expansion of the original big bang expansion of light? Thus giving it a “boost” by combining all 4 forces and not messing with the original speed of c?
What if the matter expanded the dimension of space?The density and energy magntiudes of the early days of the universe could have pushed the laws of physics to a point that is rarely observed akin to the gravity warping of space and time. Which would explain the differences in observable light speed because we are observing sections of space   That would warp-spacetime and thus cause difference in observable speed of light. So it's like looking through a lens  where everything is farther than it appears. Except these principals are applied in reality. Edit: I see you are addressing this at 13:05 :) Eh you only touch on it. :/
Did anyone notice that the word SPACE ends up written, letter by letter, on the vertical faces of a cube? That cube has 4 faces, but then in the video it shows rotating and having 5 letters of S-P-A-C-E showing up. Clever stuff :D At 05:04 minutes.
I never understood as s scientist why people are so obsessed with lengths snd therefore speed in length per time. But it makes more sense to measure the  density of mass (or whatever influences so called speed of light) in a particular region. Then it makes sense that if the density becomes lower speed of light seems also. Also i would say why to reference us as a system. From perspective of the photon no time passes from its creation to its adsorption. This transfer of photonic energies is from its perspective in the same glimpse. Maybe this helps to understand the entanglement of two photons because from its perspectives the creation of both and adsorption/detection happens all at once
Man, ChatGPT is super helpful for digesting and understanding these videos.
wait, if the way we measure gravitational waves depends on the effect that those waves have on light, how are gravitational waves incompatible with changing light speed?
_weird veritasium noises_ lol
Why does a photon automatically move at light speed?
But isn’t cosmic inflation just as much of a “just so” explanation for the horizon problem as variable light speed is?
Hi, Martin Stent here: Many thanks for the informative answer! If I understood the answer correctly, you CAN stir up superfluid helium, but it's not as easy as stirring coffee, right?
This is similar to that documentary about the theory of 3 energy states of the universe
Well now I want a smoothie.
I saw a professors lecture on YouTube where he stated that it does vary. He gave the example of light being slower in the 1940s. If light is variable, a lot of our maths is wrong.
There is a question: what is the magnetic field strength of an atom?
❤
Crumples up theory of everything. Throws away.*
Thanks again 🎉
What if you're always wrong? As you always are
Speed of light has to be variable within a vacuum, I may be able to prove it with a very simple diagram.  If I'm going to come forward and share my theory, I would like to get credit for my work. I've been trying to share this theory for years but nobody will take the time to listen.
Bonus points to the graphics person who decided to put the five letters of "SPACE" on the four sides of a rotating cube :)
Thank you! We will have seen us again...
What does "variable speed of light" do to energy and, in particular, the conservation of energy?
Around 6:10-6:12 you say "gravitational field" and I could swear in the not too distant past (within the last year possibly two) I remember you saying specifically there were no such thing as a gravitational field. I remember thinking "how can that be?" of course gravitational fields exist. But as I'm just an idiot watching a YouTube video I acquiesced to your far superior knowledge on the subject and decided gravitational fields weren't a thing..........and now your talking bout them like your old friends lol.  Somebody, if you read this and have a moment, please help an idiot understand why gravitational fields are a thing now. Thank you in advance to anyone who offers an answer to my query.
from the reference frame of moving light, time stands still and distances are infinitely short
If the Higgs field exists (a fact I am not prepared to stipulate except for arguments sake,) perhaps the speed of light is simply the speed at which drag on the Higgs field becomes so great that even the limited mass of photons cannot overcome it?  And hence the Higgs Field has expanded over the life of the universe and hence changed the speed of light?
Ok this seems like the video to ask. We agree that time dilation exists. We agree that it is caused by both gravity and velocity. So my question is does time dilation effect the apparent speed of light relative to an outside observer? Like if you were looking at a black hole outside of its influence and you could watch light travel past it would it appear to slow down as it goes past?
Thanks for this interesting video. The idea is super cool, it is part of a more general hypothesis that the physical constants might vary over time and space. For example, some scientists have suggested that the gravitational constant or the fine-structure constant might also change. Recently, a researcher named Rajendra Gupta has used this hypothesis to claim that our universe is 27 billion years old, not 13.7 billion and that the cosmological constant is not constant at all. His model is based on two old ideas: that the speed of light decreases as photons travel (tired light theory) and that the coupling constants evolve with time (Dirac’s hypothesis). However, this model can solve some problems in cosmology, but also has some problems and critics. What do you think? Do you agree or disagree with him? I’m curious to know your thoughts. 😊
If intense gravity messes with time wouldn't it mess with the speed of light as well?
In a spacetime diagram with going vertical is standing still, moving at a 45° angle is moving at c and an angle bigger than 45° from vertical is moving faster than c; how do I interpret a horizontal line? 🤔 Is it like being everywhere at once?
Intriguing.
Is this not simply equivalent to saying what if time moved faster/slower?
so why is the speed of light 300000 m/s and not 400000 m/s?
oh science... cold reading the room to pitch the next big theory and advance the plot for our little movie.  more exposition please!
understanding how variations in the speed of light may affect the underlying mathematics of the universe helps one develop a proper working model for exploring possibility
Its prolly not with this possible ever-changing space-time median.
"The thickness of the vacum..." well, at the time of the big bang could one consider that?
This has been my favorite hypothesis for a while now. But I'm just Jeff.
...but can we really be certain there isn't a flying teapot ? Not if you want likes and views enough
I just noticed you put in the spooky backgound music any time you start talking about unproven theories. Very cool.
Irreconcilable  disagreements about the outcome of events ----- aka the ping is too high / game lag.
What if the speed of light is a Nyquist Frequency?
I can’t really do a smart sounding question, so here’s a professor emoji 👨‍🏫
The answer you are looking for is inside a lightning bolt. Take an ultra-high speed camera into a thunderstorm and get within about five feet from the bolt.
ooooh very excited for spacetime's take on VSL
As per chicken and the egg,  Did measurement of metre come first, or the measurement of speed of light come first?
you need to think of Spacetime as a "gas" that has density. while everybody thinks that space(time) strech around mass (in a 2D plane) i think of it more like a density increase in 4 spatial dimensions. denser space makes light appear to  travel slower because it has to go through "more" space.
I clicked on the video whilst watching a veritasium video, as I immediately wanted to comment that the speed of light is clearly not constant, otherwise light would not refract when travelling through materials like a glass prism. To refract, it must be slowed (split into different wavelengths) at different points (angle of attack on the surface). Therefore, it must slow when passing through the material. I propose that it is likely to travel through a vacuum at maximum speed, and through increasing density of materials at increasingly slower speeds. Blocking out light is effectively slowing the speed to 0. I will come back to watch this after finishing the Oppenheimer video on Veritasium. xx
Space with no change has no time. Time is just the measure of change not a physical thing just a measure. Space is void. Things in the space changing is measurable and thus time.
Matt, great video. You have given me something to consider when thinking about the movement of photons in the early vacuum. The issue I'm having really is scale. If the great Attractor is actually a galacty and we're in an arm which I'm really leaning towards. Then time itself may be an issue with scale. The reason I say this is. If we are merging with another great Attractor are we observing galacty that are from another  quadrant of the infinite ♾️ space entirely? In another giant galacty from some deeper part of our universe? Crazy 🤪 stuff but I love it. Damn.
Universe is not 14 billion years old but twice that, please tell us about it
“VSL Problem: Light speed needs to drop enormously to mimic inflation, and then very gradually to mimic dark energy”.  How is that any different to inflation! Let’s suppose an ad hoc inflationary field that causes space to expand massively very quickly, then slow down, then speed up again, because our other theories don’t work without it. And for which we have no direct evidence whatsoever, and there are now multiple instances where we fully expected to see evidence and have drawn blanks.  Yeah, I just hate how readily and unskeptically so many scientists accept inflation.
What if being constant isn't constant?
Never forget that there is no such thing as a vacuum and light never goes the velocity of c (the causality constant).
Does "expansion of the universe" refer to the stuff in the universe all spreading out? Surely there is an empty void beyond the furthest stuff, no?
But what if gravity was a spatial dimension and we were only living on a slice of it? That is, if light going through a gravity well is like a ants moving through a bump on the ground?
@05:44 is that what really happens microscopically with refraction? I've heard and read that you can maybe interpret that as light changing speed but that's not really what happens. There is a somewhat complicated interaction between atoms of a transparent medium and an oncoming light wave which creates an oscillating EM field which effectively looks like a wave inside the medium, but it's not like a photon comes into a glass and slows down or EM wave simply taking a turn. It's more like bunch of atom(shell)s buzzing orderly being driven by the "input" wave. Is that correct?  Just talking about speed of light in a medium starts to be handwavy to me. There are at least 2 things you can interpret as speed when it comes to light in a medium - group velocity and phase velocity and they don't behave the same.
Take A Moment  Professor My fellow ape.  Could time evolve? Constaint evolution might offer variable Constants Relitltivly speaking  Send Nobel Prize to the usual address  Keep Looking Up  Stay Safe and Stay Free 🎉
This is fake news. Jan 6 prisoners are being tortured by the biden regime
😃😃😃 Yes 😃😃😃 Now you talking some good weirdness.
What about the variable "speed" of time?
If it passes through a medium it can slow down so how is it constant? Isn't that how they caught a photon image?
In a manner of speaking, if you're familiar with the Lorentze time equations, defining any velocity for light is nonsence, since Time is undefined at the speed of light. So that means that velocity would become undefined as it equals division by an undefined value (V=D/Time).
I'm glad PBS is giving a spotlight to VSL theory. It's really great.
I would argue you could escape a black hole inside of it's event horizon 🍵👌
does anyone else think that photons are just being carried off by space accelerating? the speed is light is just how fast the universe is expanding to the observer relative to the edge
I absolutely must see a simulation of two colliding black holes! That'd be a wonderful simulation.
I've thought about his much over the past couple years. I'm not a physicist, but it just feels right to think that the speed of light is slowing down. Tieing it in with the expansion of the universe seems very appropriate to me. For all we know the universe never "exploded" into existence, and physical location might be better described directly as the transference of information, and interactions between that information. Instead of the universe expanding forever, leading into the heat death of the cosmos, it could just as easily be described as the speed of light losing all of it's "power" or something until there's no "power" left to send anymore information anywhere. So like, instead of infinite space, you just have a dieing universe instead. I don't think it will ever be possible to prove this idea, as you'd likely have to be outside of this universe to have any way of testing it.
Was matter created before cosmic expansion, or during it?
THE SPEED OF LIGHT IS INCORRECTLY NAMED IT  IS THE MAXIMUM HYSTERISIS OF THE ENVIROMENT, OR MEDIUM TESLA'S "DYNAMIC AETHER" BASED OFF OF MICHAEL FARADAYS DIELECTRIC FIELD IS THE CORRECT WAY FORWARD.  oh and it can explain magnetic attraction without a need for virtual photons ;) well shuckles ;D
Did you guys get a new microphone? Matt's voice is so much clearer!
This is fantastic
The current relaxed satisfaction with the two fundamental but conflicting and over 100 years old,  theories with both failing miserably to predict or explain 95% (dark matter and dark energy) of the observable "universe" is stifling progress in changing this totally inadequate scientific knowledge of the full real universe we live in.   It is not just the constant speed of light that should be in question but the real nature/source of gravity, time, and space,  if they are even fundamental aspects of our universe, let alone quantum entanglement, the uncertainty about the real state of everything at the quantum scale when not being observed or measured etc.  New mentality, concepts and a much more close inspection and criticism of the current scientific knowledge should be strongly encouraged not debunked. The James Web space telescope and other planned space telescopes data should be key and the way forward for this to start if at all.
C= the speed of light in a vacuum. Space isn't a pure vacuum. It's full of gas, ions, & particles of dust. Could this stuff slow it down, a little.?
Mudfossil university look him up. Definitely variable.. It's the hysteresis of the ether
Hypothetically, if our universe was a black hole, could we be experiencing the differences in proximity to an infinitely far singularity?  Wouldn't that cause the perception of 'inflation' and time dialation between the edges of the event horizon and the singularity?  Sorry for misspellings, I have macular degeneration.
Simple. Move the solar system from the outside. Spread force against the bow shock. Deflected the entire mass by redirecting using a different lowest path of resistance across one side.
To me, it's always seemed like if you slowed down causality, nothing would actually change. If you double the time everything takes to happen, then everything is going to still be perceived at the same rate 'cause now brains, computers, whatever in that space take twice as long to think.  Edit: I can't tell whether the absolute incomprehensibility of these replies is because I'm stupid or they're insane.
this makes me speed of lightheaded
Matt, I'm going to need you to come to my bunker.  We can't risk you missing any comment responses.  Don't worry, I can accommodate both coffee and tea, dogs and cats.  Also, you can have first dibs on bookshelf space, yours are probably better than mine anyway.
I've been watching some in-depth videos on this recently, so it's cool to see PBS Space Time covering it.
Chris the brain and dialect would like to have a word with you.
The speed of light being faster in the past would not only violate causality but basically physics as a whole since many physical phenomenon are reliant on C being a constant from the getgo.
Inflation is the biggest dodgy patch in history. "The universe suddenly behaved differently and then went back to behaving normally in such a way that can't be disproven and also makes the theory work". Yeah right.
Occam's razor would suggest that the speed of light is constant, and that's the conclusion I'm going with until compelling evidence against it is presented.
Question :   Tether two massive bodies (two galaxies with super massive black holes?) that are far enough apart that the expansion of space means that they will eventually be far enough apart that light from either galaxy cannot ever reach the other (hubble horizon? , (f that's right it should be called the hubble bubble!))...the tether is unbreakable and infinitely stretchy so it gets longer as the objects move apart....but once the objects pass the horizon...would it continue to stretch?   and a second one  if the tether were unbreakable but didnt stretch, would that stop space time expanding or would it continue and the objects stay static?  Thanks Matt and Space Time crew...  John
8:38 what is the actual mathematical difference between inflation and a variable speed of light. Wouldn’t those things be indistinguishable in some sense?
We need to be able to measure time and space independently of each other. In a hypothetical light-mirror clock, we need to measure the distance between the mirrors, in a way that doesn't depend on the "tick" of the clock. Could we use Planck length? Or perhaps something like the widths of nucleons or other particles to which we can assign length? What would it mean, then, for light to take longer to travel the length of some set number of those particles? I'm not educated enough to answer, but it seems to me that a slowdown of light speed is indistinguishable from the size of fundamental particles increasing.
that last response sounded like a supervilain. You've spent too much time with Kile. He's dragging you over his side!
Could the speed of light and causality be intrinsically tied to the overall 'mass/energy/distance boundary of the universe' ?? If E=mc² exists, it exists in a 'universal bubble' we don't know the nature of the perimeter of.. Could the math of relativity fundamentally 'expand' in technical ways as the universe does/did ??
That is why "scientists increased the speed of light in 2208."
The 1983 redefinition of the meter as the distance light travels in 1/299,792,458 of a second, locked-in the constant speed of light assumption into our units.  Good luck proving the speed of light isn't constant.
Finally, an episode of Space Time discussing not Spacetime, but Space Time!
I feel like we need to give Matt a break with the comments. He's a baller.
Comment section theories here, oh boy...
I thought that they just found out that time moved 5x slower when the universe started?
Wait. I thought that space itself is expanding thus not violating the speed of causality and enabling "normal" interaction prior to inflation, as well as the homogeneity of the CMB now? confused.
In regards to measuring speed of light and the meter being directly related: what if we have a photon bounce from point A to point B and we notice that it arrives faster (or slower) than any previous photon? Would we be able to say that the speed of light has sped up (or slowed down), irregardless of if the meter itself is directly related to the speed of light? (We obviously would make a correction to how big a meter is afterwards to be in line with the "new" speed of light.) Or am I misunderstanding something here?
WRT the speed of light just being the speed of causality: What if that’s just because of the current state of the universe? Like, the electromagnetic and weak forces used to be the same force… what if the speed of light and the speed of causality used to be different and the universe cooling off somehow coupled them?  I mean, I’m not claiming I think that’s what happened, but I can’t think a reason not to ask.
So what's happening inside of electron is it vibrating.... If so how does the electron vibrate when it's a particle side-to-side or all of it's vibrating at once if you can figure this out which I've already posted somewhere else but if you can figure this out you should be able to figure out the election which should help you with quantum mechanics it's really not that hard to get.... If you need any help I'm here for you
what if in beginning of big bang, spacetime was dense and the through that light might have moved in faster than speed of light?
Nice 5 sided "space" cube, lol
What if the smallest possible scale was smaller and expands with the expansion of the universe too? That would mean, causality is slowed too, because it takes longer time to communicate from one space to another? And therefore speed of light was faster in the beginning of the universe and time clocked differently. How can we be sure that the smallest unit was not smaller?
I was waiting for this one for a long time.
is it just me or does he sound like an ai in this video?
Episode idea - how would ghosts or Kitty Pryde of the X-Men "phase" through walls? What is happening on a molecular level?
curvature propulsion go brrrr
Can’t take CMB seriously as sats are too close-in and conduct earth magnetosphere - raising temps of baselines.  Anisotropic, much?
Is there truly empty space? How does restriction of a measurement can ever proof there is not a residue we simply are unaware of? Nothingness??? 0^0=~0 or? Infinity ? Scale? Hmmm....???
Hi Spacetime, are transcripts of your episodes available somewhere? Thank you for making such amazing free educational content!
Right when ChatGPT was released, I asked it what the implications of a variable C constant would be. It had a remarkably well "thought out" response that included all the hits you'd expect and are listed in this video. Wild times to be a large language model!
I'm confused as to why inflation is required for the universe to be at thermal equilibrium. Couldn't it have just started at thermal equilibrium? Why wouldn't it have?
if two atoms interact with each other at the speed of light there is very little gravity between them.   If you then have 100 atoms they each have to interact with every other one, so 100x100, and they have to do it at the speed of light. There will be a little more gravity. The more atoms are added, the more gravity appears.  It's as if the complex speed of light interactions needed to sustain larger and larger groups of atoms, the more latency is introduced and time has to compensate in order to keep the speed of causality constant from the reference frame of the atoms. Slowing time = curvature in spacetime.  It's like the frame rate of the universe slows in the presence of atoms all interacting with every other atom in order to maintain C. For anyone experiencing that drop in framerate there will be no perceivable difference, it's only when measuring it relative to the rest of the unvierse that the framerates differ.
665 likes please someone we need 1 more like this is your moment 👿
The speed of light is basically the speed of time if you move at the speed of time with destination moving towards you you should move at infinite speed relative to destination. .  Unless their stuff that slows it down
Showing the reflection of a photon bouncing between mirrors to the viewer does not makes sense. If the viewer can see the photon, is it obviously NOT bounced back.
So, could the expansion of the Universe be a slowing down of time🤔
In the double slit experiment, an interfrence pattern will emerge even if you send one photon at a time. After thinking about the nature of photons and that anything traveling at the max speed of the universe do not experience time. Could this possibly be an explanation for why photons interfere with each other in this experiment even though to us observers they do not seem to be able to interact?
I learn a lot from space time
The speed of light might be the pseed it is the of at least 2 opposing forces pulling on space time
It is rather odd, however, that the refutations of this theory arrived before the theory did.
This is something that I have thought about for quite some time. Is it possible that the fabric of the universe itself has a variable density corresponding to mass or the absence there of in its local space.  that this fabric behaves similar to the density of its medium and the speed of sound.  also can account for gravitational lensing because a varying density would cause the edge further from the center of mass would travel faster then the light near that mass.  Id love to know where my knowledge gap lies which can invalidate this.
Why is the speed of light tye speed of light
The better question to ask is if the density of space-time varies.  Is it the same throughout the universe and all of history? The Fine-structure constant may also have varied over time.
People think I'm silly for watching PBS Space Time. I never listen to them.
Ahhh Yes! PBS Space Time is finally exploring variable speed of light models! Very good! Change the refractive index parameters mu and epsilon and you have changed the speed of light!
A great video about Space.
Please change the audio back to how it was previously done. The current process is very unsettling, it is as if the video and audio do not match, or that it was re-recorded and dubbed after the video. It is bad to the point of not wanting to watch the videos anymore.
There are two lights, light and light premium. Light premium performs a lot better than regular light.
Veritasium did a video about how the speed of light could change depending on its direction it travels.
The universal constants are just where the universe settled on. It most likely wasn't like this in the beginning. IMO
How could I NOT click on this video?
Speed is same because of speed of  time changes
General relativity and quantum mechanics will never be combined until we realize that they take place at different moments in time. Because causality has a speed limit (c) every point in space where you observe it from will be the closest to the present moment. When we look out into the universe, we see the past which is made of particles (GR). When we try to look at smaller and smaller sizes and distances, we are actually looking closer and closer to the present moment (QM). The wave property of particles appears when we start looking into the future of that particle. It is a probability wave because the future is probabilistic. Wave function collapse happens when we bring a particle into the present/past. GR is making measurements in the predictable past. QM is trying to make measurements of the probabilistic future.
Did the heat of the super hot early universe affect the speed of light.
Three Body Problem homies know that the speed of light used to be infinite during the universe's Edenic era, but the expanse of the black domains has continually lowered it.
Next you'll tell me the mitochondria might not be the powerhouse of the cell.
I requested this a few weeks ago, now it’s here. Nice
The speed of light is “speed of time”, that’s why when an object reaches the speed of light, time for that object stops.
Who's gonna stop me if I break the speed limit? The Causality police? I'd like to see them try...
Rules were meant to be broken
leaving a comment right now but watching later
Plancks constant wouldn’t even come to play when spacetime is taken out of the equation
I don't think the smoothie falls diagonally to an outside observer since it's vertical velocity is not constant when you drop it.
Time is an illusion created by entropy. Entropic charge is relative. If the speed of light is constant, does that mean a moving object casts light slower? Slower than what frame of reference? Real relativity dictates this is impossible logically because multiple observers can have different frames of reference. Therefor, if two light beams are triggered in the same direction perfectly parallel, but one light source is already moving towards this direction, then the moving light source will be travelling faster than the one that isn't moving. But that's the thing about real relativity, entropy is local, not global, therefor there is no objective frame of reference, and therefor, all observations made from Earth and its vicinity are biased in their testing. We observe distant supernovas in the "past" because the light does not travel instantly. And therefor items that are moving perpendicularly from us billion of light "years" away from us are casting images to us that are actually deformed by the bending over distance of the light trajectory. The effect is akin to a fish eye lens and this is why JWST had to be adjusted because their calibration was entirely wrong for this concept, and I think what they did to patch it was actually reversing the concept that it can make us discover new things about light because now they're calibrated it to work according to past experiments we've ran successfully from the same point of reference. This is exactly the reason why gravity might actually be the collapse of extra dimensions rather than a directional force. There is no science out there that proves that Earth isn't flat and infinite that would work with this change of theory on general relativity and how light works. There is nothing preventing Earth and all other planets from being in their own world, their own dimension, and exiting their orbit is discarding them as a point of reference which in effect means accessing extra dimensions.
Watching from Granada in the west indies. Interesting for sure
I think the speed of light is the cosmic constant of "being still", relative to all else, that is.   If you really think about it, and consider relative expansion rates of the Universe, and our inability to measure the true pace in which the Universe expands, it makes sense. When we accelerate, as in you and I, with mass and all, all we're doing is fighting the expansion of our Universe. That can take us closer to other things, and away from other things, because we're fighting that "force" in the opposite direction, giving rise to inertia. By the way, there was this discrepancy of QM between how fast the Universe should expand, and what we actually can measure locally. Maybe there's something scientific to be done with that in mind, but I don't know.   Let that sink in, think about it. It all connects. The Universe is eternal, it expands, some of that energy becomes Big Bangs, those Big Bangs remain local in opposition to the eternal inflation, gravity is a phenomena of relative expansion rates, and so is inertia and acceleration. It makes sense mathematically, and it offers a bridge between QM and RT.  It makes so much sense, in fact, I am ready to be proven wrong here on the Internet. I welcome being proven or argued wrong, because my hypothesis makes so much sense it makes me depressed. I refuse to believe it is that simple.
So you can maybe think of gravity as: Energy that accelerates the transfering of information (speed of causality)? Just like how a bias on a semiconductor can allow a current to flow. When significant amounts of energy are located on the fabric of space the causality flows better. The E = MC^2 makes sense then. Just a thought...
As a kid I always wondered this. Same as gravity or whatever we think of as “constants”
What I got from this is that the speed of "light", or causality, is the universe's framerate
On a canvas other than space i would guess light would travel at a different speed
So the question is if the speed of light has changed, does that mean the devs upgraded the server hardware?
I think the only reason for photons' max speed limit (the speed of light) is the interaction between the dark matter particle they're paired in orbit with and the other dark matter that fills otherwise ‘empty’ space.  Space isn't empty.  It's full of electron neutrinos, (dark matter) muon neutrinos, electrons, taus, and photons.
It's like nerve signals, likely
3:29 what is that image of the photon in the mirror? 🤣 The guy doing the animation did a great job!
I've often pondered this. What of the speed of light differs entirely based on many variables, and it's only localized to our perception and/or region of space.
wow, 9 people are all first commenting on this video. Must be some YouTubian Relativity at work
Does Dark Matter affect the speed of light.
I don’t know much about position, velocity, or acceleration, but that next one is a real jerk.
"Thank you!! Omg." - Me, after looking for something to watch forever but then Space Time uploads.
Differences of density of spacetime can slow it down to a constant
Lol took you long enough to cover this.. fact is, speed of light might be instantaneous one way and 599mm m/s the other way
Not first!!!!
Light is stationary.
before 301
Bro's casually in space asking questions mankind desperately needs answers for
Yes! However, the speed of Spacetime is not the same for all observers. #SubscribedAll ;)
Clicked on the video at the speed of light
The true fastest universal speed is how fast it takes me to watch these videos
1st
First
foyst
First!
I have been waiting for this video forever
Perfect timing, just hit my pillow
What we all needed
The speed of light isn't constant. The speed of time bends.
1st
First
First!!!
First!
First!
First
