Light year
Just about 16 million views? Can we please get a sequel Pixar?!
LGBTQ+
Very exciting
Even tho the movie is hated,the trailer song is good
Look like it be a interested movie
The thing I don’t understand is why didn’t they make it an adventure? And why didn’t they bring back the characters from the tv show
Beyond!!
Unpopular opinion: *i liked lightyear*
I bet we had our own interpretation of this movie 0:18
4 Years ago today...
SUch a good trailer. What a shame that it's another case of Disney reaping the main character's role for the sake of boosting some other character nobody cares about.
Man, the audio 👌👌👌
LIGHTYEAR
LIGHTYEAR
*2022 was 3 years ago **0:47*
VERSO L'INFINITO E OLTRE
1:14 sox
every now and then, I come back to watch one of the best trailers ever made, and remember how you completely ruined a chance to make a great movie about it.... what a disappointment 😔
soy fan de buzz lightyear
0:47 STARMAN YUHHHHH
te tuve fe y terminaste siendo un producto mas del montón
Anyone in 2025
Tim Allen was right. Pixar's Buzz Lightyear film wasn't what I expected at all.
Whose here in 25
Lightyear? Nah. Superman? Now thats punk rock.
Buzz Lightyear Toy Story VS Lightyear Film Disney-Pixar 2022 Film Movie
1:18 1:19 1:20 1:30
LBGTQ +++++ is being shoved down our children's thinking. Nope. Walt is turning in his grave. The woke ruined the legacy of Disney.  A family place of entertainment.
THE fact I am a big Toy Story fan and I never heard of this movie is la blessing, because it’s honestly trash
🤘🏻
Amazinggg ✨
One of the worst Pixar movies of all time. I'm sorry, I know the animation is perfect and it honestly is, it's amazing but everything else other than that just feels forgettable and just downright boring. 5.5/10 movie.
Two women having a baby ??? I don't think so
In starwar buz light yeae went there big one call of duty IW
Not normal life 0:49
Made it my own montwood high it
1:23 This is the 3rd animated film that changes its aspect ratio  after Brother Bear (2003) and Enchanted (2007)
Maverick in future
1:13 people, people, people
So they show that buzz space ranger friend is engaged with a women this what they want kids to know . Wow
I got so used to superman with this song, that it looks like an edit for me lol
F ts
who else is getting randomly recommended this in the big 2025!
a questo punto fate un film su lo Sceriffo Woody
In 2003 teaser
This movie could’ve been so good man
Krypto... Take me home..
This had soo much potential but they completely fumbled it😢😢
biggest dissapointment from trailer to film
2016: Dwayne Johnson is Maui  2022: Chris Evans is Buzz Lightyear 2024: Buzz Lightyear and Maui team up to save Jim Gordon who is Santa Claus
This movie was so underrated even though it didn't make back its budget Pixar thought it wasn't enough
Unpopular opinion, this movie is fantastic!
Funny two parts of the trailer didn't make it into the movie.
This movie was destined for so much more 😔
2021:Lightyear                                2025:superman
there was so much promise here 😭
The best part of this film is the teaser
THERE'S  WAS STAAAAARMAAAAAAN......   WAITHING IN THE SKYY
Even though the story/writing wasn't the greatest, you gotta admit the animation is absolutely stunning. And personally, I feel like this was a great way to explore the character of Buzz Lightyear and a great tribute to the classic Sci Fi films from the 80s.
Well done on the teaser trailer of Lightyear good movie that stuck to teaching what I love about the values the Disney company taught since they were founded in the 20th century by old Walt himself.
1:25 Lightyear is the 14th movie to have the full Disney Closing logo after Finding Dory (2016), Moana (2016), Cars 3 (2017), Coco (2017) Incredibles 2 (2018), Toy Story 4 (2019), The Lion King (2019), Frozen II (2019), Soul (2020), Raya & The Last Dragon (2021), Luca (2021), Encanto (2021), and Turning Red (2022).
Star Man should have been in the movie, this version was so good
I like this movie
Does this count as Toy Story *Zero?*
knp di trailer adegan lgbt nya ga berani di tayangkan
Fun fact: this movie sucks
This movie is the epitome of disappointment...
extremely bad cartoon, Buzz is bad in everything, he is the version of antihero, he is clumsy and plot is bad, LGBTQ is presented to kids...like waste of time. They lost it, and best part is that he is Zorg himself....children can make better plots in basic school...and time line is like in Terminator back to the future, past...lost in time...Cartoons was so good when I was a child and funny this is rubbish
Só passando pra dizer que eu amo muito esse trailer e amo ainda mais esse filme! Torço muito que por um milagre divino eles façam um 2.
EXTREMELY disappointed use of this song it should've been superman
I love this movie. Gobbie better than the haters. This movie needs a sequel cause I left off a cliff hanger with Credit scene
This teaser is what I wished the movie was.
Lightyear Traser Trailer
This film made me cry
This movie has the worst evil Emperor Zurg ever, this Evil Emperor Zurg sucks balls!!! Evil emperor Zurg was supposed to be an evil alien or something or someone evil. Buzz lightyear is not evil!!! Buzz lightyear evil emperor Zurg? Buzz lightyear is not a villain. He's a good guy!!! Buzz lightyear is not supposed to be evil. Emperor Zurg He's supposed to be an evil alien of some kind or someone else evil not buzz lightyear what kind of evil emperor Zurg is that!!!? And buzz not voiced by Tim Allen? That is outrageous!!!
thats it no more pixar
This Movie Is Fall
the trailer is better than the movie lol
Where is budy
Anyone here in 2025
I remember when I saw this trailer. And now that I'm watching it again, it's spectacular.
This trailer was so good that it made me think the movie was going to be good
I’m just wishing that we could get a movie about Western movie about the cowboy who inspired “Woody’s Roundup”, but who would play Woody, Jessie, Bullseye and the Prospector ?  Personally, I would’ve casted somebody like Glenn Powell or John Krasinski or somebody who sounds like a young Tom Hanks as Woody
Where’s Mira Nova?
THIS IS ANIMATION???? HOW IS THIS NOT LIVE ACTION?
Starman suits Superman better
十
Like it if you wish Tim Allen should be voice of Zurg/Future Buzz
One man will go infinity and beyond.
Watching this in 2025, such wasted potential....
This movie had so much missed potential, but the fact that Zurg in this movie is just his future version of himself and not his father was the biggest disappointment I have ever had in my entire life.
i still love the starman theme in this trailer
sox carried fr
I feel cheated.
man...I remember going apeshi after seeing this trailer and thought it would be the coolest animated film ever  After watching it i was highly disappointed
Taken To Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Goofy’s Hat DVD 2022
This is such an amazing trailer to a really boring and dull pixar movie
Such a great trailer for bad movie😊
1:18 1:19
1:30
Although this movie is based on Buzz lightyear but after watching the whole movie I've realised that the character of Buzz is quite similar to Captain America 😅
They did NOT cook on this one
i came here for starman
This was by far one of Disney greatest movie teasers ever Definetly the movie and teaser gives you that Intestellar vibe
I'm so glad David Bowie's masterpiece wasn't forever associated with whatever this was supposed to be
Yo regresé a escuchar esta versión de Starman ... por superman
No trailer has any right to be this good
“Top ten moments before disaster”
Is a star man🗣️
The Magana Movie 5 Teaser On November 30 2023 Release Date November 22 2024
The Magana Movie 4 Teaser On February 21 2021 Release Date June 17 2022
The Magana Movie (2016) Teaser Date July 1st 2015 Release Date May 20 2016
one of the least earned uses of bowie in history
The Magana Movie 2 (2018) Teaser On January 21 2017  Release Date on December 14 2018
The Magana Movie 3 (2020) Teaser on May 10 2019 Release Date February 14 2020
The Magana Movie 4 (2022) Teaser On April 23 2021
Hey, this is the guy from Brawl stars IRL 💥💥💥
Saudade de quando nos pensávamos que o filme seria perfeito mas na verdade é horrível
Looking good!!! Only a few light-years away
After watching this movie, I don’t really like it if you like it comment on this video why if you don’t like it like the video please
Buz light year before Christmas
0:46 🤯
PIXAR IS NOT CANON
Don’t care what anyone says I love this movie
I saw this before “Encanto” and “spider-man: No way home” I got hyped both times
They NEED to make more of this.
This trailer got me hyped up, and honestly, I really liked the first 15-30 minutes of the movie. Loved the intestellar touch of time jumping every time he launched. He became so obsessed with the mission that he didn't even see everyone move on and living their lives in their new home. It was a concept I really appreciated, but once he teamed up with his forgetful and unfunny group, it fell flat for me. And it fell even flatter with the Zurg twist towards the end.   Overall, it started off strong and had some good moments and concepts. I adore Sox being both the only source of genuine humor because of his deadpan delivery, as well as being really useful for Buzz. But the middle dragged, and the end screeched to a halt. 5.5/10
So excited for this!! I eat sandwiches with ham on the outside too!
These kids don't know how good they got it smh there literally living my childhood
People chop off
Meat gronder
Questo è uno dei trailer più belli che ho visto in una sala cinema. Dopo averlo visto ho DOVUTO andare a vedermi tutto il film . SPETTACOLARE
👨‍🚀 🌚 🌝
And beyond Future
And beyond Future
Buzlight year is reak movie
Now is eppc unity college
Friend got mad in Japan or take care
Friend  GMA LAURA'S FRIEND HAS ARKHAM KNIGHT  DIEGO H20 DELIRIOUS
No black or white that's  rictes
That's Laura  friends account not nino
I'm in 12 grade not in specials needs class
Sued black white one
iPhone 14
Not going im  APPLE PARK IPHONE
Haha law csued
People who know that this movie made Andy want a buzz lightyear toy😮😮
Tanto hype para nada we 😭💀
there´s a starman...
El trailer está mejor dirigido que la propia película... Una descripción
Anyone else in 2024?
Man this trailer promised so much that didn't deliver. However still the best use of Bowie in a long time.
He's Hoooooot🔥
Mewo catvsick hear Chip sanck
Buz light year friend
Why does the trailer look & sound so much better than the actual movie?
1:23
1:22
Bro, is the song the starman the trailer bro i like the trailer the lightyear movie: 1:24
0:47 Superman moment:
The Magana Movie 5 (Rated R) For Blood and Gore And Violence And Strong Language
The Magana Movie 5 Teaser Trailer on November 21 2023 And Release Date November 22 2024
The Magana Movies Are Streaming on Disney Plus on February 20
Make A Trailer Film For The Magana Movie 5 (2024)
$199 .99
Now we need a movie of woody
Grand theft Auto v has no girl friends no kids
Chris Evan is angel in heaven free cat sock
No army in. Light year por test cat sock is free for high one 400
Bro used Starman before superman.
This was a movie I was genuinely looking forward to seeing cause the trailer but movie didn’t live up to hype :(
I didnt mind this movie
Bad movie
They have to make one for woody now right?
1966 Star wars is real on 2001
No O starwars is bad kids in black or starwars
Kim John uo
What a boring film.   Remember kiddies and disney adults reading this (ew), Star command still exists on some toon streaming sites.
This movie had so much potential, it literally hurts my heart. Tragic. Could have been one of Pixar's best if they knew what they were doing.
it nood animation
Glad this movie lost 100 million dollars :D
God I wish this movie was good, cause I just did not enjoy it
Cat sick hate him self
Is on nmABC7 NEWS
This teaser was better than the actual movie
Superman starman
Pixar I was really looking forword to this i'm dissapointed
It was a deeply flawed movie but honestly it could have been a lot worse. Should have paid more respect to the original Star Command cartoon
Underrated movie. I never understood the hate behind it.
Twi DIEGOS IBARRA AND YBARRA
Montwood high school elpaso
There's a Star Man....
I admit that I was Excited to See Lightyear mainly because of Starman!
The actual movie was such a letdown from this stellar trailer.
She fired the Star wars Cal the people black one
All that for a genuine bottom tier pixar movie
This movie is so bad
Woody: Worthless piece of F  Buzz: You will see soon.
Not diego gewn thevspuder friend vfre tiatso
Suing the Yoda for want HE DED
Calling cops in Yoda crazy person
They saied now burn too  hell
Leaving in elpsso
No one there imaginetion
They hard voice t Saying there. No money
There give me a way for walking in room
They let them go
No kids they join heaven
Should’ve been Tim Allen 🙏☝️
One of the best trailers for one of the worst movies.
Saying hi word
The beginning of the movie was great. The mid with the others not really
Cat is saying not you again make American again
It was saying five hundred videos in montwood
This was actually a pretty good serous science fiction movie. The only problem with it was that Buzz wasn't the Buzz Lightyear that everyone was expecting. I think it would have done a lot better if they had decoupled it from Toy Story, changed the identity of the main character and made it an independent movie instead of part of the TS universe.
Abuse humans
Cool
Modern Disney, where our trailer is actually better than the actual movie itself.
Who’s here because of the Superman Starman meme?
It would have been an awesome movie if they had the same story as in this trailer. I was so hyped for this. But this trailer is great, i come back to watch it from time to time
Lastima de Pelicula la hecharon a perder, el trailer esta mas intersante que toda la pelicula
This is one of the best origin story movies ever
this trailer introduced Starman, its one of my favorite songs now
I need that version of starman
I don't care what folks feelings are of the movie. I'm a 30 year old dude who grew up on Toy Story. This trailer was 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Who here after seeing those Superman edits, man this trailer hit different back then!
This could have been so good.
Toy story 4 is the last toy story movie 😔😔😔
No woody here :'(
There’s a STAR MAN!…..
Bebebebebe mewi
They pretent me diego
Diegos movie for school not teacher has actors
Remove chirspine he dating some girk
Some guy is acting hobort
I love this movie, and that’s not sarcasm I genuinely love this movie
Bro the trailer dont deserve this legendary song
GEAU DEBIT CARD HAS MONTWOOD HIGH SCHOOL JOVITE
Montwood has dbite card the RAM HEAD AND NUMBERS
Mewo meww mew cat crying in aear 52
Cat new one for cat come down earth
Cat be wuite nasa is helping
Busying im going get  armor in space station
Chris Evans Buzz: “I’m Buzz Lightyear and I’m in charge of this detachment” Tim Allen Buzz: “No, I’m Buzz Lightyear” Chris Evans Buzz: “I’M BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!” Tim Allen Buzz: “I’M BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!” Woody: “So, who’s the real Buzz?” Tim Allen Buzz and Chris Evans Buzz: “I AM!!”
Que decepción
The teaser is better than the movie itself
Evan I'm in. Buz light year vanosssgaing
Buz to infinity beyond two
NASA real medic
NASA working montwood high school
NASA working Disney land and evething
NASA is calling cops about Chris pine
Hacking the cat sock
Nassa is hacking it
予告が最高点だったな。デヴィッド・ボウイにも謝らないとね。
Music :🦸🏻‍♂️🌅
予告が一番かっこよかったわ。 何だあのフザけた内容わ。 金返せ。
There’s no way star man came from this 💀
Watching it now, always tears me up
Now do Woody ft jessie, bo peep and stinky pete as the villain
escondieron muy bien la pelicula en ese trailer, aun asi la peli fue genial
You won't believe actually I enjoyed this movie much better than Inside Out 2 Such an underrated masterpiece of Pixar which have gone unappreciated.
Sometimes in this industry trailers are better than the actual movie. This is one of those trailers.
Ok, so we got lightyear, when woodys roundup? we need a woody backstory, this man is not a toy this is a man and he has seen things. we need a full 3 hour movie about this guy. maybe an alternate title like Sheriff or something, but we need a deep story, and I will cry if they do it well enough.
The best
Lightyear 🤝 The Martian 🤝2025 Superman  So perfectly with David Bowie's music
Dude this trailer was great. Too bad the movie itself sucked.
Expected so much from this one😢
As soon as i hear him say 'her' to the commander when she said she was engaged to someone, i was like.....great, so they're putting this stuff in kids' movies now...great.  Way to confuse your kids
This tralier is one of the best ive ever seen. The movie was one of the worst ive seen
This movie sucked and disappointed me… but here I am watching this amazing teaser
This film had so much potential
Missing it the red cop it
Look Right here North
Chirs Evan busying pick me up in Disney theater
This movie looks so good, this movie could have been something special.
Lesgo buzz has lore
P*nche película hermosa, toca verla otra vez
Name canción
Me gusta mas este tráiler que la película
I will never forgive this movie for using Starman for its trailer first before the new Superman.
Disney turn cat off the Cramer take picture in eyewear
No Nintendo dafen pee
Some kid is punching wii game
Star wars is frozen 🪖 get off the studio v
Good song!
This Movie was a GREAT MOVIE WITH SPACE ON IT! 10/10
I always hate it when a trailer makes a movie look really good but the movie was under mid but above bad. The trailer made it look like a serious movie with jokes scattered through it but instead it comedy with a bit of seriousness scatter through it.
Man this movies was Dissapointed :/
2013 usa
Knee them officer
WWWE NO INSIDE OUT 1999
There no head booom wwe ground it
Wrong Diego ibarra inside out 2
No Kermit he bad boy bite bite you up
Funny how this trailer was so hype, then the actual movie was just... Well, take a look at the comments here that were made after the movie came out and you'll know.
I AM MRS NESBITT    - buzz lightyear 1995
So much potential Thrown In the trash
I really hate how they ruined this movie
0:48 the Superman song
This movie should have been current No Man’s Sky, but instead was Day 1 Starfield.
They geting groubd it seeing girl potn eeb site
This trailer is cinema, not the movie
Cartoon steel the Donald Trump's money's
Levan in us.army draft it
Not girls troll them neee be 199lvl
Website Chinese movies free to watch blue website
Hell no elmos going to poop him self
Light year2
Now not happying not minded
We could have had that song in the end credits also, but nooo, we had to have generic orchestra music.
I only came because I found out that one of my favorite songs was here
This trailer just goes to show that David Bowey’s music is so incredibly epic.
Not going to lie when I was 11 years old I was actually so excited for this movie  and trust me I somehow liked it😅
Man I still remember how much I choked up at this trailer. Haven’t seen the movie yet but it doesn’t sound like it lived up to the trailer.
Hell no experience no food no drinks
Man the first act of the movie was sooo good, we basically see a captain america man out of time story unfold but this time he really was a man of stars
Chris im in school highschool not ucla geting diego PlayStation V PlayStation 4
LIGHT YEAR BEFOR BAL IN SPACE
They done used supermans theme
Remember when we thought this movie would be good?
Cat is saying meow mewo
this trailer makes it feel like the greatest movie ever created but the actual story of the actual movie leaves a lot to be desired from what you imagined when seeing this in 2021
Now we need a woody movie
Kind of hurts watching this, knowing how much potential this movie had 😢
David Bowie❤
1:26 "To infinity and Summer 2022 "
That feeling when the trailers are objectively better than the actual movie tho
Mr m busy in real world fights in Casa looke like me in izhac or Diego
Bruh this trailer really made me think this movie was about to be fire
This trailer gave good WallE vibes, wish the movie had been as good and rewatchable as the trailer
FIREEEEE🔥🔥🔥
Joe GETING hand bite off
Donald going. To jail break up dieh God girlfriend
Trump is going to jail in UBH
Don't talked to friends in montwood there crazy
Hrart rey Nintendo black grey
Waiting for the phone called z or Samsung GLx edge
Some kid saying nine ten two
Those twins Elmo saw boy treats me
Leaving soon dible
The first time I saw this trailer I thought this was going to be one of coolest animated movies ever and after watching it when it came out I was very disappointed. Seriously how can a trailer be better than the actual movie
This is how teaser trailers are supposed to be
This movie is actually good i felt bad for them
the *Story* behind the *Toy.*
Busying chirs Evan is  mad about some bad word in 2014
Ms aliven tell the teacher vmake it in computer in PowerPoint
Chirs Evan  saw the kid shooting in Walmart
Im at CASA NOT IN SCHOOL MONTWOOD HIGH SCHOOL
Three twi one
Trump isvhas peach account
Sueing Montwood high school
🦸
PlayStation 3
They should have given this banger song to a superman trailer
I'm frst one 2014to2025
Leavingecakone I'm at school in high school in El Paso has going to jail
Its sad that the trailer was cooler than the movie
You can watch this movie in 3 minutes. It’s the opening to Toy Story 2
I wish the movie turned out how I was initially expecting it to be
If they end up doing Woody’s backstory I hope they do it better than they did with this one
This is literally Interstellar but on Ali Express 💀
I was so hyped for this
Movie had such POTENTIAL, truly a waste 😢
Well may 3 is space day is technically May 3 now but it's after midnight so later I will watch this for international space day
The song is good but starman doesnt really fit, its a song about an alien wanting to be friends with us, but hes afraid that hed scare us because weve never seen anything like them, so hes "waiting in the sky"
I had high expectations for this movie.
The movie could have been better.
0:47
Please what is that song 😭
The only good thing about this movies is this trailer 😢
I still love this movie
How was the teaser better than the film 💀
Man, this was... A hype movie, but it stunk.
Absolute cinema 🗿🍷
When I first watched this trailer, I was excited beyond belief, the idea of a buzz light year movie was just so amazing to me, and then the movie came out. In truth, I don’t think anybody was truly mad, just disappointed with what the end product was, especially because there was way better plot points they could’ve used that wasn’t “I’m you from the future” such as… “Buzz… I am your father” like we all wanted.  Edit: Mad
Seeing this in 2024 makes me want remake to were buzz just explores multiple things planets and meets and recruits people to his team that would I have been better than what we got in the actual movie
Tenia todo para ser perfecta...
i just came for the superman old meme
Why everyone hating on this movie??
11 ,12 1
Back to school in 2015 2016 17 18 19
Gumball is talking him self saying dhut up
ALAN  DONTINGV NOTHING BIY IS TACEBEOL
Remember when there was hope that this couldve been good?
Newo
Chris Evan let Tom hack play buz
I saw the trailer a bunch of times in the theater and the Starman song made me tear up every time.
It’s honestly sad this ended up being a mediocre movie that doesn’t get bright up at all. This original trailer looked so good.
Tremenda vendida de humo el tráiler
Sorry no trump in USAA
LIGHT YEAR ONE
No dam God in light year
*Reality is often Dissapointing* -Thanos
Movie so bad we link the song more to Superman now even tho it didn't made it into any DC Media yet as far as I know
I don't know why people disliked the movie, its honestly awesome.
Ah.... Who would of told that the best this movie did was the trailer
Cringe
Anyone else come back to this teaser  trailer sometimes?  2024 here, and I really really loved this teaser
Still waiting for the Mr. Potatohead and Rex movie.
Why did the movie bomb so bad?
unironically a good trailer.
Not may Oct
this movie had so much potential. So sad.
🔥
Chris get off the computer in back to school
No chirsoine eat
Human not ACTORS
Kerian us bad boy sayed in goung ti be diego suited
Name Diego ibarra. Buz light year
This movie is extremely frustrating bc it had potential to be really good!! The movie is just very confusing and doesn’t make a whole lot of sense!! The pacing of the movie is really bad it’s hard to sit through this movie in one sitting
I dont care about the whole woke thing, but the movie didnt live up to the hype for sure lol.
Fooled me for sure.
MAY 31 2001
Other side out around bokd
Ending the 1MIINTES
Cómo se llama la cancion
One thing I noticed about this is how bad the marketing was on 1995, they didn't include non-white american (also not old) action figure in their market, it's just buzz
Christ that  Mr. Respect cow boy game
this is already 2 years ago.. damn
CoXd
Mike son turn off computer in Montwood
Somenkidvhummping the teacher go back to LAURA
Don't talked to other Diego Ybarra only IBARRA
Christ evan ask Disney cartoon micky girl friend free ublock the phone
AKS Disney girl fix the phone Abc7
Fix the youtube
Let me called cops on Frances and little boy pranking
Going to played Cat sock
Green purpler blue Trump year in pink one blue nino
Came off
Spell the broker green thing
9,1,1  tiwn Tower
0:49 Song?
This could have been the coolest origin story movie ever made and they FUMBLED IT SO UNBELIEVABLY HARD
10000 / 100 the movie
If only the movie was as good as the trailer.
Some kid leftvthe family oooki
Me watching this trailer after seeing the actual movie: “I miss the idea of it. But not the truth, the weakness.”
15 Million people (including myself) got fooled into thinking this movie was gonna be amazing. Boy were we surprised, and not for the right reason…😂
Christ Evan  after him now diego
Chris Evan do the real one
Buz leaveing tii North Korea and back north Carolina are U.S ARMY
There were a lot of really cool things they could have done with this that they just didn’t
Im way superior to the movie  The trailer
Ver trailer:❌ Escuchar cancion:✔️
Toy Story A bugs life Toy Story 2 Monster inc Finding nemo The incredibles  Cars Ratatouille  Wall-e Up Toy Story 3 Cars 2 Brave Monsters university  Inside out The good dinosaur  Finding dory Cars 3 Coco The incredibles 2 Toy Story 4 Onward Soul Luca Turning red Lightyear  Elemental  Inside out 2 Elio Toy Story 5
Here we see one of those cases where the trailer manages to be cooler than the film itself
This movie was the starting domino of disney's downfall.
Wow buzz light year and beyond!
Go woke go broke
This movie inclusion sucks
1:23
My 6-year-old great nephew popped this on the tube & even he lost interest less than 30 minutes in, opting to watch YT videos rather than this predictable snoozefest (I guessed who Zurg really was in that time frame). *THIS* was the flick that got Andy & other kids hyped and excited for the Buzz Lightyear toy that was sold out in the 'Toy Story' universe? Highly doubt it.
Still mad this flopped, it's a beautiful looking movie. eith a good story
We definitely need a sequel and hope it would be as good as the original... please!
I used to wanna be buzz lightyear
Star man
Light year
Pg 13
Pg
0:34
One of the most mid films I've seen in recent memory
YOU, ARE, A, TOY!
Do not rent this movie on YouTube! I rented the movie, Watch half in the first 24 hours and 20 hours before the rented time expired, it got taking off from my rented movies. On YouTube,it’s a scam
Too bad this movie bites
la cancion la merece superman inutiles
movie was so bad. they said this was andys favorite movie and that toy came from this. there is so much that don't add up. hell the movie doesn't work as a stand alone.
Can you give us this song?
Copperbottom (Lightyear) Cast List  Rodney Copperbottom (Robots) as Buzz Lightyear - Ewan McGregor Peaches (Ice Age: Continental Drift) as Izzy Hawthorne=Keke Palmer Emile (Ratatouille) as Sox=Peter Sohn Phineas T. Ratchet (Robots) as Evil Emperor Zurg - Greg Kinnear Professor Zundapp (Cars 2) as Evil Old Buzz - Thomas Kretschmann Stefano (Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted) as Mo Morrison - Martin Short Marlena Gru (Despicable Me) as Darby Steel - Julie Andrews Meena's Mother (Sing) as Alisha Hawthorne - Leslie Jones Hermes Conrad (Futurama) as Airman Diaz - Phil LaMarr River Scott (Cars 3) as Commander Burnside=Isiah Whitlock Jr. Louis Tully (Ghostbusters) as Featheringhamstan - Rick Moranis
Let all the children boogeh
The film was a complete missed opportunity for a really interesting idea which conveys even pixar has lost its origininality...despite this however, this teaser is sick
This trailer gave me goosebumps first time I saw it. Pity it’s a meh movie.
Starfield on Disney
You could say the trailer is *lightyears* ahead of the actual movie
I love this movie
Ahh yes! when everyone was excited to watch it, until they ruined it with one scene 😂
Not bad
Trailer better than the movie.
Lightyear by James Gunn :v
U are a star
Best trailer
Que m#@$*a es esto
No fue una película épica como se suponía sería 😕
POLITICS should stay of the MOVIE INDUSTRY. Film censorship only shows how BACKWARD a country is!
This was one of the best teaser trailers ever made
This teaser had more personality than the whole movie
Underrated movie 💜
Goosebumps
Wasted my time watching it. Sox was the only good thing on the movie
1st Time as the Teaser Trailer of Encanto.
Man you guys could have done so much better but I liked the movie because of the great graphics and Sox because he was actually kinda funny but here’s my rate for the movie 7.9/10
🌑
The best movie ever made
Behind the scenes
What's terrible about lightyear? I liked it when I watched it for some reason. But I think the movie could have more toy story references possibly some music from toy story 2.😊
I think Chris evans grew up watching Toy Story
I hated the plot twist in this movie, but overall I enjoyed it
How do you got such a GREAT trailer and then your movie is SO mid 😢
This movie sucks
THIS TRAILER >>>>>> the movie
One minute you're defending the whole galaxy, and suddenly you find yourself sucking down darjeeling with Marie Antoinette and her little sister.
Chris Evans voted Biden. Nuff said
I think further on when Disney plans to make a movie from the stand alone characters they created they should ask the fans by creating a forum and select a best redemption. I was totally upset with the movie and the least I was expecting is at least a bonus scene where the whole story of Buzz was a film and Andy from the toy story was coming out of the theatre on his way home buying this toy and cherishing it. At least this would have been a good move.
Such a shame the trailer was sooo much better than the movie
If only the movie was as excellent as this trailer
Disney needs Jesus.
A mi si me gusto mucho la película, la voy a defender mucho
This teaser was better than the actual movie
Good trailer, everything a trailer should have, mainly the choose of song, Starman by David Bowie. More adventure than the entire movie.
Wait Be New Lightyear Tv Series Disney +
This should win an award... for being the most misleading trailer for a movie ever made.
Como cuando el trailer es mejor que la película:
NOT!
I was so excited about Pixar... And now go begging in television commercials to make people remember the illusions you gave when making a movie
I am your father from toy story was a Star Wars reference not for real 👌✊ some people get that confused sometimes
Too bad Tim Allen didn't voice Buzz.
esta peli tenía una pinta tn buena
One of the best trailers of all time for one of the biggest flops. They could have made this movie SOO much better than it was. Unfortunate because I was a huge Buzz Lightyear fan. Zurg being a future version of Buzz because of mispronunciation? Common!
Amazing trailer for such a mediocre movie.
David Bowie really is a Starman now...😥
I thought the film was alright not great a 6/10
Sucks that the movie was a huge letdown! The trailer had me hyped and everything and it ends up being a boring mess. And to make it worse they decided to add stuff that they knew would cause controversy and divide their audience.
I saw this Teaser trailer For Lightyear shown before Antlers, Eternals, Clifford The Big Red Dog, Ghostbusters Afterlife, Encanto, West Side Story, Nightmare Alley, Spider Man No Way Home, The King's Man and even Sing 2
La película se quedó muy corta
Обидно, что такой мультфильм провалился в прокате!😢 Будем надеятся, что Pixar больше не будет повторять таких ошибок. Как говорится: "Бесконечность не предел".
So sad this actually sucked
Tim Allen should have been buzz
Why does it give me massive goose bumps every time he lifts off and flies around the sun? :D
This movie touched my soul ,There's no words to explain what type of emotion this movie gives you .This movie just reminded me of " how long its been " exactly like the otto meets tobey spidey scene .Such a wonderfull movie ,A solid 10/10
Why is the sfx in the trailer better than the release💀
Trailer is better than entire film
I don't know why people said this was bad. This was an absolute decent movie 👌. The Cinematography was awesome and that plot twist with Zurg was kinda bad and kinda good. I never really hated Chris Evans to be the voice actor it was good.
I watch this movie in mall of America
Voted best song to trailer..
I just love the inclusion of "Starman" by David Bowie
Elon musk be like:
La película no es la gran cosa, solo por un beso decidieron odiarla a muerte, el mundo está lleno de gente horrible...  Tantos años de evolución de valores para que sigamos igual a los años 80/ 90 y anteriores
No way I’ll let my kids watch this movie for some moral reasons
This movie is a Masterpice
Roze😂
This movie took itself too seriously ☠️
Este es el tráiler más épico y conmovedor que vi alguna vez. Mejor que la película, a decir verdad, pero esta película no merecía ser un fracaso.
Sucks that the movie was a letdown... 😒
Star man...
I have been always wondering what buzz’s origin story was and this is what it is!
The movie had potential that Disney didn't know how to take advantage of.....
It's sad this movie was so mediocre, because these visuals were the best Pixar had done in legit years. Like, in my opinion the best since The Good Dinosaur (even though that ironically sucked as well).
“ To obscurity…… and discount bins!”
I didn’t like this movie, probably because my expectations went too high. I’m gonna like my own comment just to be sure…
This movie sucks
Trailer>Actual Movie  Bruh this was Suicide Squad all over again..
would of prefered it if it was voiced by tim allen
At the 0:33 mark on the right, you can see a constellation that is suspiciously shaped like the Pixar lamp.
Damned why can't this movie be good? this trailer is so amazing and the animation of the movie it's so great it frustrates me
One of the best trailers in Pixar’s history 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
this movie was really well done!!! the whole team deserves a thanks. really hope they turn this into a trilogy and cant wait for TS5
Except for the forced woke part, the movie was great imo.
I know that I'm late, but this trailer is better that whole movie
Love the musical theme.
This Is The Collest Pixar Movie In 2022, But I'm Waiting For Toy Story 5 👍
Spoilers: Turning Red turned out to be the better movie.
This movie could have been great... If they didn't add all the woke ideology to it.
Since they announced they're making Toy Story 5, maybe they could reference how this is a movie in their universe. Like, it's the 30th anniversary since Lightyear came out in the 90s or something. With that, Al from the second movie could return and he captures Buzz so he can sell a collection of Lightyear stuff.
I just can’t believe pixar wasted lightyear like come on
wonder if kid loving woody will make a return
hated the movie, it’s a pity that such a gorgeous trailer and phenomenal first act was wasted on a mediocre remainder of the movie
La verdad esta película prometía
You know, I think the problem with “Lightyear” was that it said it was the story of Buzz Lightyear and what really inspired Andy to get the toy (even though it was actually the cartoon that was the inspiration [which you can watch on YouTube for free]) when in reality, it’s a completely different story of Buzz Lightyear than the cartoon and the original lore. It feels more like the story of Buzz Lightyear from a parallel universe than a direct retelling of the original Buzz Lightyear story.  I think the whole film would have actually been better if it opened with this:  “You have heard of the story of Buzz Lightyear of Star Command, who went to infinity and beyond, who protected the galaxy from the threat of invasion from the evil Emperor Zurg, sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance. But this is not the same story that you know. This is about the real Buzz Lightyear.”  So, what do you think.
I love how this movie bombed so hard the biggest studio in the world had to come crawling back to the guy they fired for being a republican and ask him to reprise his role 😂
Buzz Lightyear = Real person Buzz the toy = toy Thus two different voice actors. Why were people making this a controversy?
A strange case where the trailer was better than the film.
This movie couldve been peak
I never thought buzz would go woke!
This trailer gave me so much hope for this movie. What a let down.
I don't care what anyone says, this will always be my favorite Pixar film, it was a wonderful movie and I loved every second of it.
Its a shame they ruined the movie
Disappointed with Disney with the direction they're going! SMH
This movie could've been much better. Much worse too, but definitely much better.
GOOD FILM
Let's all just remember ......to infinity and beyond. 😭
Just finished Buzz Lightyear for the second time. Am I the only one that cries in the teary spots.  69 years old and I still get so wrapped up in these animated series. I almost prefer them to human beans. Haha see what Google did the human beans. For Google has an IQ of -10000
Before: I wanna watch this movie After: I wanna watch THIS movie
great trailer for a not as great movie
Мультфильм мне понравился, несмотря на некоторые недочёты. Для любителей космических приключений подойдёт, моя личная оценка 7/10.
Sonic Prime: la Película (2023) Tráiler Solo En Cines De October 6 IMAX REAL 3D AMC
Sonic Prime: The Movie: PG 2h 6m (2023) Day: October 7th Saturday Food: Hot Dog Popcorn Soda Nachos  Dots And Junior Mints Year: 2023 Logos: Universal Pictures SEGA A Sega Sammy Company Lightstorm Entertainment Allspark Animation  Sound Effects: Wilhelm Scream Cartoon SFX 1951 From Warner Bros Movie Distant Drums Shen Wooley Screams and Ben Burtt from Star Wars in 20th Century Fox and Lucasfilm
I recently got acquainted with the work of David Bowie, and was surprised when I realized that the song from this trailer belongs to him. A wonderful musician.
Sonic The Hedgehog 2: PG 1h 53m (2022) Day: April 9th Saturday Food: Popcorn  Soda  Nachos  Hot Dog  Dots  and Junior Mints Candies Year: 2022 Logos: Universal Pictures SEGA A Sega Sammy Company Original Film  Sound Effects: Cartoon SFX Wilhelm scream From 1951 Film Warner Bros Movie Distant Drums and Ben Burtt from Star Wars in 20th Century Fox and Lucasfilm
Ok
Cars 3: PG 1h 42m 2017 June 17th Saturday Food: Popcorn Soda Nachos Hot Dog Dots and Junior Mints Logos: 20th Century Fox Pixar Animation Studios  Year: (2017) Mouth: June 16 Friday  Sound Effects: Cartoon SFX Wilhelm Scream  from 1951 Film Distant Drums by Sheb Wooley and Ben Burtt
Cars 3 (2017) Trailer Only in Theaters June 16th Friday
Esto fue lo único bueno de la película de lightyear, duda alguna nos estafaron a lo grande
This film is rated lower on IMDb than a 6 minute film based on Pac-Man made in 2012
Lightyear wasn't even got nominated at the Golden Globe Awards.
I have to say, this is one of Disney/Pixar's worst movies. My son, who loves Buzz, actually asked me to turn it off 30 minutes in and I grew up on the Toy Story movies, and even I wanted to turn it off. Next worst is all of Disney's live actions.
The trailer teased an epic film, but gave us a generic episode
trailer is way better than the movie lol i wish the movie was just as good.
Literally only good part of this movie is Starman
i love how they used bowie
This 💣 hard 😂😂😂 Captain America is match for Tim Allen.
My only problem with this film is that we didn’t even hear or get a reference to this song once
They did Tim Allen dirty. He will always be the OG buzz.
Enojado por que no pusieron Star man en la pelicula
song is so cringe
The  potential for this movie was through the roof in my opinion!! I think they could have really done something special!! Overall it's not a terrible or unwatchable movie it's just nothing really good!!
Star Man made this trailer epic, no wonder the actual movie couldn't match the quality of the trailer.
When you see Buzz's classic suit you remember all of your childhood in a flash
Trailer was better than the movie...
Many were hard on this movie and I understand why. For some reason they decided to use this movie force feed an all inclusive progressive wokeness theme that makes you wanna yack. For some it ruined the movie. For me, while annoying, it does not ruin an otherwise fun movie that has excellent visuals/CGI, some fun dialogue, a decent plot, and some legit moving scenes. Had they not decided this was the place to jam in every possible SJW woke trope, it would have been one of the great Pixar movies. Even with all that, I still enjoyed it, possibly because I love animation, SciFi, Pixar, etc. B-
Ok first of all this whole movie is about disappointment,bro every five second something bad was happening.this B (buzz) waisted his whole life for what?!to realise that he wanted to stay on that f.... Planet?!!!!! it's the worst sh i have ever watched.good now im crying couse buzz sacrificed his whole life and his friendship for what?!!!!!.....
DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE HIGH I REPEAT DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE HIGH
The trailer was better than the movie
This trailer made it seem like it was gonna be a lot better
This is the movie I wanted to see. This is not the movie we got.
This was definitely not the movie Andy saw as a kid
Hey niños !!! Que se siente ser adulto ? 😢 Película totalmente pensando en quienes vimos Toy story y hoy muchos somos padres de familia 🥰  Let the children lose it Let the children use it Let all the children boogie.. 🤓
Good movie, don't care what anyone says. Make a sequel.
I so love this movie watched it yesterday after downloading the movie on my smart TV is a great movie to watch
1:27 Too bad they didn’t have this in the film
The way Zurg is kept anonymous in this teaser is just 🤩
Good trailer, not so good movie
If only woke propaganda and plot holes by disney didn't ruin this movie 2022 would have been the perfect year for movies.
It's sad to see pixar fall off.
Goosebumps
This trailer gave me such high hopes. My expectations were high, and I thought Pixar would make an amazing Buzz Lightyear movie. Unfortunately the final result is nowhere as good as the trailer made it seem.
Happy one year. ❤️
Such an amazing trailer for such a mediocre movie😢
Did anyone notice when buzz said " it’s like trying to lasso the sun " was a reference to moana in the song your welcome were Maui lassoed the sun
He was going to say beyond.
This movie was so bad
One year of this trailer
One year ago. This trailer came out !! 👨🏻‍🚀👩🏿‍🚀 To infinity and beyond!
I decided to watch this While everyone was watching Jurassic World Dominion
float to infinity and more
0:48
That's cool.
Buzz light year no way home January 20, 2023 on Disney+
This was #1 on trending, and I’m not disappointed.
1:22 best part
Part 2 is where Buzz cornholes Woody.
I HAVE THIS BLU RAY AND DVD
This teaser is better than the actual movie.
When will you guys confirm Toy Story 5?
Terrible movie. how can they be space explorers and suddenly act shocked about time dilation...didnt make any sense
The trailer was better than the film
I loved the movie . So fun to watch.
I know its not exactly the same, but the beginning of this movie is VERY similar to the beginning of Top Gun: Maverick
Бесконечность не предел!
Toy Story + WALL-E = Lightyear
Movie was awful
Amazing loved it
I like the song
Iyyiutiririitiirir
⤴️🛌
Emllsdhfytyryy3u3u4uruturututururueurey3u4uy44urururutuuttu5U5yau6tu5
Best Movie For 2k22
Go buzz
WHY NOT
The movie did not do this trailer justice.
When you get woke you go broke 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
6.6/10
I love Buzz Lightyear 💖
To anomaly and beyond
The movie was SO GREAT ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You know, it's too bad this song wasn't in the movie itself. It really did fit the theme like a glove.
The people in this comment section are probably homophobic, y'all are really complaining about a kiss that wasn't even a second. There are other ACTUAL issues to point out with this movie but you go with that, touch grass people. 💀
This was the best! I lovws r The moviw
now this trailer is nostalgic
Idk why people hate this movie!!i enjoyed this movie 🍿 it was fun enough and it have very good graphic and it definitely deserves more score it was the best movie i watched in years the action the suit that buzz used it just hits notela and brings back good memories the story was shocking go watch it and people who rate this bad is prob just old people
1:03
Yo, Pixar. Can you stick with cannon when you do Woody’s movie?
porque picar tiene toda la culpa
Thank you Disney for representing despite all the homophobes.
This movie was genuinely good the people who don't like it and threw it in the ground were just homophobic and toy story jerkoffs
This movie was so bad, I saw it on a flight and people still walked out.
Came back to watch this trailer, because it's so much better than the final one they put on Disney+. Which doesn't have "Starman" for the music and it goes on way too long (basically ruining the movie!). This trailer was/is perfect to get me hyped before I finally watch it this week! *chef's kiss* 😘👌
So why did you guys turn off comments on the full trailer?
Promoting LQBT in a kids movie? Disney have gone mad
nope needs Tim Allen
Lighyear will have a sequel because Angus Maclane said that in the Toy Story universe there was a Lighyear trilogy.
The movie isn't the story of the human who inspired the toy, it's the movie Andy saw, but Chris Evans said it was the human who inspired the toy on Twitter. The astronaut in which the toy was inspired,for example, a human firefighter's toy, but not Lighyear is the movie that Andy saw, because it is not the movie of the human in which the toy was inspired.
They did t even use it in the movie
Thanks Pixar you ruined toy story for me and my kids, stop trying to program these kids let them make their own decisions.🤬😡
The teaser trailer for Elemental will be released on October 26 or it will be released on February 22.
Wow, I can't believe I waited for this garbage. I expected an actual storytelling and they mess with it
I just watched lightyear and it was SO AWESOME!! I hope they will make a movie called 'Woody' soon. 😁
the trailer was better than the movie
They should make one about Woody what do you guys think
Bro does anyone see the deleted scene in this trailer
I just watch it on Disney+ as my 2rd time
Dude using Starman was the biggest bait  in history
Honestly this is one of my favourite trailers for any kind of film. The music, the visuals, the editing, it’s really good. Almost perfection.
I wish the movie was as good as this trailer
I love this movies, this movie get very low rating, i enjoy this movie i love it
Adventure of Pluto Nash cartoon version movie.
This movie was incredibly fun to watch!
I found out what year Lightyear takes place!!!! It takes place in the year 2410!!
I like it movie and your toys
I'm disappointed to not hear this Starman rendition by Bowie in the movie :(
What an absolute miss not having this song in the movie..
This film could have been amazing, but its complete wasted potential
RATED PG  for action/peril.
Man, the more I watch this film, the wider my smile gets. This film was such a unique approach to the character and although the story isn't the strongest, in execution, it just clicked for me, every time.
Amazing movie, it has it all!!! Love it! 10+! 👏👏👏🔥🔥🔥
Tbh I really like this version of Starman more than the original. Sounds more serious yet exciting.
Lightyear (JamesimusPrime2798)  Starring: Buzz Lightyear as Himself Toadette as Izzy Hawthorne Toad as Mo Morrison  Penelope as Darby Steel Mabel Pines as Alicia Hawthorne Cat Toadette as Sox / Old Sox Cat Toad as Himself (an extra for Sox/Old Sox) Karen as IVAN Emperor Zurg as Himself  Guy Gagne as Featheringhamstan Sonic the Hedgehog as Airman Diaz Old Buzz Lightyear as Himself  Commander Burnside as Himself Ted as Eric Branch and Biggie as Deric and Zyclops Queen Poppy as Young Izzy  Director: Angus MacLane  Producer: Galyn Susman  Sound Designer: Ren Klyce  Score Composers: Christopher Beck, Jeff Morrow, Jun Senoue, Michael Giacchino  Executive Producer: Andrew Stanton and  Pete Doctor  Casting by: Kevin Reher and Nataile Lyon  Voice Actors: Chris Evans Keke Palmer Bill Hader Peter Sohn
0:33 Pixar lamp appears as a constellation of stars.
When I saw the teaser at first time, I said in 1:29 "Beyond"
Buzz Lightyear as Himself Toadette as Izzy Hawthorne
Mm🧤🥼🥽🥽🥽🥼🧤🥼
lgbt in a children 's cartoon ??? Shame!!!
Sox, you need to put on some SOCKS!!!
I really love this movie 🎥
Movie was amazing!
Film tai
a good movie, but people really exaggerate with the kiss 🤦
The textbook definition of lost opportunity
Buzz is wearing a shirt. Isn’t he originally a toy?
Coming back to this trailer really makes me feel great things. I'd already accepted from the other trailers that this teaser was kind of unintentionally misleading about what the movie was going to be like, and I'm not salty about it. If that's what Pixar wanted to make, that's what they're entitled to make. And I ultimately liked the movie a lot anyway, watched it twice. In any case, this teaser was the reminder of a very particular kind of wonder and excitement that I'd forgotten for along time. I think I'll be returning to this teaser quite a few times in the future. Hope there will be sequels, and maybe they'll be closer to what this teaser felt like.
"Let the children lose it. Let the children use it. Let all the children boogie."  Like a love letter from Pixar to all the fans, serving this up for all of us and saying, "here you go. Enjoy! ;)"  Time to ROCK N' ROLL! LET'S GOOOOOOO!
This is the greatest, most beautiful, and chill-inducing teaser trailer of all time.
God I wish the movie was more like the trailer: a nostalgic yet amazing emotional movie
What if in Lightyear 2, Buzz use hyper speed to get back to earth but went back in time and meets Woody
This was an amazing movie! My 2 boys ages 3 n 8 actually sat through the entire movie and even clapped after it ended!
A worse version of Wallace and Gromit: A Matter of Loaf and Death I’m sorry to say
Lightyear truly has to be one of the films released in 2022 so far.  Chris Evans did a job playing Buzz Lightyear and the action was in the  film. The film has storytelling and the CGI was animated. The side  characters were along with Buzz Lightyear and the villain was a bad guy.  The jokes were sentences. This film really is one of the films of all  time, if not the last decade.
Disappointing movie
All the trailers basically spoiled everything, thats why I don't see trailers anymore
It is probably last time that I'll check some ratings from imdb or whatever else is there what gives rating to movies, I'm beyond happy about this cartoon! It's like I'm went back to childhood! Nice story, charismatic characters, fascinating visuals. Now this picture is in one stand with all of my favourites pictures.  It is a minimal chances that someone from creation team will see this, but anyway, thank you for brining me back to childhood. It is was so good that I wished this 100 minutes of cartoon is not ended! Thank you.
The movie somehow managed to be boring and stupid at the same time
The movie turned out nothing like this trailer. I was expecting epic space faring journey. Instead if was a bunch of unfunny, rag tag group that saves the day. Literally no space ranging involved. Very disappointed.
Better than expected and Sox is quite funny.
Thought maybe it was the trailer giving me the "feels", but no it was Bowie
The movie was thoroughly disappointing. The fact that there was no bowie at any point of the movie. The bad guy wasn't even a real bad guy. It was just a desperate man trying to help his friend and buzz just gats him.
An amazing animated movie. The holo-message bit made my eyes water.
My favorite part of this movie was when Zurg said “it’s zurgin time” and then Buzz said “It’s buzzing time” and then he along with Morbius protected Gru and the minions from Zurg
Disney uses many bots like " TrophyHunter95 " (in other pages too) and delete comments like mine... This is very sad.  This movie uses stereotypes of minorities (this is not positive for them because it ridicules minorities) to gain more audience because the plot of the movie is so boring that it can't do it.
this didn't end well lol
Lightyear is a movie and it made Lightillions of dollars at the box office. This truly proves that Lightyear is truly of the movies of all time.
it was not particularly bad but don't watch it ... believe me 😮‍💨
I went and saw it last week. I loved it a lot. And people are blowing this completely out of proportion just like they do with everything. The kiss was like 2 seconds long and if you blinked you would've missed it. If I was a kid I would've went out and bought a buzz lightyear figure after seeing this movie
Thank god for banned this movie in my country
Now that there's a movie involving only Buzz Lightyear in his universe, they need to make a movie about the Battlesaurs in their own universe. And the best thing I can see is that they'd obviously depict them with elements of Greek and Roman mythology.
We need a slinky dog one
Greatest Bait of all time
For a movie about Woddy, who do u guys think Woody's enemy should be?
Vengo del futuro Las cosas se salieron de control
So if this is a movie that Andy has seen in the Toy Story universe, does that mean this movie is live action in their perspective or does it count as a 3D animated film in their world?
فيلم رائع جدا ونتمني العمل المستمر والدائم علي دعم واحترام الميول الجنسية وتقبل الآخر وإعمال حقوق الإنسان كافة بشكل يليق بعصرنا ومحو هذه النظرة المتخلفة الراجعية التي عششت في مخ أجيال تعمل كل السوء في الخفاء وليس لديها الشجاعة للدفاع عن حقوقها وميولها ،تحياتي فيلم ممتاز جدا.
Banana
Movie was mid, but this trailer really felt like it was going to be a spectacle!
Cool
Le tenía expectativas a esta película,lastima que terminó siendo una decepción :(
thanks disney for ruined the movie
The movie doesn't really deserve flopping that hard at the box office cuz of 2 miserable seconds. I honestly enjoyed the movie. It's far from being perfect or a masterpiece or something like that, and it's still kinda underwhelming considering it comes from Pixar, but not a very bad movie by any means.
They destroy my childhood
Steve Jobs would roll in his grave if he saw what Pixar has become. Pixar would've been much better off if the evil mouse never bought their company in 2006.
I think I get scammed
1:01 -Deleted Scene with Buzz and Burnside looking at the XL-15
Believe it or not but I actually loved this movie, the animation quality was so good and the story was very interesting!
This is definitely a woke 2016 reboot of the original movie Andy watched back in 1995
I’m seeing this tomorrow night 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
Lightyear is one of the worst movie that I watch
You lied to me @lightyear teaser
the worst fail of the year lol
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Please can someone identify the name of the soundtrack when buzz takes off? At 0:25
Oh man the mpvie wasnt that bad, but it didnt deserve to become one of disneys biggest flops of all time
I watched and I know it was only made to make more money from Toy Story, but i Loved it, just wished they had Star Man from David Bowie in the film.
Ha ha 😂😂
I would have liked it better if they just did a Buzz Lightyear of Star Command reboot instead.
It's hilarious how they're turning off the comments for this trash lol I'm surprised this comment section is still on.
Loved it!!!! I'm not a Toy Story fan, but I was so drawn to this and loved it.  Don't believe the critics, it was well done.
Fracaso
The most controversial thing about the movie that nobody is talking about is that the movie came out on fathers day and forgot about Izzys (hawthornes grand daugher) dad in the movie? What happen to him? Everyone had a story except for him, its like Pixar is making fun of men/dads or saying we are irrelevant...?
the trailer that lied to a generation
my respect for disney is pretty much non existent
Notice how Pixar hid comments on the two main trailers. You don’t care what fans think. You just want to push your agenda.
RIP Disney - I see your future and it looks bleak - reap what you sow
0:30 When Buzz is slowly floating in space, pause and look at the background. Luxo's a constellation in the bottom right!
Will Cross $ 150 Million Domestic Worldwide $ 300 Million
The trailer was better than the movie itself
So happy this woke Garbage failed. People are waking up from the leftist agenda.
1:16
If only all the movie was just like this teaser... I mean, it's not bad but I thought it will be epic
F for Lightyear
I was just so shocked at how they kept the fact that a black woman is in this movie as a surprise at the end. I never imagined a black woman would ever get to be in a movie. This doesn't scream of woke pandering at all!
Who agrees that this teaser was 10x better than the actual movie?
God, this movie could've been the coolest thing pixar ever made but it turned out... Not like that...
I love it this movie just watched today. Love the robot cat!!!! And we will know who is the real bad guy!   Wating for woody movie
trash year
Suicide Mouse.
Please make a movie of woody’s roundup and not a tv show
I’ve already seen Lightyear a few days ago and I actually loved it and I don’t know why a lot of people hated it but I think it’s nostalgic
I watched this in cinemas
Did the box office turn out the way you expected Disney lol. Go woke, go broke. Leave our childhood IPs alone, how many times do we have to teach you that lesson.
This was extremely disappointing
TRASH whould be better with woody
Honestly disappointed. There were few scenes of Zurg and forced stuff. 6/10
I have to say this: you guys ruined my childhood memories from this series.. the forced inclusive ideas blah blah doesn't match with EVERYTHING! gosh... I really hope we get through this "fashion" soon..the worst era from movies videogames music etc etc...
Zurg 2022 vs sydrome
Buzz lightyear 2022 vs Mr incredible
This is the most miserable kids movie I’ve ever seen
I just left the movie theater and I saw light year❤ pretty good movie and entertaining!!
Is this the movie where he kiss the cat and marries it or is that the sequel
Chris Evans just loves going forward in time
Disney has lost all my business.. ..including Disney  World....even if it was free admission.  Sad.
Go WOKE, Go BROKE  Di$ney
I actually loved this movie
Way better than planet 51 (2009)
just teribble
We know about the *Toy* now it's time we know his *Story*
Nope
this is definitly not the movie that andy saw in 1995.
This trailer was full of promise. Such an exciting, thrilling, origin story. All the good this trailer did was Undone in the delivery of a Woke, identity politics message. What a waste of a monster opportunity.
Man I loved this film. Even though it did terrible financially and certainly wasn’t Pixar’s best, it was very beautiful and generally alright.
I just saw the movie and I was a masterpiece 9.5/10🥳🥳🥳🥳😎😎😎🥹🥹 been a fan for forever
Big L
I saw the movie
Peco Peco Peco Peco Peco Peco
They better make a “Woody”
Wn q buen trailer por la ptm, de verdad me emociono, pero la peli no cumplio mis expectativas 😢
Garbage. I can understand why they disabled comments on later videos.
Look what Disney did to Buzz Lightyear.. ☹️
My older brother is a fan of Buzz Lightyear.
Yet another case where the trailer is better than the actual movie
Imagine how dissapointed that zurg is indeed not buzz father.
Well this movie was a absolute financial train wreck
What a horrible piece. Bring Tim Allen back
Box office flop. Stay woke, go broke.
Well it's nice to see that light year is up-to-date and the cartoon age with lesbians bibbs that was a bit of a shocker but Hey I think it's cool that they actually are introducing gays in the cartoon world now especially in Disney I'll let you know what I think about the full movie when I get done watching it I just started it but I had to pop this in and this was this was this was nice
This movie is pure garbage 🗑
I hope the movie is interesting
Is that me, or is that paladin dance?
Disney i'm a huge fan of your Classic Movies & Tv Show.  Now Disney what is wrong with you! Why are you making this kind of gays movies like In The Eternals and Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker (Episode IX) now this.  WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU DISNEY This things has broken our hearts 💔  Please Disney PLEASE don't listen to any one, Make only Family movies and Tv Show and Animated with Action & Adventure & Fantasy PLEASE Disney PLEASE  We all love you Disney don't Disappointed us Please.
crazy how this video is better than the actual movie
would have saw this movie if disney did not go woak with it thanks for ruining my child hood  disney you take out the scene when it comes to disney plus I will watch it😡😤😞
ㄚㄖㄩ尺　千ㄩ匚Ҝ丨几Ꮆ　 爪ㄖᐯ丨乇　千ㄥㄖ卩卩乇ᗪ 😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 maybe that'll start to teach you not to stick indoctrination in kids movies 👌🏻
Such an amazing trailer for such a mid movie
When the trailer is sadly better than the movie.
Get woke go broke!!! 😆
why is it so boring bro
What a horrible movie.
The trailers looks amazing but the movie was so bad
Not a bad movie at all. I give it a 7.5/10. It was a beautiful movie with good action. And it made me cry too. Also I love Sox, he’s hilarious
Go woke. Go broke. 🤣
How is the trailer better then the movie itself
This was so good.
Box Office BOMB. Nice job WokeDisney.
Garbage
To the Infinity and Failure
Woke Disney garbage
I mean zurg
What surf is buzz from the future  weren’t you paying attention to the movie
Wow great! Another lgbt propaganda 😑😑
Who’s here after the movie flopped? 🤣
HERE JUST TO CLICK DISLIKE BUTTON 😂
Go woke go Broke Disney!!! You lost
Needed more space, more battles, more epicness. It just wasn't... fun?
More Disney propaganda
Imagine what this movie would have made opening weekend without that 1 scene…. Definitely saved me money.
This movie was amazing, it honestly made me cry a few times
Way to go Chris Evans the Dinosaurs just gave you that L 😂😂 your movies were always awful.
I loved this movie so much ❤️❤️❤️
well... we all got clickbaited haven't we
Get woke go broke!!!
Whaaaattt? The movie flopppeeeddd? Hahahaha that's what you get. Go woke go broke. Fully deserved
Epic
Zurg is Buzz from the future
This did not age well.
No Tim Allen. No thank you
Gross, stop grooming kids, Disney!!! The movie is a flop, hope you enjoy the losses.
Don't watch
It's an awesome movie!
Ever since I saw the trailer I knew that this movie looked way too good and interesting to not be ruined by the self-hating green haired mob on antidepressants
GO WOKE GO BROKE. I am glad this crashed a burned.
This Trailer was better than the whole movie lol.
All part of the grooming process
Woke= Broke !!   Glad it flopped opening weekend.
A fun movie. Hope it finds its legs.
Today I've seen that movie into theaters this morning🌄 It's a great movie to watch😊
Absolute huge FLOP
What is this trash?
'It's not gonna lick itself'.
The movie wasn’t awful (plot-wise), but the trailer made it seem more promising than it actually was.
What happened to the comments in the other trailers?
Can’t wait to see Jurassic!
Just watched the movie today. The critics were so wrong! I absolutely loved it!
Fracasa ....por gei.
This movie is trash
Nice movie, definition of what actually a "hero" is. Become selfless to be a hero.
This trailer is way better than the movie ended up being
This trailer had more personality than the entire movie
And thats another that gets a 0/everything for me.   Tired of the over inclusivity without it making any sense to the target audience, shame that these bigger studios choose to project the current world drama on young children.
Bo-ring.
Lightyear is like 1992 space movie
So I saw this film in theaters today, and I have to say.. they did my man Bowie justice.
the trailer is honestly better than the movie
October 2020
The movie is appropriate for his age group and the comment was provided to let other parents know that it is generally appropriate for this age group. A point you obviously missed Traka.
My 7 year old grandson said it was the best space movie ever!
Man did this movie not disappoint. It was exactly what I wanted
I don't care about PC. But they must at least need to make a story better than this.
ADULT CONTENT !
Time travel exists.
Seven months later...  Houston, we got a problem.
Liked the movie, but, why didn't they used this song? Feels incomplete :(
That song starman by David Bowie sounds way better here than the studio version
this movie made no sense. supposedly   in the toy story universe Andy saw this movie with these level of graphics in the early 90s. LGBT kiss and all.
Man I’m sorry to say but this movie sucked 👎
I was looking forward to this movie... Not any more stop trying to push your agenda into my kids.
I just watched this movie today in 4D. It was amazing.
Get woke.....................................................go broke.
Going to have to sit this one out, no Tim Allen means no me
The trailer is better than the whole film  *Change my mind*
Y’all saying this movies mid but if I saw this made in 1995 everyone would be crazy for it
I still remember when everyone was excited for this movie and were ultimately disappointed, Andy has the worst movie taste ever...
👎
“You actually think you’re the Buzz Lightyear? Oh, all this time I thought it was an act! Hey, guess look! It’s the real Buzz Lightyear!” 👨‍🚀😆😆😆
Now they are going to have to re release star-man by Bowie, if its good enough for Kate, and this is a better song.
I think I'm with the UAE on this one.
More garbage in the name of wokeism.
Very good Pixar Film to date.
I was really excited to take my boy to see this.  BUT I WILL NOT BE SUBJECTING MY BOY TO THE FILTH THATS IN THIS.  The kiss to ruin all children's cartoons.  No wonder this is banned in half a dozen countries   Really can't kids just be kids without Disney grooming them with this kind of filth
"You are a toy!!!!"
Awesome
LGBTQ propaganda.
. ,
I just watched it today, it was pretty good The visuals, animation, and sound were amazing  It’s a pretty good Origin story for buzz
Buzz Lightyear and Hawthorne Darkyear 😎 nice nice
Two lesbians can’t get pregnant without a man’s sperm , sorry Pixar , buzz really shouldn’t be the bad guy in this movie ! Poor , very poor 🙄
This is one of the best trailers ever. Beautiful, Visually stunning, Perfect song choice, All while not showing too much unlike the last trailer. I Can't wait for this.
Now Showing in a theatre near you!
I still think that this is all in the real buzz lightyear (aka, OUR buzz lightyear from toy story)'s head and the fact that sox has the same voice as woody shows this is him dealing with his absence.  But hey, that's just a theory.  A film theory.
👎👎
I sense wokeness in this movie
Today it's june 17 thomas haden church's birthday and lightyear movie
This movie is now playing in theaters everywhere!
Ice bear wants to see Pixar’s another lightyear but with Woodys if so with woody that be great :)
Anyone else notice that at 0:33 you can see the Pixar Lamp as a constellation in the background?
Spoiler: the main character is the villian himself
Loved this movie
I can't wait to watch this movie
It's like watching your parents wedding after they got divorced.
Tim Allen is Buzz forever
Nope. Not without Tim Allen.
But there back story is at the toy factory being made 🤣
Another banger!! from Pixar’s
this is gonna be woke trash
Why is this movie banned in so many countries?  Lol
Movie is banned in 14 countries lol
Eh, probably going to be a flop without Tim Allen (The ACTUAL voice of Buzz).
Disney you are DISGUSTING!!!! 🤮🤮🤮🤮
TO INFINITY LET'S INDOCTRINATE CHILDREN!
I was going to take my kids to see this today... Then I learned how you are sprinkling your ideology into the film. Well, a different movie it is!
Pixar sucks now
And then they removed Tim Allen and lost their original fan base
Won't be watching this anymore with my kids after learning it has an LGBTQ scene in it (in a kids movie?? really?), I had enough of this Disney non-sense and will also be cancelling my Disney+ subscription.... They can take their grooming somewhere else..
Que de agente Z el compañero de buzz lightyear
TIM ALLEN WILL ALWAYS BE BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
What's wrong with his voice?
Definitely will be boycotting this one. My children will not be brainwashed
This movie is 🗑 🚮 🗑 🚮 🗑 🚮 🗑 🚮
I think Buzz's voice changed dramatically when he got older.  Where is Tim Allen's voice?
I Love Lightyear Teaser Trailer!!!
Is it suppose to look stupid?
Huge mistake to not use Tim Allen’s voice. Also, the “agenda” content is another huge problem.
Tim Allen would have made this movie.. why cast someone who didn't start this role and be everything my generation loved about Buzz!
What happen to Tim Allen?  Why did they change him?
No Tim Allen I’ll happily save my money and miss this movie
tim allen no go.
And then they tell you there is no future for Art    To infinity and beyond
Tim Allen is NOT the voice of Buzz??? Hard Pass.
They kept everything original even the appearance of Buzzlightyear to keep it true to the original source
Que asco de película incluir ese tipo de contenido sabiendo q son los niños que la van a ver la verdad es un asco
Bruh lost the hype Very genius Pixar for adding LGBT content
My children will not be watching this leftist agenda driven garbage. I hope this movie fails big time. There’s a reason the comments are turned off on the trailer videos. No one asked for or wanted this movie. It doesn’t represent the values most Americans want to teach their children.
My country bans this movie 🥲 .. but it's ok.
0:48
i hope tim allen will watch this movie
Do you know there's a buzz lightyere show
So his backstory is he's a planet traveler/ adventurer or something, then he becomes a mass produced toy 🤔
I hope they’ll make a woody movie
Should've kept Tim Allen probably won't be watching this one anytime soon it's just not the same.
blah
My kids will not be watching this.
perfect music chosen
*I will be boycotting this movie.  You can guess why.*
The music is a slowed down version of toy story
This hits different now that I’m seeing it in 3 days
The fact that people are so excited for this movie as Buzz’s first solo people make me believe that they were deprived as a child. Does Buzz Lightyear of Star Command mean nothing to you?
*I didn't know Captain America was a Space Ranger!*
Everything woke turns to broke. You'll learn disney.
You guys blew it.  You should have done his origin story like the world of Toy Story.  Buzz is built in a Chinese child slave toy operation and he has to break out.
BOOOOOOOOOO 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼 NO TIM ALLEN
Yes
Ngl… hearing Bowie in this made me kinda emotional.
From the Studio that Brought You Toy Story
This movie goes hard,feel free to record
If Chris Evans is supposed to be a different buzz, why is he trying to hard to sound like Tim Allen? 😡
TV-G + 2022 + 1h 40m + English
The fact that buzz looks like Chris is unreal.
1 more week to go!!!
This is so much better than the other trailers for this movie. No spoilers, almost no dialog, so much mystery!
Watched this when I took my son to watch the bad guys in the cinema, I didn't catch on in the opening scenes and thought that looks like buzz but surely they ent.... Then it hit, absolutely brilliant trailer
Returning the Infinity Stones be like:
Woody: YOU ARE A TOY! Buzz: But I'm not a toy i'm a space ranger also i'm from the movie call lightyear Woody: Uhhhhhh...... *Buzz smash woody with her leg because he a human*
I hope we gonna see a Star wars reference again 🤣
How i wish even slightess chance that he eventually went to different dimension and became an action figure that alive
best trailer of them all. this song is crazy good
I wonder if all those people came from our planet earth
I still remembered when I found out about it I was surprised, too see someone based on toy story instead of a toy is in a real person and more
Why does he look like one of the paul brothers
Set 144 years in the future from when I was born as a huge animation fan and look forward to seeing this.
we want frozen 3
Or until I know how
Ok cool just upload more light year clips so I know how buzz can defeat zurg
After crying to toy story 4, I'm ready for this move
From the studio that brought to Toy Story the universal of Wall-E the hero of Soul and the director of Coco
It's weird that each successive trailer makes the film look less special and more like a standard Pixar offering.
he has hair💀
Buzz
When will there be light year scenes
This is not a original film.                      This is a spin-off
0:48
Before Wokeness:  Buzz Lightyear With Wokeness:  Buzz WOKEyear
This trailer makes the movie seem really beautiful, majestic, and just overall different from everything we’ve seen. But the newer trailers makes it seem more just funny and stuff, which kinda disappointed me.
It s just my feelings going crazy when I see this trailer? ...😊
Looks like danse finally getting that dlc
Do a woody The sheriff
2,000 goosebumbs
That robot cat toy thing looks so out of place.
Should be called WOKEyear
No.
Apparently this is the only trailer not market for kids
Cat lands on its feet always
so....woody was wrong???!!
Thank god TIm Allen is NOT  voicing!!! He used to be funny in the 90's! Now, he is just a sad, sad, conservative!!!
Let me guess. After that, they made a toy out of him😏
WHATS THAT SONG
He is a toy
My family ask me why going to watch this movie if is for kids. Me: No, is a representation of my childhood years later.
Oh, man  . . .  where to begin with this  . . .  this  . . .  this is the best that Pixar can come up with  . . .  with the Buzz Lightyear character  ?  ?  ?  🙄🙄
7 months of waiting nearly at an end!
1:06 and 1:10 are the most enjoyable parts of the trailer
It’s so cool that Pixar made a movie about Mrs. Nesbitt
Starman?? You guys are geniuses
to date, the only good movie that pixar has released since its formation is “ a bugs life “....lets see if lightyear can change that
There's a Starman waiting in the sky... ♥️
I'm excited for Disney Pixar Lightyear on June 17th (2022).
💎💎💎🇺🇲🌐🧡🌐🇨🇱💎💎💎
We need autobots 🤪🤪🤪naw I'm just playing but it would be nice 4 them to show up
There's a starman waiting in the sky let the children use it let all the children boogie!  YAY I SUNG IT!
Whoa! Are You Serious?!
where can i find this exact version of the song
Ya quiero verlo, dios que hype
Can’t wait for the China edit 🤗🤗🤗
FINALLY BUZZ HAS HIS OWN FILM CAN'T WAIT TO SEE IT WILL NOT MISS THIS MOVIE AND I'M 62 YEARS OLD BUT STILL A KID AT HEART!!! 😎👍
1:22
Can't wait for the comments to be disabled for this trailer as well
It's real! 😎
Starman is one of my all time favorite songs and it fits perfectly for this movie trailer
Luce espectacular
His voice sucks.  Don't sound right.
I bet Disney be like:lats sell a robot cat for $30!!
Woody: Hey buzz look an alien Buzz: Oh Woody you can’t get me with that joke twice  Alien: right behind Buzz
I have avoided the other trailers so far, I wanna see this movie as blindly as possible    edit: seen the movie, and it was a movie :|
The Starman soundtrack is so on point
Sox is so cute! 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Imagine lightyear lost in the multiverse
There should be a Pride movie about Woody as well who would play Woody instead of Tom Hanks
David Bowie must be very proud of this
Lightyear and Reach for the sky
This will be crazy
I like this song and this cat very imagine robot Siri
Is the the start of the Toy Story cinematic universe?
Apple needs to release a lot of soundtracks.  Also suspicion's OP.
*THE WORLD'S GREATEST TOY IS NOW THE WORLD'S GREATEST SUPERHERO!!!*
buzz light year has is own film now
I can’t. As somebody who grew up with toy story it’s just, wow.
From the studio that brought you toy story a bugs life toy story 2 monsters inc finding Nemo the incredibles cars rattyetoie WALL·E up toy story 3 cars 2 brave monsters university inside out the good dinosaur finding dory cars 3 coco the incredibles 2 toy story 4 onward soul Luca and turning red
I'm angry the new trailer revealed this was all a lie, just a dumb Gen Z comedy instead of an actual Pixar scifi adventure.
Khalid1982 😍 😍 😍
Imagine you live through all those adventures and then you wake up standing on a giant bed with a paper replica of your ship next to you and you're greeted by *checks notes* a cowboy, a dinosaur and a talking potato who all talk to you like you're supposed to be a toy.  I mean, imagine
bueno yo quiero ver esta pelicula aunque ya sea un señor de 28 años
LOOK AT ALL THAT DIVERSITY!! WOOO!!!! Can't wait for any and all forced LGBT+ narrative on the audience! Woohoo I'm so pumped!! 🎉
I have not seen this movie and I already look forward to Woody's Roundup.
"To infinity?" "And--"   BEYOND. Just say it!
Pixar I want you to make cars 4 this year I am excited for that movie please release it this year
Can’t wait to take my son, I love being a young father, 21 with a 2 year old, and man he’s amazing love watching movies with him
ухахахахахаха, терпилы тупо терпят добавление черного перса для галочки. как там баклажаны еще не взбунтовались? уаххааах
Woody: YOU ARE A TOYYYYYYY Buzz: *explaining his entire lore*
Disney' dying lol
They turned off the comments on all their other videos. I wonder why.
I'm curious now about a Woody western movie.
From Captain America to Buzz Lightyear.
This one's gotta have columbine reference in it or I'm not watching
Joe from family guys
Hmm, seems interesting!
so dose Mr. Potato head get a movie then as well???
From the “wise” words of Woody:  “YOU ARE A TOY!!”
HANDS DOWN, the BEST Pixar trailer for a movie EVER.  The attention to detail like the crystallic fusion drive, the smoke behind the ship on lauch, the FEELINGS exuded by the characters faces.  Dont even get me started on the MUSIC!!!!  This David Bowie song overlaid by cinematic score was the PERFECT song to give me goosebumps and nearly bring tears to my eye.  The excitement for this movie is just on a completely different level.
1:20 half life
Atleast we should had a western astronaut looking at the 2nd trailer it looks somewhat simple but amazing cinematography
That song better come out in one of the epic scenes not just on trailer.
The best trailer of the year
I swear, I got GOOSEBUMPS when I heard the 'Starman' remix!
beboop-beboop
Why wouldn't they get Tim Allen to voice Buzz?
What? How could this be his story, or were the events of the movies all after this supposed terminator esc future? Or is this like a movie that was made in there reality so this is like you making a movie in a movie but animated? Looks great but you messed up real bad.
Man i hope pixar makes woodie a movie
Chris evans is back 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Y'all may agree with me when I say this: whenever he's not wearing a Snoopy cap (which is what astronauts wear on their heads that covers their hair and ears), the human Buzz Lightyear looks like Mr. Incredible from The Incredibles, but without the raccoon mask, which is another Pixar movie.
One of Pixar's finest trailers as of late. I love that this one seems geared for an older audience, who's nostalgic for the Toy Story Buzz Lightyear. The trailer feels so emotional and exciting. It really sets a beautiful and intriguing tone for the movie without revealing much. I really dislike Pixar's recent trailers because they seem to be overly childish and very misleading. After seeing Coco's trailer, I thought the movie would be very goofy and subpar. But that movie was the COMPLETE opposite - filled with heart and meaning in every scene. Same with Turning Red. Didn't love the trailer, but I just trusted Pixar on that one. Hopefully this trailer raises the bar instead of raising expectations that it can't meet haha. I doubt it'll be the latter but you never know!
Honestly I hated the look of buzz when I first saw him but I’m starting to like it
Finall david bowie's starman is added in this movie
To infinity...and...assemble
Spoiler maybe from toy story 2               Zurge is Buzz's dad right? Another trailer showed Zurge so I'm wondering how that would go or it was just a one off joke from star wars
Like Tom Hanks with Woody, it’s just way too weird to have buzz without Tim Allen.
#toinfinityandbeyond! Also, Woody needs his own movie!
Christians should boycott Disney’s new movie Lightyear. 🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫
Easter eggs Sunshine Star wars First man Blade runner  2001 space odyssey
There's a starman... ❤️🎶
This is going to be my favorite movie by far
Me gusta el trailer de la película es increíble 😃😃
Even in the afterlife AND BEYOND.... David Bowie linking the universe, in space and time ... THE MARTIAN, 2015, used this great and beautiful song.... 0:48...
0:47  0:53  0:58
I love the incorporation of David bowie's "Starman"
I think this may be the best teaser trailer ever made. Starman + violins = perfection.
Will Rex gonna like this movie?
Beyond.
I hope woody is in this
My son absolutely loves Buzz! He loves the whole Toy Story franchise. Everytime I show him this trailer, he can't take his eyes off. What's even more crazy, is that I'll just play the song by David Bowie. And he'll stop what he's doing and take the phone from my hands, cause he thinks I'm watching the trailer lol. And he's not even 2 yet!
Hi internet, please show your magic today, I have made a teaser video of Lightyear with Interstellar version ( @ ). If you support me, I will wish you a long and happy life forever, I hope you like it, thank you and have a nice day
Guess I am the only one who is Not excited about this.....
Opening to Turning Red 2022 DVD
Just a woody and Jessie film and a bo film and we have seen it all
What’s the background songs name
Toy Story 5 is finally here!
So did he hit burn a Witch and she cast a spell that made him a toy?
To infinity and... BEYOND 🙌🏽✨ EPIC 🌠🌟
NO "TO INFINITY AND BEYOND" DISGRACE!
Now the only thing missing is a movie with Woody in the old west and then another where they meet. Kz
That was awesome! Nice work fellas. But just out of curiosity, what's the ship and flightsuit at the beginning based off of? Because I think I'm getting some Star wars/Battlestar Galactica kinda vibe. I've been trying to find the source of those things, but I think I only found out about Buzz's ship. It almost looks like a BSG Viper. I think.
Last December when I was in the movie theater sitting, waiting, and seeing all the trailers for upcoming movies before finally watching Spider-Man: No Way Home, I saw this and was genuinely mind-blown. My only problem is that Tim Allen didn’t voice the title character in this upcoming spin-off. It’s not the same without him. 😭 But other than that, I am actually thrilled to watch this when it’s released in theaters.
Can't wait to watch it😊😃😍🥰
I don't know why but I have a feeling that Zurg is going to be revealed as a female
I have a theory that there will be a lineup of movies showing everyone’s backstories, and when they’re done, Toy Story 5 will be released
Siento muy bonito al ver el tráiler 😞💖
There are some people watching this and don’t know who this is based on
I really like it. I so glad Buzz has his own movie. I hope Woody gets his own movie in the future.
So Lightyear Is Coming Summer in June
If Pixar's gonna make another movie, they'll make a Polynesian-themed movie simply titled, "A Tropical Paradise". The film will star Jason Momoa (Aquaman), Ross Butler (Raya and the Last Dragon), Auli'i Cravalho (Moana), Genesis Rodriguez (Big Hero 6), Jason Scott Lee (Lilo & Stitch), Nicole Schrezinger, Temuera Morrison, Ian McShane, Shaun Parkes, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Alfre Woodard, and Oprah Winfrey. It'll be written and directed by James Ford Murphy, the writer and director of the short film musical Lava.
Buzz comes across as an absolute Chad here. Well done Pixar.
Chris evans 2015: Avengers A...... Chris evans 2022: To Infinity and......
Buzz finally became a real space ranger and not a toy.
Buzz Buzz Buzz  Lightyear to the Rescue!
I grew up with toy story and had a costume of buzz. It's crazy how studios still make movies for the same audience, no matter how we age.
MY FRIEND JUST TOLD ME THAT THE CAT SOUNDED LIKE WOODY THAT MESSED ME UP SO BAD
finally he can fly
0:47
If they don't add the song Blast off By Silk Sonic somewhere in the movie imma be disappointed
Looks awsome
This is a pretty rated movie, now since it has some inappropriate scenes for young children.
Boycott!!
I just love when my childhood comes into my present
Love this. Also makes me want a woody the cowboy movie next.
Who else is getting nostalgic vibes off of this preview teaser?
sci fi is soo beautiful
I AM SO LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS MAN!!
To infinity!
get me goosebumps at the end. Truly amazing!
Hey, guys, look! It's the _REAL_ Buzz Lightyear!
TOOOOO INFINITY AND BEYOND.....  BECAUSE THERES SO MANY MORE STORIES YET TO BE TOLD OUT THERE.
As a 90's kid, I was very emotionally touched by this trailer... for a moment I was a litle boy again
Came here to see if there would be "to infinity and beyond" I wasn't disappointed
Maybe, Buzz is the Starman all along
Starman, thanks Pixar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
6 months later ans m still crying tears of nostalgia, thanks pixar
this soooooooooooooooo cool
after this they might make a woody version
The Metroid dread movie looks good
Disney ruined a Pixar classic to please the Woke 2%.   Ugh!
Bringing back every loved character. you people have lived many years with wealth but that is not enough.I am not suprised but this trailer almost tricked me then I saw what they saw.
The entire launch sequence is Pixar flexing its biggest muscles yet.
WoW 🤩  When is this coming out until? ✨🌟😜😻
STARRRRMMMMAAAAAAAAANNNNN
@Pixar c-can buzz lightyear and mira nova smash? no? thought so
No way the doom slayer is actually buzzlightyear
I wish Tim Allen was back to play buzz 😩
Couldn't comment on the other trailer, but i can't wait to watch this! this movie looks beautiful, and im so proud of how far we've come in animation
I’m getting the same feeling I got when Woody climbed up onto Andy’s bed that day.. to Infinity, and Beyond.
Could this be?
I love how dark and unsaturated the colors are in this trailer. It looks like despite the main character being Buzz that this animated movie may be more directed towards adults (kinda like soul). Not that it won’t be a family friendly movie but that it will have more adult themes. Plus when I think of space I think of curiosity and wonder but I also think of dread and loneliness so I wonder what topics they’ll hit in this movie.
how many woke scenes will disney insert into the movie to placate their staff
.... beyond
ya, never purchasing another Disney product again.
"You don't come back from infinity Andy"
Is it just me or do Commander Burnside and Lieutenant Destin Mattias look the same...🤔🤔
To Infinity and....Beyond!!!!!!
Stop trying to indoctrinate children!
İ just wanna say the backplain music is starman and it is so good.
This teaser is just soooo much better than the official trailer
I can't wait for this!
Lightyear | Official Teaser Trailer
#DONTWATCHLIGHTYEAR
After this please make a cars 4
Unfortunately we have Disney destroying a classic. Another “woke” politically charged movie.
And Tim Allen isn't the voice actor why? Because of some tweets?
1:30 YOU DIDN’T FINISH!!
Creating a Buzz Lightyear movie and not having Tim Allen play the character is WRONG!  Just like CANCELING someone because they don’t share the same political agenda you do is WRONG!  Get it together #Google #YouTube #Disney #Pixar!  EVERYONE IS ENTITLED TO THEIR OWN OPINION, BELIEFS AND THOUGHTS!  We in the USA have rights and FREE SPEECH is part of those rights!  Cowards conform with what’s comfortable with them… Hero’s do what’s right and what’s best for EVERYONE!
We finally got a dope Pixar movie
Who else said beyond at the end?
I just hope that this exact version of "Starman" will be on the official Soundtrack.  Incredibly good trailer!
Hope this movie flops harder then the last 2 marvel movies. Pixar and Disney need to stop shoving there alphabet gang propaganda down the throats of kids and making there parents forced to watch and have to explain some thing that should only be a subject for adults in the first place
*Why are the comments turned off in the new trailer?*
Omg de music 👌👌👌👌
0:48 what’s the name to this song?
Woody: you a toy you can’t fly  Light year: can
I feel David Bowie made this classic Starman, so that it would clatalyst the vibe of this trailer.
I want this movie to capture the lyrical solitude of this trailer.
0:52 first time I saw his hair😍
THERES A STAR WAITING IN THE SKY.... GO GET EM BUZZ... CANT WAIT ..👍👍👍👍👍👁
This is such a beautiful teaser.  Eben months later it can make me cry.
i really hope that it isn’t one of those stupid disney+ only movies
Imagine if woody as a real person and Buzz meets him on his planet
i hope that jessie is in the movie too
Wahou, seems like a movie and a video game at the same time, I can't wait to watch it, it looks amazing 🌟🌟🌟
I’ve been waiting for this my whole life
I have to watch this
Okay but we need a movie for Woody too
Yea I like the buzz light year from toy story then this
Mehh.....
The next Pixar movie is gonna be broke back woody "there's a snake in my......boooot" 😆
do we think he'll meet the Pizza Planet aliens? Or maybe pass by or LAND ON PIZZA PLANET!?!?!?!?!?!?!? That would be so cool.
love how the full trailer has comments shut off wonder why guess disney really hates money
Fancy threatening to walk because your  sexual desires were cut from a kids film.
Toys
This looks like a video game ngl
ok groomer
Otra genialidad de Disney dónde promueve ideología para tus hijos ojalá que sus acciones sigan cayendo
Disney/Pixar = groomers
This is a perfect trailer in my opinion!
I like how he starts out with a good looking suit just to end up in the og cringy colored garb.
Seeing this in theaters gave me chills every single time.
Чем-то на Гагарина похож
Lightyear looks like Samurai Jack
Can some tell the song name
Forced diversity injected into every possible frame.
Beware to parents: this movie has two male astronauts kissing. Just confirmed
Apparently there was supposed to be a scene with Buzz kissing another male but the production team was like “No, we’re Pixar not DC Universe,”
Is it set in Africa..?
LGBT promotion agenda.  Will not be seen by my kids.
What happen to Tim Allen? Politics wins out again. Just be honest Disney you replaced Tim Allen because of his support of Donald trump.. People Supported Biden and. Look what’s happening with our Country. iHope the same doesn’t happen with your recent chapter of this toy story. Never let politics interfere with A good thing. Tim Allen is Buzz!!!
Finally Buzz light-years own movie! Let's go baby!!😃
Disney’s playing with fire and they’re not gonna get a penny from me.
❤️
This is the closest we will get to a Halo Movie
I have a prediction for the end of the movie I think that the end of the movie it’s gonna have Andy playing with all of his toys boom mic drop
I can already tell it’s gonna be 100x better than toy story 4
this is Pixar’s redemption trailer
Thank you 🙏🏻 disney for producing movies for every generation, and making memories, for all of us 😊
Imagine having to come to terms this isn't real
i recognised chris evans by him saying “and”…. this is a bit of an unhealthy addiction
25 years I've been waiting for this.
This does not look epic at all. What happened to Tim Allen?
There’s a starrrrrrmaaaaaaan 💫
Come on Pixar. Make this G or PG with safe content so I can bring my kids. You’ll get more ticket sales this way!!!
Can’t wait for the Ihu variant to make this a Disney+ exclusive -_-
HE IS A TOY !
0:58 1:03 0:53
Is it just me, or does Chris Evans sound likes he’s impersonating the Patrick Warburton voice from the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command tv show?
I wouldn't mind a 'Marvel In Reverse' structure for future Toy Story films. They've done four movies with the whole team of toys, and maybe now they do origin stories for each toy?
0:56 dagobah?
Do you think this movie Will ne masterpieace of masterpieaces, another words number 1 pixar movie of all time?
Curious.  Why are the comments disabled on the newer trailer?
I want something like that, just about Cowboy Woody.
Isn't this just an advert for a movie which itself is an advert in the Toy Story universe to sell more Buzz Lightyear toys which in turn will lead to more Buzz Lightyear toy sales in our universe?
Next movie should be called:  “Woody’s Roundup” starring Robert Downey Jr. as Woody
PIXAR GOT 6.66M SUBS
Can’t wait for Astartes 3
So cool it looks like buzz from toy story
anyone else think John should be the star of his own pixar movie? and I think he should voice lightyear!
While it stinks that Tim Allen isn’t Buzz Lightyear in this, but I do hope he gets a role in this movie, probably a background character with limited dialogue, but I’ll still be happy.
That's what I would expect from a buzz lightyear commerical
To infinity... and summer 2022.
Should have used his voice from toy story ..... But I will let it slide ig ......
This is literally the only movie trailer besides Marvel movies that I'm hyped for in my entire life, probably becouse I'm a fan of Sci fi but either way I can't wait for it
I’ve never seen “The” Buzz Lightyear like you never seen him before. Getting the hype up. But it’s “Buzz Lightyear”. Watched all the 3 Toy Story movies growing up in my childhood. I saw the 4th fourth one Toy Story 4, it wasn’t that bad. A reboot of the Toy Story Universe.
😢 yes
If your gonna do a woody with buzz movie, make buzz go back in time to the cowboy time, then buzz lightyear meets woody the sheriff
I love how Pixar loves Toy Story soo much the make more movies and shorts
To infinity and beyond 🐝💡🧧
This will be a masterpiece :)
There’s gonna be so many doom fans when this hits theaters
Lowballing the distance and speed, and assuming that the planet Buzz is launching the rocket from to the star is similar to earth and its own sun, he's likely traveling at speeds of 2.9 billion miles per hour :O
So excited that I'm shaking.
gives me chills every time
I lost all interest the exact moment Buzz spoke without Tim Allen's voice.
gotta be the best graduation gift i could have asked for :,)
0:56 you're telling me that ain't mean to be a reference to Luke's x-wing on degobah?
0:48 what’s that song?
You know its a good trailer when it gives you _chills!_ I feel like watching this on anything else other than the movie theater would give this a great disservice.
I’ve waited 27 years for this! 😁
okaay i smell pixar theory
Marte, un desastre, un descubrimiento que puede ser malo,una armadura y un escuadron obviamente esta pelicula es obvio que es DOOM
Infinity and beyond sisters
I really hope they pull an Avengers  Since Chris Evans is going to be buzz lightyear and I hope that buzz lightyear will try to say infinity and beyond but every time he tries to say he gets cut off and he only says it until the end of the movie
Hey buzz! You’re flying!
To infinity and…
I’m excited for this film, Toy Story was my childhood and I love buzz so I want to see this with my family.
Buz man go buur
The cat there kinda reminds me of Goose
Bro this just looks next level, like insanely good.
i completed the last term , BEYOND
Giving me Green Lantern vibes. If it does well I want crossover fanart right away.
What a great use of Starman.
Space oddity would have been a good song for it too I feel like.
Buzz: I wouldn't have done it any Better myself.  June 17, 2022  Woody: I SAW THAT!!!
1:06
New Disney Pixar movie
Ok but Bowie ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You can tell the makers were influenced by films like 'The Right Stuff'! The scene from 0:35 - 0:50 is just epic tribute to the original space program test pilots! I can't wait for this to be released
If Woody's spin-off is produced, I hope the title will be "Roundup"!!!
Yo
Now all we need is a movie called "Sheriff" for Woody's backstory.
e
I really hope this version of Starman gets a full release without the sfx
Can’t wait for the movie!!! Buzz if one of my favs!!!
It doesn’t matter if they do, but they should have zurg in this movie
buzz was always my fav
this trailer is better than the official
To Infinity and beyond
actual chills when starman started playing
great! now we need the skinny cowboy one
ok next do
I guess this is gonna be a birthday present for LightYear is kinda gonna be a present
So glad we got to see Zerg you know I've been thinking if he's not busy you might get him and do a device for sure Mark Hamill he's really good with that deep voice in case that does not work and Marcus AKA The undertaker cuz he really does that deep voice so it's the two guys and everything just retired you might get him if he's not busy might get him LG decide
WAIT WAS THAT KEPLER-22B!?!?
I knew there will be a meme made about it
Pixar u should uplod this full movie in YouTube
This is so cool!! I can’t wait!!!!
0:47
Guys don’t search up the producer of this movie and look at the last name.. Worst mistake of my life
Ok Pixar you've got me interested finally! This seems like they're not just doing kids movies anymore. The animation is absolutely beautiful
This robot foorsteps sounds.....
The exact direction the franchise needs to take.
POV: your playing kerbal space program
I am just so excited for this
Well it looks like we found the winner of the best animated movie of 2022
this is like toy story that
Thank you Pixar, and thank you David Bowie...
Please eat my money
Can't wait for this amazing movie
I’m sure they’ll respect the origins of one of their most iconic and beloved characters, right? Haha yeah I’m sure… right guys? Yeah. I’m certain. Disney doesn’t ever botch spin offs or anything! Haha. Yeah.
Hopefully this trailer shows us how awesome the movie will be.
Lightyear (2022) weby.netizenn.one    los  mortales abian apreciado tan hermosa mujer  .  Tu..belleza.viaja.al.universo.se.reune.con.estrellas. y.luceros...tu.mirada.enamora.al.sol.....tu.hermosura.quedara.por..una.eternidad. en .los.corazonede. tus.admiradores......feliz Navidad.y.noche.buena....mis. respeto .para.todas.las.mujes.del.mundo...saludos..al.fin.del.mundo
I realised while watching that that apparently I subconsciously thought Buzz wasn't human... Seeing other humans startled me, then I realised it was because I didn't considered him human! XD
The teaser is giving more goosebumps than the trailer
I was so hyped when Pixar posted this
Pixar's animations are by far the most complex and realistic graphics i ever seen in my life, i mean this graphics itself have more than 1000+ controls over a main actor itself. It could take an year or more to create complex animation like this.
Hotel Transylvania 4
When they touch fingers at eachother I thought they were gonna say beyond and I realize something was wrong for a moment
buzz astral!!??
To infinity and beyond!
:)
Buzz? So, Boney send him to Infinity
Yes
So is “the good dinosaur” movie Rex’s story? 😂
Is that Eos? Is that element zero?? Is that a 4-eyed Angaran helmet???
plot twist: its the the kid's imagination
COMING IN 2025 THE UNPEELED TRUTH *POTATO HEAD*
Херота бездушная, не нужно было продаваться поганому Диснею.
What's the name of the some or is it new
The lack of Tim Allen is EXTREMELY palpable.
NOBLE Team head up the beach, get to the Sabre
🚀👨🏼‍🚀🌑Go🟢⚪️
Now all we need is a Jurassic that explains Rex's backstory
Chills. Down. My. Spine. 😳
One day, Disney will be the new roman empire, dark times indeed
Thoerists be like: Did you know that lightyear and toys story 1,2,3, and 4 are connected
da smoke look way too real
just realized this is literally starman…. David bowie….. Cryin….
Andy saw this and never stop bothering his parents.
0:48
0:47
I was tearing up after being surprised by this trailer in theaters. Blast from the past kind of thing.
You wanna piece of Me, boy? Armed and ready! Outstanding! Boo yah! Ah,yeah! (Stimpack)
The song... it´s just perfect...
Who did the remix of Bowie's 'Starman'
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Fate cambiare il doppiatore italiano!
If at some point in the movie he doesn't say the quote "Not today Zurg!" I will be very disappointed lol
to infinity and beyond !
wow!! i cant wait to watch thiss
To infinity and beyond!!
AMAZING JOB TO THE ANIMATORS, STORYBOARD ARTISTS, LIGHTING DEPARTMENT, AND ETC FOR BRINGING THE MAGIC TO LIFE!!!!!!!
This looks awesome!
Adding a David Bowie song is simply epic
Toy Story got Home Improvement guy as the voice, Lightyear has Captain America / The Human Torch as the voice👍
I hope they make a cowboy movie called "Woody" where it's the actual story of the woody character and not the toy.
this looks so painfully pixar-ish haha I must see it
chills.
Can we get a Woody's Roundup film?
I hope this doesn't retcon Buzz Lightyear of Star Command. Though this seems like his early beginnings before he became a hero, so it probably won't.
0:57 x-wing on Dagobah
Pixar has done it again, another successful film
Tim Allen is the only buzz lightyear and he is still alive.  This movie doesn't need to be made
Here i am crying again :')
I have a pretty good theory for the ending: Buzz goes on a trip for another mission and gets lost and ends up at Andy’s bedroom from Toystory 1
I don't get it, he's a toy so his origin story should start at a plastic toy manufacturing site in China.  What is this?
Why did they need to make this the thing Buzz Lightyear was a toy of? What's wrong with Buzz Lightyear of Star Command?
I hope we get a woody series.
I don't know why...but I really want to see this.
The graphics, the music (which just gives me goosebumps), what a masterpiece...
"अनंत से भी आगे....."
Song
Good luck captain
I need this starman remix.
I hope they end the movie with a Buzz Lightyear toy advertiment . 👍🏼
we need a full version of Woody's roundup now, either just the original show reanimated or an in-universe reboot (or even a movie, maybe?)
"YOU ARE A TOY!" -  a sad strange little man
0:57 reminds me a lot of Starwars when Luke was stuck on the Yoda planet.
I remember the original animated series from when I was a kid it brings both joy in the starter to me as well as some conflicting emotions that they resurrecting in the show in new form.
Lets be real. Starman by Bowie carries atleast 55%of this trailer.
I hope to see some of the characters from the animated tv series and hopefully they make a movie about Woody.
How this is considered cannon is beyond me.
For those who know Buzz lightyear had a standalone animation show name Buzz Lightyear of the Star Command around early 2000s which came after first Toy Story movie . I think the movie will cover that storyline but its more refreshing because they gave him a origin story too. This looks so great.
So are we getting Booster and XR
Well I guess it’s ok as it’s a younger version of Buzz but I definitely feel like Tim Allen should have stayed with the voice of Buzz.   Of course he is getting old but oh well let’s just hope this new actor is just as good.
1:29 BEYOND
Toy story: Brother Hood of steel
In theaters right Disney?... Can I at least see this Pixar movie in theaters and not straight to streaming?
1:27 “To infinity and…” I still get chills hearing this line
This video gives me big Walle vibes
I'm 99% sure I'm wrong but I have a feeling after watching this teaser, buzz is gonna be left behind as the commander calls everyone back. And he needs to make it back but needs to escape from zurg, so the commander covers his lack of support by letting the people know that he was a hero which is why they made the toy to honor him. Again I'm sure I'm 99% sure I'm wrong
Annant sae bhi Aage!!
I hate it
Pixar is the only thing keep Disney afloat when it comes to quality and movies people actually want to see.
It looks good and I love Chris Evans but I wish Tim Allen was doing the voice just cause I mean come on it’s buzz
The feeling I'm having right now is indescribable, please don't let me down, I'm begging you.
To all you fine folks at Pixar I cannot wait to see this final product, but do not rush it. You are building a masterpiece
As much as I like Chris Evans I cannot and will not watch anyone but Tim Allen play Buzz. Sorry Chris... Im sure you did great.
that's great! now give us the cowboy movie
Imagine the end of this movie is another Andy's imaginations on playing the toys.   Such a good theory
I'm gonna start crying brb this movie looks so good
This Resolution Fits in my ultrawide monitor :D
0:56 calling it now, that red robot thing is going to sacrifices its self to save buzz
So perfect that David bowie is playing in the background 😊
Can Woody get a movie too ?
I'm trying to imagine how this fits into the Toy story timeline, since the Buz lightyear toy is presumably based in this characters story. Do the events of this film take place in the real world before we even began constructing the space station, or was there a Buz lightyear show in the late 80's or early 90's that featured a black female space ranger and only one white guy?
it's ight
where is woody?
to infinity and beyond
Yes! Oh god yes!
the whole in-universe thing really disappoints me tbh  buzz was never a sleek multimillion dollar cgi action mega blockbuster. he was just the latest toy on store shelves that all the kids wanted because (get this) his wrist *lights up* and he has articulatable joints! And wings that pop out with the press of a button!   that's the kind of era buzz belonged to. as amazing as this movie looks and as cool as this buzz is, he's not the buzz that _Andy_ fell in love with and I really wish pixar would recognize that and just let the two be their own things.
That's Space Ranger to you!
A test pilot who became the coolest as the Galaxy defender of the Galactic alliance who knows what great evil come to hold a grudge to the alliance.
I like robo-cat 1:13
Using David Bowie's starman was an excellent touch
The official trailer is out now
im so wishing theres gonna be woody in one of the post credits scenes!!
One of the greatest teasers I’ve ever seen
I love Chris Evans (I'm in a Captain America t shirt as I post this)but Tim Allen isn't doing Buzz's voice? What gives?
The full title should be "Lightyear: A Toy Story"
Most epic teaser animation ever made!
When action figures become a movie?  I think they did this backwards
Ready for this movie!
This just ruined my childhood. They said to infinity and… but never finished the sentence.
Where's Tim Allen??? Fail Disney!
BatChest CHILLS
yooo, the next Halo game looks sooooo good
Epic isnt it?
new lore for buzz lightyear i love it
I wish Chris Pratt was voicing Buzz
@Pixar you are legends
THEY DIDN'T!! They actually made the movie that the Buzz Lightyear action figure was based on in the Toy Story universe!?!? Thats actually pretty cool!
OKAY HOW DID I GO THIS LONG WITHOUT FINDING THIS
It would be awesome if Woody made a cameo it can happen several ways but I think a funny to go about it would be to have Woody be an actor who still Western at heart and he believes that buzz is also an actor But unlike in toy story where woody was correct and they were both toys this time buzz would be correct so I'd be a funny little brief reversal
hopefully this introduces a whole new generation to bowie
I am so excited
Beautiful just beautiful ❤️
lol they made woody a cat but brings joy to my heart buzzz got to take a friend on this big trip with him due to him having so many from his old cartoon space days to his toy days past and now he got this EPIC!
Pixar just straight up took a toy character, and decided to make him real in an entire movie about him. Oh my god.
Pixar, please please please PUHLEEEZ use Mira, Booster, and XR in the sequel. This has potential to rope in the whole Star Command universe, and you’d make lots of Buzz Lightyear fans happy. It’s fine if you retcon the team’s origin, but at least use the characters in a positive capacity.
The  new trailer looks great but I was blown away by the Teaser. I had to come back to rewatch and yup, IMO this is an amazing trailer and lightyears beyond the new trailer :)
Can't wait 🔥🔥🔥♥️🙌🏻
Nostalgia is a crazy thing, grew up watching toy story and now seeing this. I can’t help but just grin from ear to ear.
everyone has a normal chin except him
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Why No tim allen
I can tell this movie's going to be good but I also hope that Buzz Lightyear does not get shown up by the opposite gender, trailers have a habit of being deceiving
Every frame is a masterpiece.
I keep coming here for the epic soundtrack
This looks great!
Already there
But where: "To Infinity and beyond!!"
I really missed this type of feeling the Pixar films gives me. (Like when Toy Story and Wall- E) and its really epic feeling it after so many years :')
Imagine a Post Credit Scene where Buzz Crash Lands on Earth and Sherrif Woody (voiced by Robert Downey Jr. ) Finds him 🤯
"Beyond"  If you tell me you didn't say this word in your mind, I'm not gonna believe it.
I’m as hoping they’d keep the original world of star command….
That cat… is a direct nod to alien and I love it
Buzzlighyear lore be looking awesome.
Movie looks good but I dont understand how this ties into toy story, weren't they just toys? Hows buzz a real person? Lolz
voiced by Chris Pratt right?
Must watch!!!
I ain't watching it if the little green men don't feature in this movie.
idk why but this trailer remind me of buzz and woody together
Bet this was either Andy's or the other girl's imagination when they would play with buzz
Buzz l'éclaire letssssss gooooooo
captain lightyear
Lightyear | Official Trailer
While the movie looks good, I really can't help but feel Tim Allen is left out.  Why?  Toy Story 2.  If Tom Hanks can voice Sheriff Woody in "Woody's roundup", why can't Tim Allen voice Buzz Lightyear in "Lightyear"?
wow
My local cinema removed all advertising for this film because they know it will get pulled from cinemas and become a Disney+ exclusive
Bro where is the second trailer jesus
The Cardassian Union approves this trailer 🖖
making space cool again
I can't believe that Chris Evans is buzz LIGHTYEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡
Anyone in 2022
This is the real buzz and original buzz light year that the toy from toy story was inspired or made from because that toy thinks he is the real buzz light year but he was just an action figure of him hahaha
I'm 20, yet I'm actually genuinely excited for this film. Is that bad? Like this looks like a huge step for Pixar making this film.
Who ever made this soundtrack please give him or her a payraise
Is it me or is that scene where he's looking at the window to the base giving of doom 2016 Mars base vibes
My theory is that this movie is about Andy father name Eric who became space ranger by using his nickname Buzz to accomplish his dream as space pilot to protect his pregnant woman Emily and the movie might be tribute to Andy father and Emily husband and  the Jessie doll and buzz light year doll is a tribute to Andy parent’s aka Andy father he never know what you think
to infinity and ……
Bro why does it remind me of the Martian, he even looks like Watney
This really is a wonderful trailer, love the music choice and way it’s presented
I saw this trailer in the theater before Moonfall and I it felt amazing..the song hits different too
This movie is gonna make the scene where Buzz learns he is a toy in the original Toy Story even more sad.  This is basically his head canon
David Bowie’s ‘Starman’. Couldn’t have picked a better song to rendition for this movie, hope it’s part of the film and soundtrack.
David Bowie’s ‘Starman’. Couldn’t have picked a better song to rendition. These are the sort of films Pixar needs to start investing into. My 6-yo son will love it, I know I will and my wife; even my 15-yo son is excited. Looks incredible, can’t wait!
Zombies human dog vuirs real badname
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😄😄😄😄😄😄😄 IT'S GOING TO COME OUT IN THEATERS!!!!! HAAAA YAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYS HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! THIS IS GREAT!!!!!!
0:53
I hope people like this movie or at least are open minded to it
Haha love David Bowie!!!
Confirmed Composer: Michael Giacchino, while we hear his work on "The Batman", Giacchino is coming back to Disney-Pixar once again, to be the selected composer for the soundtrack.
The fact they played Bowie in the trailer alone is enough to make me wanna see this
Okay all hopes for SHERIFF now!!!
This had better be released in theaters and not be a Disney+ exclusive. Mark my words.
IF THIS GETS PULLED FROM CINEMAS AND BECOMES A DISNEY+ EXCLUSIVE WE RIOT
Honestly? I hope there aren't other alien races like in the TV show. It just being humans and robots is a much more interesting take.
Let's see how they diss me this time
My childhood dreams have come true
Looks cool but what's with the music choice for trailers these days?
JDownloader them
Buzz Lightskin
Am I confusing, or buzz-lightear really looks like Tom Cruise?? ✌
This Better NOT Be Moved To Disney+!!!!!!!  Edit: It Wasn’t!!!!!!!
If in the future I'll have kids, I'm gonna show them this first, *then* I'll show them Toy Story. Just feels...appropriate somehow.
Are XR, Mira Nova, and Booster gonna be in this?
to infinity and ur mom
Epic.
1:17 *Z*
what and why
im so happy for chris and i can’t wait to see this movie
Wait but I thought he was a toy-
As exited as I am, this kinda feels like a star mandolorian ripoff
Somebody missed the point.
They definetly need to make this the series based of all the toys one at a time it will be amazing.
At 0:57 idk why but this planet looks like dagobah
Is that Buzz Lightyear?!Omg!But how?How could this happen.......
Insanely good trailer
Any space movie: *exists*  David Bowie: "Bonjour"
Most people who'll watch this are 20s or 30s, just saying...
Captain America is Buzz Lightyear? WOW!
This is so amazing and awesome to see my favorite character in all of toy story get it' s own film is just the best. It gives me goosebumps and excitement to watch this trailer. Pixar I love this universe you made. This may be my favorite pixar film of all time. ⭐🚀
Starman make this movie amazing 😍😍
No Tim Allen.  0/10
why isn't he a toy
I love the unique take. Definitely interested. I was afraid this movie was going to look very "safe" but it seems like it may be so much more than that. Very excited
I wonder if zurgs gonna be in it.
I can't wait to see this movie, amazing animation and amazing idea. The use of David bowie for the sound track is perfection and beautiful. I hope it lives up to my expectations 😁
To think 27 years ago it took all of NASA’s computers to create toy story 1 and now we get too look at animation as great as this
Where is Tim Allen?😔
I want to see this movie.
The hero I never knew I needed.
캬 우주뽕 찬다!
Bro when I tell you my jaw dropped at 0:47
I cannot believe a trailer about this man can make me cry like this
Is this lightyear rated G or rated PG???
I hope that movie will be released on movie theaters if there are no undesirable covid variants, and then will be the third pixar film to face Jurassic franchise, I love Jurassic park franchise and will devour pixar movies.
This movie better have the music from the Buzz Lightyear video game at the beginning of Toy Story 2, which was also in Toy Story 4
Best movie trailer I’ve ever seen
David Bowie Starman  Even makes this better
Nothing is going to beat woody😭
Why do movie characters last name make such good prequel or spin off names like Vader kenobi lightyear McQueen
Pixar, stop milking toy story already!
Pixar universe
Zamn. This looks good.  Now we need a backstory of the green dinosaur toy
This one doesn't literally contain the tender soul of a beautiful middle class child. It will flop.     Flashgitz reference
The thing that makes this trailer great is the epic remake of star man from David Bowe.
This better be released in theaters
😭 Can't believe my idea's bdsn made into a movie
Why Am I crying
Anyone else getting Batman vibes from him at the end when he's staring at his suit? So good.
the lightning effects in this movie looks so good.
Animation is looking madness
this looks amazing
Walt Disney is search of more revenue for our shareholders.
If you told me they were making a, for the lack of a better word, "serious" Buzz Lightyear movie that they were just calling "Lightyear" à la Logan, I would have assumed that it would be an April fool's joke.  Instead, I can't believe it, but I'm actually optimistic.
i can imagine buzz crash landing in andies toybox "ok mission control, status: im in a childs toybox and..... woody: WHO ARE YOU
I am seriously excited to see this movie and i am generally not very interested in movies
The movie I didn't know I needed
Can't wait to watch it later this year !!!
imagine, just imagine, at the end of the movie, the screen goes black and we hear "Mom, can I get one for my birthday?"
My; Templar's Shield (s). I am Defence-King. 🇲🇾郭展群。O; Devastation. Roger Koay Chan Khoon.
Our childhood memories , and still BOOMING 🔥
Wheres woody? :v
Can this trailer get more than 500k likes
I really need to see this movie.
Does this mean he's actually going to have a laser?
YOU ARE A TOOOOYYYYYY!
i want to see it on the summer buzz lightyear
0:58 Reminds me a lot of dagobah. It’s not gonna happen but just imagine luke, r2, han, leia, 3po and all the other members of the original trilogy were here
Ngl this give me Apollo mission launch vibe. And orbit at the sun give me X15 vibe
I can't wait for the rumbling bass because of the sound of that spaceship in the theatre, gonna be such an experience
C'est normal qu'après avoir regardé cette animation j'ai eu des frissons, l'envie de chialer, une impression que toutes mes émotions aller sortir de mon corps ? ^^ Trop hâte...
To Infinity and Beyond!
Now this is the Disney movie i'm hyped for
Most visually pleasing trailer I have seen so far. All the planets and scenery look beautiful so far.
The “TSCU” begins, TOY STORY CINEMATIC UNIVERSE
I am getting ready to watch this movie
The girl’s name is Alicia Hawthorne, the robot teacher is called E.R.I.C., Buzz’s ship’s AI is called I.V.A.N. and the cat’s name is Sox, if anybody was wondering.  Also, apparently Buzz’s blood type is O-Positive.  Finally, Buzz has hair. *What.*  Just little details in the trailer you probably missed.
I’m so excited for this, but I can already tell the “Disney” part added some stupid stuff to it that Pixar wishes they didn’t, however Disney has the money. Along with terrible scripts and storylines 🤣🤣🤣 thank you Pixar for bringing this magic to us and Disney......you get a head nod.
사랑합니다^^
Please woody Origin
reportsd
curt love hacked wils luck luv bl1 lex
1:00 - 1:01 - 1:02 - 1:03
To infinity and Beyond 🤩
I’m glad to see everyone’s so excited for this movie. For me, I just can’t decide how I feel about it, no matter how many times I see the trailer. I guess I’ll just have to decide after watching it
We were promised more original films after Toy Story 4. Excuse me, the only theatrical Pixar film since the "end" of the Pixar sequel decade was Onward. Doesn't sound like more original films to me.
Oh boy, hopefully they make a joke about an Alien like in the first toy story
Just let things rest not everything needs more movies.
That’s why his hand is pointing?! 👈
Guys, Zurg is most definitely gonna be in this. Not every teaser has to reveal all of their movie's exciting appearances.
1:18 Zurg confirmed
This Song!!!
BIG THANKS for the absence of black bars!!! 🥰
Legends know that the background music is from the Simpsons Elon Musk episode
Waiting!
Woody you are a toy Buzz I was real once
I don’t know how I feel about Chris Evan’s voicing it. Tim Allen is who we all came to love when he voiced Buzz Lightyear🥺💔
Theory: This is in the Wall-E universe
I’m honestly really excited
whaaaat i didn't even know this existed
We need Woody back story too
Buzz
He's more than just a toy....he's a Space Ranger!
haha i miss buzz light year i use to play his game on the playstation 1 good times
Toy Story 5 (2022)....
Reminds me of toys story
This looks really good
I like this a lot. Mostly because there's an orange cat
That guy at 1:02 looks like combat Carl from toy story of terror
I haven’t been this excited for a Pixar movie in awhile
Great, but where's Tim Allen??
Turning red Very soon it will be on the Disney plus platform Lightyear's movie deserves to be in theaters, not on streaming television
Bruh this is toy story 4.5
Why does this actually look so cool?
Nope. The trailer doesn't even make sense how that's even a back story to toy story. Dont like it. Nope. Not the same. Not gonna work.
Will lightyear stick to canon because if so I cant wait to see ZURGE turn to the good side to save his son buzz😎
Reminds me of KSP2 Trailer for some reason
It's always summer in Malaysia, Pixar.
Beyond.........
I hope this has a happy ending🥲
Toy story RTX ON
Toy Story Spin Off
From The Creators Of Turning Red
There’s a starman waiting in the sky…
Imagine if Robert Downey jr gets cast in a woody backstory
Space is to humans as river is to salmon. Something in us wants to go out there. If not, I wouldn't get all weepy-eyed. Buzz Lightyear? Pfft. This is a CGI cartoon about a toy, for Chrissakes. But something in me yearns.
Glorious.
Only thing I'm disappointed by in this trailer, is a lack of ZURG
Looking forward to seeing this!!!
This looks amazing, I cannot wait, though I wish they kept Tim Allen as the voice of Buzz.
존나 시발 기대가 된다. 이것 때문에 미쳐 돌아가시겠다.
Ok, time for the second trailer.
I found an easter egg already 0:29 beside the launch pad that giant ship right there is the TITAN A.E from another 2000 movie by Disney I think
Honestly looks kinda good ngl, I thought “oh god another pointless backstory movie” but I’m pleasantly surprised
I did want to hear Tim Allen though, I will say it—that’s the only thing they missed out on.
Encanto Rumble  Spider man no way home Bad Guy
Star man is my fav song now
The song choice and design for this trailer was phenomenal, they used David Bowie’s “Starman” but added some extra music on top of it to give it a slightly different feel.
Maybe their next move is giving all the characters their own backstory movie, possibly grouping similar toys like Woody, Jessie, and Bullseye and making a full movie based off of the Woody’s roundup show for that group in particular.
im assuming the full trailer wont be here till march/april???
Will "Lightyear" be rated PG or PG-13?
I’m watching this everyday counting the days 😭
loved the music
…Beyond
I like David Bowie Singing he was legend
Can u do a Woody  please when th slight year film comes out
unreal im crying just watching this to infinity and beyond!
I can’t wait to watch this!
*Sheds Tear*
As a person who loves and is infatuated with anything extraterrestrial and who loves buzz I dont need to take any of my 3 children to go see this amazing movie with me
I bet Zurg will be epic in this film.
While we get the coverage of the marketing origins of Buzz, will we get the conclusion of Woodys Roundup?
*That was actually pretty good.*
Iam afraid that buzz it andy's father, since his father never show up in any toy story movie
Hey guys look, it's the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
I don’t care if this movie is successful or not I’m gonna love it and I hope we get a new trailer soon
help why do i have a crush on buzz now
Rename it to HALO
If this isn’t in theaters I will riot
Sponsored by Lightyear tires
Wonder if buzz is going to have more than 5 minutes of screen time cause it looks like black mary sue is going to be the real main character
Like Luxo Jnr, I’m jumping 🆙 and down on my star ball with excitement waiting for this. I LOVE you Pixar!
Pixar please make Woody's Round Up 😆
Too bad they blacklisted Tim Allen and cast someone else to do the voice
Now, Woody can no more tell him that he's a toy.
Looking at this trailer, it seems that the characters in this movie are aware of the time dialation that occurs when someone reaches the speed of light. Very interesting...
0:34 Luxo jr. is there
Every movie Disney and Pixar has ever made has led to this moment. Now what it's 2022, I can't wait to go Infinity and Beyond when Chris Evans voices Buzz Lightyear.
Let’s hope Bob Paycheck doesn’t force this on his diluted tv medium, Disney+
I bet Space Command is going to be the villain in the moive.
This movie will give Pixar fans an amazing challenge to see where it fits in the Pixar Theory, like even I'm interested to see where this backstory would fit lol, also an amazing choice of music for this trailer, this movie could hold up hopes of being good tbh, thanks Pixar
I hope the trailer isn't better than the movie. Kyle Ward Gray.
Beyond
All the kids in the Toy Story world who grew up with Buzz are probably having the same reaction as us.
Need to see emporer zurg 🙌 and the green aliens 😁
Theory! Andy wrote the story for this movie. And he’s planning to make movies based on all his toys and the adventures they went through together! 😎
Genuinely surprised to see a white male lead in 2022. Gives me hope
Since Disney cancelled the theatrical release of "Turning Red" and is gonna put it on Disney+, let's just hope "Lightyear" would make a Pixar comeback on the big screen. I mean, Disney cancelled the theatrical releases of "Soul", "Luca" and "Turning Red" and puts them on Disney+ and i'm not happy. Cruel stupid studio!!! I like Disney whenever I watch the movies on DVD and VHS, but I don't like Disney because of the things they do. What a waste for Disney. Let's have our fingers crossed for "Lightyear" in theaters. 🤞🤞🤞🤞
Hope they don't make it be too fast & looking all over the place like the cartoon series that was on Cinemagic
Meta
Wow. Im mad at myself for just now finding out about this trailer. I can't wait to see it. Not many movies im willing to see in theaters 🤷‍♂️💯 But this looks worth the adventure.
ngl gettin some wandavison vibes from this
Nostalgia after many years and now buzz is back i love he characters
next thing u know buzz and rex are gonna have a fight seen in the movie
Glad to see you buzz
Nice.
One can hope that this visual spectacle will manage to get a theatrical release.
Kids these days will never understand what it was like to literally grow up with the Toy Story franchise. I’m a guy that’s out of college and still and will always enjoy toy story.
Just think, if this movie does well, we could potentially get a Woody-centric movie in future. Perhaps an adaptation of Woody's Roundup, hmm?
So exited
What if Buzz was actually a real space ranger, and he some how managed to get his ship into this kind of reality warping  entity, and then after entering it or being sucked in, it all loops back to Toy Story 1.  Just a thought, but that'd be interesting.
Incredible...soon!
why did you make him a cop
This is definitely gonna be a masterpiece!!!
watching it again, because I can't be patience
Not using Tim Allen for the voice and making sure to CHECK EVERY DIVERSITY BOX.................WOKE SJW disney.
This had better get a theatrical release. It looks to me like they worked really hard on this. Fingers crossed.
boring la borak borak kl saya ni advance
amir halau amir
0:57 i could be wrong, but if you look closely i think one of zurg's robots are in this scene
this blows my mind.
MEME
Who is Buzz Lightyear?  We know of The Space Ranger, the Team Leader, the Toy from Andy’s childhood, the one foretold by Martian myths and legends.  But then who *is* Buzz Lightyear?  Is he the kind of man who dreamed of going to space, to be the first of many to set out and meet other life forms?  Is he a soldier who does what he’s told, but acts out if his heart says otherwise?  Or is he just a man like any other?  These are the questions I have after seeing this.  And I can’t wait to see how Pixar breaks us at an emotional level 😂
Lightyear is going to win Oscars 2023 "Best Animated Feature."
Good animation Pixar. But, the look of buzz has change my opinion of buzz. Like he looks like a lil bit disgusting. I like 2019 buzz lightyear
First time I saw this I thought it was halo
Lightyear coming
2022
Summer 2022
Lightyear
Summer in Theaters june
Lightyear I teaser trailer
I have no problem with Chris Evans voicing Buzz Lightyear but I think Tim Allen would be the incredible voice since he's original
THERE ARE ZURGBOTS HIDDEN
Anyone else watching it over and over again? Can't wait to watch it in theatres!
i hope they don't ruin the movie with political nonsense
it just dosn't feel right seeing him without woody and the gang
Goosebumps at 0:47
So this is what he was thinking about himself in the beginning of Toy Story? And now he's not a real person not a toy? YOU.ARE.A.TOY!
This is written by Pete Doctor. There is no way this will fail.
0:33 you can see Luxo Jr
I feel like at the end of the movie there will be a plot twist that the whole movie was just Andy playing with his toys.
Guilherme Briggs vai brilhar novamente!!! 😍😍😍
To infinity and beyond
unless this makes double the budget, we can safely assume Disney will treat Pixar as straight to home video material on Disney+
...and beyond!
I hoped to hear a little bit of chris evans voicing buzz but only got the word “and” lol
Buzz light year was actually my idol growing up. I know that sounds dumb but as like a 5 year old I loved it. So I’m gonna watch this movie with that kid in mind
Surprisingly good looking
One of the best back story films
From the studio that brought you THE INCREDIBLES, ONWARD, CARS and TURNING RED
😀😃😄😁😆😅🤣😂🙂🙃😋😉😊
I love this type of movies, that "Spaceman" soundtrack gave me Interestellar vibes tho
Yay!!! New movie coming up! At least I should wait for summer :/
NO TIM ALLEN NO BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
Seeing the cat toy in this movie  Seeing the cat in the dc pet movie  😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
To infinity and your mom.
I really can't wait for this masterpiece 💖
Sorry Woody…I’m changing sides again.
The song is like The Martian's song
Just hits different. This is gonna be a mega hit of 2022
This is the only upcoming Pixar movie so far that needs  a theatrical release and they better not release it direct to Disney+!
Is this a toy story spin off
I'm just gonna believe for now until the movie comes out that this is going to be the best movie of 2022. This has been something I've wanted Pixar to do for a long time honestly.
My guess this movie is going to be rated PG-13
Stoke me a Klipper I'll be back for breakfast
This looks fantastic. But the first Toy Story takes place in 1995, and this looks very futuristic? I am just assuming that this is an origin for Buzz though and not a different kind of story
BROOOOOO ITS THAT COMMENTARY YOUTUBER!! DREW IS GETTING HIS OWN PIXAR MOVIE
Hay guys who is with me this is one good rightchus trailer for the one the  only bus light-year 10%10 five stars ***** just somthing to remember
The suit scene destroyed me
milking every bit of magic , the Disney way
okay hear me out…
"To infinity...and"
Lightyear should be a theater release, not pushed behind this year, but should be in the theaters with Disney + free too in 2022!!!
I need Woody's Western own movie
I can hear you Capt
Nooooo they ruined buzzzz
He looks like that buzz from toy story
Starring Bryson DeChambeau!!
Everytime i see this.. I question my present.. song, trailer, it ignites a fire in me 😞.  I know we are all energy.
Can’t believe people want this. Buzz is a toy! And this doesn’t resemble him at all
Surprised they made a solo movie for him rather than Woody.
We all know the bad guy is his father.
This explains Buzz in toy story so well...
This is gonna rock in theaters!
Feels like this movie's gonna have a more serious/realistic tone than Buzz Lightyear did in the Toy Story movies, like at the beginning of Toy Story 2. Interesting.
First Chris Evan played Captain America and now he playing buzz
If this is just the teaser then I can’t wait until the trailer gets posted.
This looks like the makings of a whole new Disney franchise.
Chris evans  voice 😌💥
This is for the fans The ones from Day 1. The ones who joined the party. The next generation of PIXAR awaits . . .
If james earl jones voices zurg that would be perfect
I hope they show this in 3D at the movie theaters!
Omg I love this version of star man. Also this film looks pretty good.
I had litterall chills watching this SO EXCITED
Wonder if Emperor Zurg is gonna be in it.
Is it out yet
no wait Pixar, not another movie that'll make me cry in cinema
lets appreciate all the effort she puts into her videos to make them enjoyable
But isn't Buzz Lightyear a parody of Star Wars? This movie is innecesary
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! THE WORLDS GREATEST TOY, NOW THE WORLDS GREATEST SUPERHERO!
EVIL EMPEROR ZURG ‼️
June?????
Chris Evans really has a knack for not finishing sentences.
! To the infinity and beyond
1:10 that knife cutting sequence could have been put into action waaay better with more climactic movement than how I prepare my vegetable wok.his is a trailer. They should show only the best. Why do I see flaws in the movie already?
So Star Command isn't a thing, clearly, since they haven't reached the stars yet. And even worse you guys want to ignore the clearly superior and highly underrated TV show.
Talk about a impactful trailer, if ever there was one. And I don't even know Lightyear, except that he's a character of TOY STORY.
why no Tim Allen????
love it
u
does this actually retcon Buzz Lightyear of Star Command?  That show was quality, hope this can live up lol
omg!
Crazy seeing this because buzz was one of my first toys as a kids as it’s all my mom could afford
Fun fact, his ship uses Coaxium as fuel and this is from Star Wars
Now he’s a person that can fly! In your face Woody!
Chad
Everything about this is just amazing
Buzz Lightyear is now a black woman because reasons.
My question is, Is it that dart veder rippoff gonna showing again as villains here? And if this movie is the live action ver from that toys , is it possible Toys story would get new adaptation , where the toys meet the actors😂
Watch woody have his own movie
I hope to see some "Falling, with Style" ;)
To infinity and ......         Assemble !
Pixar need to make a Woody movie and then do a crossover with Buzz in the "Toy Story Cinematic Universe"
🥺 this show was bestest show of my childhood 😍❤️ n my life forever 💖
wow why and when
Can't wait to experience this masterpiece in cinema
yeah, not Tim Allen. Proof Disney only care about the $
No Tim Allen?  No thanks.
Buzz lightyear is back
After looking at the movies music department on IMDb, I believe Michael Giacchino is the composer.
Turning Red will warm our hearts. Lightyear will blow our minds.
Let’s see a movie of Woodys Round Up
IMO this is one of the greatest trailers ever
TOY STORY
Buzz lightyear lore
They might as well make a story for Woody at this point lol
I think a Buzz Lightyear space ranger just like a Toy Story.
Captain America is Buzz Lightyear??? Now THERES a plot twist!!
Who seen the WALL·E Easter egg
I am toy story fan and Cant wait to hang out with kids and watch this
To infinity and beyonddd<(￣︶￣)>
I love buzz lightyear sence I was little
this hits so much harder in theaters
im in 2022 so wher is the full move
YES
how am i just now finding out about this
This is the man that the toy is based off of and his prequel how he became Buzz Lightyear 😉
AWESOME, I've been waiting for this animation to Pixar!
I'm calling it we're getting a woody movie next.
I remember when I went to watch spiderman no way home and when the sonic teaser ended this one popped up
One of the Best Trailers I've seen for 2022!
Giancarlo Esposito as zurg is a good idea.
2022 lets gooo
Beyond
If this becomes successful, I think Pixar should do a spinoff to our favorite cowboy: Sheriff Woody Pride!
Looks awesome. Reminds me of Alien/Star Wars but WAY different.
If you are an eagle eye, you’ll catch who this movie is about at the 4 second mark.
We want movie on woody too
I’d like to know why there’s no Tim Allen? Couldn’t be political, could it?! I know Disney went way out there
1:20 the suit reminds me of doom somehow
Not a bad movie
you are a toy
Such a good trailer. Not just good looking, but good in general
This looks sick, but they best put his game song at the start of toy story 2 in this.
To infinity ❤️
Now THAT is what we call a trailer 👏🏻
Therapist: Human Buzz Lightyear isn't real and he can't harm you  Human Buzz Lightyear:
I’m really curious about what possibilities this movie could open up, like if this movie is a success I could see Disney deciding to make a Woody The Cowboy western movie in the future
No Matter how times I watch this trailer every time I just get so excited it looks so good and the song smaks
This feels like the solo movie a little
They should make a movie about how woody was made and how he was giving to andys dad
This film is my most anticipated film of 2022
This was beautiful!
0:56 is that celestial from marvel
I 100% garentee that there's gonna be a guardians of the galaxy or starters reference or character at some point
Can't believe I've been smiling the whole time while watching this entire trailer! The nostalgiaaa!!! 😍
It's 2022 folks... Just 5 more months until this movies release.
I want some Bed… Some Bath… and- [ Coming soon, to a shop near you! ]
Not me buying a space ship and buzz light year at 21 yrs old so i can have it with me when i see this movie
I feel like I'm growing up whild toy story characters are also growing up🤣
Who else thinks David Bowie’s starman makes this trailer all the much better?
What is the song 0:48
Buzz lightyear
I’ll say out of everyone. That can play buzz light year other than tim is Chris. Much respect for Chris. But Tim is just meant to be buzz light year.
1:20 that’s all it is Buzz a leap of faith
It’s the last day of 2021
What if they’re reinventing toy story and the sequel to this movie would be buzz getting lost in some time warp or wormhole that leads him to woody someway. That’d be insane. I’d cry.
Can’t believe they hired Danny Gonzales to play as Buzz
Pixar you are the BEST!!!! you bring my childhood back!! its amazing
could be better if got woody scene in this film 🤢🤢 .. Thanks to my mom for buying me a VCD/DVD toy story 20years ago,it really meaningful to me until now ...
Can someone explain the robot talking cat with the spinning head in this trailer? Do not recall a robot cat from the cartoon Buzz lightyear spinoff series from years ago.  Freaked me out in this trailer
Pixar, I have been a fan since I was a little kid. I will be 31 when this comes out. Right now, I feel like a kid again with all the excitement I have for this movie. I can't wait!
Humanity In the next seven thousand years:
That rocket exhaust looks awful, I hope they fix it
Went hard on the diversity
At the end of the trailer then the suit come up it felt like a marvel post credit scene
The guy in the space suit looks a lil like a guy in toy story
and... beyond !!!
Ok this actually looks pretty good ngl
as a kid grew up watching pixar especially toy story, im really excited for this even tho im turning 20 next year
It’s like Star Wars and toy story just had a new story to tell
Star platinum man
Probably unpopular opinion but I think they should have the original voice actor instead. As a 90s kid it's just very strange not hearing Tim's voice.
The very last scene needs to be him meeting the "real" version of Woody.  Maybe he'll be voiced by Tom Hanks, maybe he'll be voiced by Matthew Mcconaughey.
To infinity and beyond
the wall e reference 🥺
That is so epic. Oh my god. And Starman. Oh my.
Thank you Pixar.
It's beautiful. I've looked at this for five hours now.
Slick animation and a killer remix to boot. Very excited to re-visit my favorite Toy Story character's origins.
Fingers crossed we get Zurg in the movie.
This Is Falling, With style.
Star Wars but in a backyard
Is it Tim Allen who'll do buzz?
I sincerely hope this means Disney is planning to reboot the Mission Space ride at Epcot. This would be amazing
Would have been cool if they used an edited version of rocket man for the trailer
Okay Pixar or Disney needs to make an Edgar wright animated movie happen....who's with me on this✊
This movie looks like a wallpaper the whole way through
this trailer is really good
You already know zurg is making his appearance 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This just seems wrong. The point of buzz was that he thought he was a hero all along but he was just a toy but even said toy could do great things. This all just seems misguided to me.
The infinity and beyond
I remember the direct-to-VHS Buzz Lightyear film from my childhood, so I'm hoping this is gonna live up to that!
WAIT THIS LOOKS SO CUTE
this movie is kinda disturbing with the white protag yet other characters around him are poc.
All we need is a woody spin off
I really want buzz lightyear to have a VR game, something tells me it's a really good fit
Ima bit sad there’s not going to be a Toy Story 5 but luckily we got Lightyear for 2022 in June?
I like fried chicken with potatoes.
It's funny that real life Buzz played by Chris Evans will sound different than action figure Buzz played by Tim Allen - just like all the other toys back then where the real actor didn't voice the action figures. Tim Allen = a two bit voice actor haha
If you grew up in the 90's how could you not be excited for this
And also a fun fact he is wearing buz lights suit so  he will be in toystroy
OMG..
What next Woody roundup the movie
So the rumor of Captain America living on the moon is true?
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampaui nya
Did anybody notice a robot was there 0:58
I am pretty impressed with the fact that this movie is making up for the cancelled "PLANES 3" film (the third "PLANES" spin off of the CARS franchise), which was supposed to be about the future of aviation in outer space.
I am predicting this movie is a prequel to Toy Story. This movie ends with Buzz on his way to Sector 7 toward Star Command with information about Zurg's ultimate weapon.  Yet on his way, Buzz gets sucked into a worm hole and finds himself in the Toy Story world transformed into an action figure.
My excitement is immeasurable I hope this is a great success
0:58 dagobuah?
wall e reference? pls
WAIT WHAT?
I wonder what if this movie comes out will be rated. Will it be PG-13?
Finally.... Drip buzz!
Bowie
RTX: on
That cat just say beep boop or people?
I feel like there's gonna be a lot of beautiful moments
Pixar theory gon have a field day with this
I wanna see this!!
Am I the only one that thinks that evil emperor ZUR is behind that red door😱
Bowie takes this trailer to infinity & beyond. Amazing.
Disney has officially run out of ideas.  It’s all sequels and prequels or remakes
This is going in my list of greatest songs used for the greatest trailers
Hey guys, look! Its the real Buzz Lightyear!
I'm genuinely curious if Buzz's nemesis Commander Zerg will show up in this movie. I actually don't know if I want that, and the movie to be a retroactive creation of the story behind the character Buzz Lightyear, or else just an animated space exploration tale of this astronaut and his team desperately trying to navigate the furthest reaches of human endeavor.
HE’S A SPACE RANGER! 🚀🥲
This trailer made me happy even when I wasn’t. Can’t wait for the movie
Buzz Light-year of star command: RTX on
My respect for this is infinity and beyond
Base to Halo Infinite 2021 :o
now THIS is how you make a movie trailer
The david bowie completes this.
Wow Now Buzz is Better Look
Where's that bonding strip?   MR LIGHTYEAR WANTS MORE TAPE!
so he is trying to time travel into the past by warping around the sun counterclockwise just like kirk
i don’t know why but this trailer got me emotional
watching this trailer literally again and again because it is so good
Imagine a Spider-Man movie in this animation
Oh man im exited to see zorg
0:37 Buzz goes hyperdrive
cool
Now they need to do a Western about a sheriff named "Woody".
he kinda looks like buzz lightyear
The movie should end with buzz signing paper for the buzz lightyear toy!
When I first saw this I actually thought it was an animated version of the Martian
Goosebumbs ...especially when It's a starman was playing
I can do this all day and beyond!
The cat is name SOX on captions
I Want Cars 4
Wow! Loving the diversity!!!!! Gonna be talking about this on Reddit for sure!
This movie is going to be awesome I can’t wait
“ur mocking me aren’t you”  “Oh no no no no no no no BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
💖
In space with markiplier trailer
I’m just here for Starman.
You cannot go wrong with David Bowie. This is next-level Lightyear.
I would have preferred someone who sounds more like young John Goodman for the voice actor but in any case this movie looks great!
the disney pixar crossover though is so beautiful
Hey you know that thing you like? He’s more
yo joe swanson got his own movie
What a slam dunk
I always though Buzz had purple hair
I'm proud of crying to this masterful trailer. GO BUZZ! 👏😢
Maybe next time, Mr. Potato Head.
I thought this was a game. That would be great as a game.
Man this trailer made me want to cry when i seen it. My kids love buzz !
To infinity and
i bet the ending of this movie is andy enjoying it and ended up buying the toy
OMG is that buzz?!?!?!?
0:56 dagobah vibes
i'm 25 and you just turned me into the 10 years old kid HOW COULD YOU.....
This is probably my favorite trailer ever. Jaw dropping every time I watch it. Incredible.
Star command come in!!, why aren't they answering?
It's gonna be so awkward for adult Pixar fans in the cinema. Alone next to bunch of kids.
Dude, this trailer gives me goosebumps every time.
My soul needed this 😭
Galyn Susman? It can’t be…
My YouTube app says 12 million views...not sure if that's overall or just by me...
If this just didn't have the buzz lightyear I would be way more interested in an original space story.
can't wait for a sci-fi movie
Woody roundabout when
I’m SHOOK.
I saw this in a upcoming movies list without the name saw the rectangle head and the ear muffs and immediately was like "this dude looks like buzz" How funny to think I was right.
After that we will get a western style story for woody.
The song sounded a little bit like over the rainbow, but we had a traditional animated series in the late 90s or early 2000s, but I believe in that Buzz Lightyear has one love interest or his future wife in the cartoon TV show and now we have this a computer animated one and I am not sure if his girlfriend gonna be appearing in this like in the TV show.
I love the fact that the music of the trailer kind of looks like Space Odity from David Bowie It's a nice touch
main character looks like buzz astral
"To infinity and beyond!" A cheesy line in early 1990s, but today as an adult....beautiful.
When I heard the sound track in the theater trailer it sent chills down my spine
I cannot believe buzz has air
I'm so excited for this.   I swear if somehow woody is in this i'm gonna cry, but the probability of that happening is pretty low.
I can't wait till this comes out
Goosebumps overload when Starman starts. Great choice of soundtrack!
absolutely beautiful, this is what makes kids want to be astronauts! this is what makes children find cosmos, god bless I love it!!
Im so excited to see it!!!
Behond
1:13 looks like we're getting some military sci-fi action
The music gives me chills. Every time.
Yo was that Dagobah from StarWars 0:58
This is a perfect trailer! The cuts, the music. Perfect
Every Pixar movie so far  Toy Story A Bugs Life  Toy Story 2 Monsters Inc Finding Nemo The Incredibles  Cars Ratatouille  Walle-E Up Toy Story 3 Cars 2  Brave Monsters University  Inside Out  Good Dinosaur  Finding Dory Cars 3 Coco The Incredibles 2 Toy Story 4 Onward Soul Luca  Turning Red Lightyear
This film is not yet rated
In 2022 from Disney and Pixar infinity awaits Disney Pixar Lightyear summer 2022
Pixar's first PG-13 film
Is a toy story spin-off but Chris Evans isn't replacing Tim Allen as the new voice of buzz lightyear instead Chris Evans play a fictional real human they buzz lightyear who inspired the toy-version Tim Allen voice the toy buzz lightyear and Chris Evans voice the real human name buzz lightyear
We seen Toy Story. Now imagine "Real Story".
This trailer is amazing
I hope this awesome and not boring or woke trash. I loved toy story as a kid.
I don't why but this feels very different then all the other pixar movies
Absolute tune starman by David bowie
wait    what if buzz gets added to fortnite when the new movie releases
That could of been Toy Story 5.
So he’s not a toy after all 😭
😍😍😍😍
This is another sure fire winner from Disney !
I love this movie so so much. I just wished it would’ve been published sooner.
Chad Lightyear isn't real he can't hurt you Chad Lightyear:
Now we just need a Woody movie in the same vein.
The music and transitions just fit perfectly
When "To infinity and beyond" becomes reality.....it just feels beautiful 🚀  This is every person's dream becoming true when they sympathised with Buzz in Toy Story movies
I'd prefer a movie about Mrs Nesbitt honestly
I know it's unlikely, but if Mira, XR, and Booster at least make some kind of cameo, I'll send every Pixar employee and exec a special gift bag of treats and goodies.
BUZZ LOOK it's the real buzz light year!
Maybe this is just scratching the surface, maybe this movie is actually about the actor that plays buzz and this is a show or a movie.
When I 1st saw it, I thought it was live action.
Buzz be launching off of Reach to fight the Covenant in space with the other Sabers.
Buzz: to infinity, and….   Everyone in the theater: …beyond
Now do a woody movie
I really hope they don't mess this one up with ,,wokeness''. Graphs and animation are looking great. Good job so far.
wow, that's a nice trailer. A lightyear is a long way btw. Or not if you compare it to the universe.
Toy Story: Infinite Warfare
I can see the walle reference already
To Infinity and Beyond...
i'm calling it right now! the ending of the movie is gonna be a callback to Toy Story 1 where Buzz accepts *Falling with Style!*
Awesome stuff what a awesome idea
OH MY GODDDDDD THOS LOOKS AMAZING
Taken from toy story 4 2019 (2021 reprint) DVD blu-ray
Background music is similar to Eternals trailer music
I think it's a real human astranot, and after their success, they made his toy, and that was toy buzz.
Let me tell you, going with my school to see encanto, and this trailer play So much more impactful on the big screen!
To infinity and...
E P I C !
Toy Story:
he looks kinda like joe from family guy
Buzz become human, is the awesome fact
His ship number needs to be 42. And he better have a partner that has blue skin, a goatee, and a sarcastic personality.
Fun fact did you know Buzz Lightyear catchphrase is “To infinity and beyond!”
Lightyear inspiring Buzz Lightyear is  Disney's version of Major Matt Mason being by the astronauts of the 1960s
As an adult, I haven't been this excited for an animated feature in awhile!
Can he be voice by Tim Allen?
Just enjoy the awesomeness of this trailer while it lasts and hope the movie is any good. I have some high hopes though.
Epic intro underway
Now all we need is a woody movie!
I love Toy Story! So this will be so cool!
kalktı
This movie is cool of Buzz Lightyear. In my honest opinion Tim Allen was a better Buzz Lightyear but now Chris Evan's is playing buzz Lightyear. It's not the same. Tim Allen would've been better  in the Lightyear movie. I don't know if Tim Allen must've declined playing him in this new one after the ending of Toy Story 4
1:07 Force of habit
Can't weight for woody back story
Pixar is BACK?
"Major Tom" better be in this movie or else we riot!
Danny gonzalez..?
Are we finally going to understand how Zurg is Buzz’s father?
I literally got chills
well now they have to do a woody backstory
I think i'm gonna cry ;)
Where woody this sucks
I always wondered what buzz’s hair looked like , or if he was bald
This looks like it was made in unreal engine five or something
From the makers of Wall-E and onward, brings u an out of this world adventure!!
Is there going to be a Woody Movie
Hermoso trailer. Siempre me gusto de niño y ahora de adulto lo voy a disfrutar con mis sobrinos 😊
i don't understand the timeline here.Is this a movie that Andy watches or happend before the events of toy story
he kind a looks like buzz from toy story
Among Us Reference At 1:08 😳😳😳          I’m Sorry Lol
Beyond!
what song?
Buzz Lightyear: To infinity and Beyond!
0:53 so you're telling me buzz lightyear has hair, not a purple scalp
I always wanted a Buzz Lightyear movie since watching Star Command series
Do you guys think Zurg will be in this? I’m personally hoping so…
0:47 I don't think anyone expected this
Hey guys look its the real Buzz Lightyear
I’m so excited 😆😆😆😆
Infinity and beyond is actually really cool. But that kinda ruins it.
Is Zerg in the movie 🤨🤨🤨
I wonder if there will be a similar movie for Woody in a Western classic movie. That would be cool...no?
Best toy commercial ever
I've never watched the toy story movies but i cried during this trailer as starman kicked in. Incredible.
Let all the children boogie :')
#notmybuzz Tim Allen and nobody else IS buzz lightyear.
Chris Evans playing Buzz!? Amazing casting!
So there toys still
buzz looks like an huncky version of Danny Gonzales.
I cannot believe that Buzz is getting an origin story!  This is actually an awesome idea and I'm really curious to see what this is all about!
now all we need is a "Woodys Roundup" movie
My favorite part about trailers are the epic music and this one doesn't disappoint 1:09 and 1:14
1:20 memories of when in toy story 2 zurg said to buzz “I am your father.” I wonder if that will happen in movie lol
ok this goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Yawwwwwn
CANT WAIT TO SEE IT!
PS5 GRAPHICS BABY😎!!!
I hope buzz has alien girlfriends
I Seen That Movie In Toy Story 123&4 In Buzz Lightyear
But but what about the Star Command show and its established lore? Not my Buzz Lightyear! _-_  /s Also flying that close to the sun must've cooked his brain, explains him hallucinating that he landed on a bizarro world as a toy among giant humans.
you have 2022
It's funny how in the end, they cut Buzz off before he says "beyond", like how Captain America was anticipated to say "Avengers Assemble" for so long and kept getting cut off, and both Captain Rogers and Buzz are (or going to be) played by Chris Evans
how buzz became a toy or human?
The music looks hype
I showed my older sister this trailer   And the first question she asked was are they still dolls?
I wonder if Andrew Stanton or Wayne Knight is going to voice Zurg. Both of them were great!
I just got a Woody
You fell off+Wall-e better+ratio
Na... Na... Na na na. Nananananaaaa. Na na na na
TOY STORY!!!!!!!!!!
the animation looks so good
Inspired by toy story?
ok so why can't animation studios like pixar ever make a serious, complex, horror movie? it's always kiddy movies like these. animation is a technology and should be applied to all genres. i think Hollywood still thinks animation is for kids only and they are so very very wrong!! I never watch American animated movies; not because i don't like the animation but because i dont like the single genre that they are available in. I'm not gonna watch this, its just not my type; make a pixar horror movie and I'll come running.
Gonna be amazing 🤠
To infinity andddd.........
Can't wait to see what they do with Zurg in this film.
Greatest bit of falling I've ever seen.
Amazing!
when WALL-E meets Toy Story
this is just star wars
Wow this looks cool
It's definitely a new beginning as Toy Story has come to an end.
I just saw his suit but his red button looks like an avengers logo im shockeed
Oh my god I’m so excited. Buzz light year is literally one of my favorite characters ever
Rtx on
In Netflix :D?
Awesome
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
What if Robert Downey Junior was a young Optimus Prime?
dislike
Why does he look like a buff Michael Buble??
I feel like I'm 4 year old watching Toy Story for the first time again watching this....
Thanks Pixar!
Good to see you Danny
Next woody in a cowboy movie 😁
hey wait a min.... where is Our REX
He looks like buzz
Am I the only one who just isn’t excited for this, at all?
I can’t stop watching the trailer.  The music is from David Bowie STARMAN
this animation is rediculous
:0 WHA?!
What’s Paladin Danes doing
9ooooooooo my god
B U Z Z  H A S  H A I R
I wonder how this movie gonna play out, is woody gonna make an appearance probably not this movie but the next? Do buzz time travel on accident/or crash land on a planet. This movie gonna be crazy
1:22 sounds are amazing
Hey...i am waiting for woody real story ...😀kind hearted person ❤️     Y only for buzz
Buzz!
Hi
ohh god there doing the film i wanted to see as a 6 year old
This looks good im gunna see this
weeee wuzzzz
Al infinito ♾ y más allá
Even though I'd already seen the trailer on youtube, when I saw it in the previews for Encanto with my best friend it hit different. Both of us grew up with the Toy Story movies and it's my personal favorite Pixar creation. We both teared up watching this in the theater and are so excited for when it comes out!
MOVIE
Buzz light ear 😧😮😲🙄😐🤔😀😃😄😁☺️😊
some of the realisticness is kinda disturbing but im still hyped
Towards infinite and further than that!
A wise man once told me: "To İnfinity and, Beyond....."
Everyone else: WOW THIS MOVIE LOOKS GOOD!  me: 🎵THERES A STAAAARMAAAAAAN🎵
As far as I’m concerned this is a spin off movie about buzz lightyear and is about the wild he hailed from they did something like that with buzz lightyear of star command I don’t Understand why they are doing it a second time what we need is a woodys roundup spinoff and a movie and tv show about woody and the world he hailed from
What about the old movie and show? Buzz Lightyear of Star Command Are those linked in anyway or are they just tossed aside?
To infinity and your mom   Emotional words
Is no one worrying where all the characters from the original buzz light year are! Like the adorable Booster, XR and even Mira
I mean, on one hand, I like an Ernest, good animated sci-fi movie. On the other, "let's make it a toy story movie so people buy tickets
This looks like Danny gonzalez
Cursed version of buzz lightyear
I have a theory that this is the movie Andy watched when he went to college after toy story 3.
Star Wars lite🔥
the song adds to how good this trailer is. really gonna make me think this movie has a lot of heart
Detected : Superman face matched
Ok I have to say it this really isn't needed. I'm just not that excited for this movie if it's good that's great but I'm not getting my hopes up
This gives me a huge interstellar vibe idk why
Pixar has come a long way since Toy Story 1995
I'm genuinely hyped for this movie, it looks amazing.
Years of training academy wasted
What toy story 3 looked like for me
Ya know, someday I want Andy to ge this own movie
YOU ARE A TOYEEEEEE!!!
what are they doin in star wars universe..like the planet where yoda goes after clone wars
Buzzzz
They really ran out of ideas 🙄🤦🏻‍♂️
all the dislikes are from the people who wanted him to say beyond at the end before the animators decided to end it there for "dramatic effect", the nerve of some people
They missed the opportunity to put "Lightyears" from jamiroquai as the main music for the trailer.
소름돋았다..
Would love a version he traveled diferent univerese and meet Woody there
to infinity and              He says nothing after that                                          Why are you still scrolling                                  You know he doesn't say anything right                                        Why are you still scrolling😡                                                     You know what                                          I am going to say it                                                                    Ok here it comes                                                                And beyond.
This movie got so much attention not for being a childhood memory but because of all the memes they did with him having a fade 1:22
Most of the scenes reminded me of the cartoon of buzz Lightyear ….. like … quite literally…. If you watched the cartoon you will understand
Buzz lightyear as hooman
Çok karışık bir fragman
ngl buzz be kinda looking like giga chad
*Zurg hype*
Very cool. Looks like a interesting movie. Thank you for sharing  If your reading this I hope you have a great day and know. “For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16‬ ‭NIV
What is the music
Why am i SO exited for this???
i want that. give me that. now
To infinity and my foot
I am literally crying at the infinity and beyond part 😭😭😭
Hey wait....is this buzz lightyear from toy story 😂
This is just cursed
I think this movie is like Buzz's backstory and I'm excited to see this flim
Fun fact: In the movies, The Buzz Lightyear toys came out in the mid 90's, so technically this is a movie that was made in 1994-95 and Andy watched it in theatres that made him want one in the first place. So maybe we'll get some Starship Troopers/Independence Day references in this even though this trailer reminds me of one of those futuristic Tom Cruise movies from the early 2010's.
ສາຍມື້ໄດນໍ
LOL COME ON REALLY? A REBOOT OF BUZZ LIGHTYEAR TOO??
What if Andy watches this in the end credits and asks for a buzz light year?
1:21 IT IS BUZZ LIFHT YEAR
U can’t go T sun bc everything on earths planet is being used to make things and nothing can resist the heat of the sun
Is that buzz light year
To infinity, and summer 2022 😂
Awww. I always wanted a Cowboy movie starring Jessie. I know you don't usually do girl MCs but I hope this doesn't mean that would never happen :(
The soundtrack its just fantastic
Delicious hot schmoes
“Let all the children boogie.” Indeed.
1:19 THIS GOT ME SCREAMING!!!
This is how trailers should be: intriguing and not giving away any of the plot
I like to go see that film at the cinemas. then it would be released on Disney+ for the following month I guess. To Infinity and Beyond.
I could watch this all day long @pixar - I really love this universe ❤👏👏👏
So that's what happened to Captain America.
Still feels a bit of a reach that technology love this existed in the toy story world.
why does the trailer have such a serious tone ? 💀💀 also, using a remixed version of a classic rock song for a trailer is overused imo other than that, excited for this movie ! ❤️
What's up Greg?
Pi
Just watched this right now
i love you so much pixar✨✨loves from turkey  ❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍
Captain Lightyear: "I can do this all day."
Hey Pixar, Can we get a Ms. Nesbit backstory?? I have always wanted to know and a lot more people have too
This Disney DVD is enhance with Disney’s fast play-
Ngl he kinda looks like Tom Cruise
Is Buzz brunette? I imagined him blonde or light brown.
Toys? I THINK NOT
I bet this is the movie that had them make the toy buzz light year and that brings us to toy story
Oh I’m definitely seeing that
It would be a hilarious callback if he had a neighbor named Mrs Nesbit
It’s nice to see Buzz as the main character. They haven’t given him a story arch since the first Toy Story
Buzz: “am I really that fat?”
tbh I'm gonna give it a chance, it looks like a fun space adventure
He's looks like Buzz light-year from Toy Story movie..🤔❤️
Cant wait the Mighty Zurg 🗿
A little Awa
can't waaaitttt!! buzzz💚
New Disney movie title: Woodys Finest hour
Buzz ? From toy story??
Woody: howdy you, whatcha doin here
Hi Buzz
Oh no… surreal entertainment cannot be watching this! He will make it a horror movie.
This is exciting the man Buzz lightyear on a space adventure in Disney pixar!  I wondered what his space adventure was like when he becomes a space ranger.
spoiler:buzz meet woody after fight zurg
So is this Movie a Sequel to Buzz light-year of star command?
I’m sorry…where is Tim Allen?
That ship look a lot like the Arwing from StarFox!
so this is his story what about the other?
Zurg?
To infinity and your mom!
buzz got a film and tv show woody got one way too many merch now we need a backstory of jessie when she was with emily
I'm really so excited to see Lightyear till next summer!
What would Zurg look like in this new movie?
I am very anxious for this to come out, yes I'm curious and I'm looking forward to be watching it too. It does kind of looks like it's going to be good, also I think they could have given us a longer trailer then they did
Where's Mira, XR, and Booster????? TRIGGERED
Toy story RTX on
00:16 Nicee!
To infinity and what...?
Xr
the only thing that has been through space travel is your imagination
How much you bet the movie ends with him being opened at Andy’s birthday party
Every time I watch this I get overwhelmed with emotions. Goosebumps throughout the entire trailer. Thank you so much, Pixar
I love you Lightyear
that's buzz
Please keep the same feel of this trailer in the movie. I know Toy Story has always been a fun family type of comedy movie with serious undertones but don't turn it into a constant jokey wokey movie
I'm hoping Zurg is in this.
This song is mixed 2020s and 1970s era.
Pixar this is great. But I still will never forgive y’all for that toy story 4 ending ☹️😣
i could literally watch this trailer for hours. phenominal work, pixar.
I'm Japanese and love Pixer's movies. The CGI is another level. I'm looking forward to watching this!!
*Dundun du dun deun pup pa papa poup pup pup puuoop poooop, you've got a friend in me~*
No wonder Andy loved buzz so much.
Wow who knew
something has been reawakened in me
This is very related toys story
OMG the nostalgia is gonna hit us 90s/early 2000s babies so hard. This actually looks really good! Also, can we just talk about how Starman is literally the PERFECT song choice!
did anyone else whisper ".... and beyond"  at the end?
if zurg isn't in this i'm gonna flip
Wow So it took us 26 years to finally learn where on earth Buzz comes from
is there gonna be zurg
This Looks Really Cool!
1:14  IS THAT MARK HAMILL’S VOICE!? (It sounds like Mark Hamill’s Chucky voice)
okkk
I like that cat
Nice perfect But Now I need  Woody biography based movie
Those technologies and graphics reminds me of Starcraft
Hope emperor zerg is in this
i thought hes toy
Nice they featured Danny Gonzalez for the movie.
To infinity and..     Summer 2022
Hate to say it but this decanonizes the Star Command cartoon
hey pixar you guys should have all the toys from toy story including buzz react to the lightyear trailer, that'd be awesome
It is an origin from Toy Story Movies and Series Saga: Toy Story (1995) Toy Story 2 (1999) Buzz Lightyear of Star Command (2000) Toy Story 3 (2010) Toy Story Toons: Hawaiian Vacation (2011) Toy Story Toons: Small Fry (2011) Toy Story Toons: Partysaurus Rex (2012) Toy Story of Terror (2013) Toy Story Time Forgot (2014) Toy Story 4 (2019) Forky Asks a Question (2019) Lamp Life (2020)
Two Pixar movies in one year
Danny?
와... 미쳤다
**RTX On**
Plot twist zurg is buzz father
this looks legit! cant wait for it too come out!!!
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND 🚀
Do MGM (2021) Reminiscence
To infinity and beyond Woohoo and we have a buzz movie
Nunca creí alcanzar a ver esto XDD
And then Buzz crashes into Earth where he's aided by the Local Sheriff with a pet dinosaur who he then helps stop One Eyed Bart from his crimes of robbery, attempted murder, and animal abuse... yeah Andy's mind was kinda twisted now that I think about it...
I love that when he is defensive at 1:08 it's based off his karate action his toy has. Nice touch.
WALL-E feeling
How can u dislike this video.. it is buzz
Characters we all wanna see 1.Zurg 2.Riptellus maximus (Even tho his not really in a toystory timeline) 3.Woody (Somehow)
Why not use Tim Allen as buzz? Why let captain America be buzz?
There a Sky sky hey hey hey
i hope it’s pg-13  hear me out, the higher the age rating the better the story and realness of the movie will be which is very unlikely but also pixar hasn’t done a pg-13 movie if they have before it has been a while then
I swear Pixar is making more and more realistic movies everyday Also, is anyone here just to see the movie that Danny Gonzales was taking about?
I am a 21stcentury human being in the year 2021 and space exploration and Bowie make me emotional.
Lightyear a Toy Story Prequel and Toy Story 5
To infinity AND BEYOND!!!
This looks like it could be one of Pixar's best if it's done right!
4 weeks later and I’m still crying at this. This feels like it’s really a gift to all the people who watched and loved the original toy story. They know we are grown, but it still won’t stop them from amazing us as we grow.
If this goes well I’m hoping maybe they’ll bring woody’s old show to life as well
The music is star man
Spoiler......he "sacrifices" himself in the end.
To Infinity and your Mom
I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!
Imagine the woody movie like this light year movie coming up
Buzz Lightyear: "RTX ON"
I need to see this, it looks so awesome!
At 28 years old you best believe ama be knocking kids over in line to see this movie.
So this is what buzz thought of when he thought he was a space ranger
This movie will be so cool.
Infinity and WHAT
That Kung Fu move with the toy cat is the same move he made in the toy story movies!
EEEEEEEEEEE i wonder who's the bad guy i forgot his name
@0:58 looks like a scene from Starwars
He was gaslighted into believing he was a toy the whole time, but he just traveled into a parallel toy universe.
The music tells me this movie is serious. But I can’t. Is this supposed to be a movie that exists in the toy story universe? And buzz looks weird
I hope the PIZZA PLANET TRUCK will appear somewhere in space like from Happy dinosaurs :)
This trailer is very nostalgic to me because I liked to watch Toy Story before.
Yo thats me
*SAM:* You wanna talk about it? ☹️ *STEVE:* No. I don't think I will. 😔
this movie has such potential. i really hope pixar doesn’t screw it up.         edit: they found a way to screw it up.
Love that Bowie's Starman is in this. Oh and  starts off with the sirens from Aliens when Ripley blasts the queen into space, nice touch.
It seems like the artists at Pixar just made a cool, grounded, slightly more mature space film, and the execs were like, “ok, but what if we made him Buzz Lightyear?” Either way, I’m still hype.
Pixar we need a full version of the song, all my friend are looking for it since weeks. It is just awesome to see a new version of our childhood memories. Thank you so much, I'm definitely watching this
No one gonna talk about how this man looks like a thumb?
plotwist: buzz is a spartan
NOW WE TALKING, also hope Zurg is in the movie.
The redesign is so good. It’s like a fanfic come true
1:20 astronaut suit
🎵There's a Starman🎵
it has potential
Where's is John lasseter
All I want to see is at least a cameo of the characters from his tv show
…BEYONDDDD!! ITS BEYOND GUYSSS
Wait... wheres zurg?
what's up danny its me greg
Raya and the Last Dragon gets a backlash because of Sisu's design looking like a character from My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. What's next, people complaining that Zurg will look like a decepticon from Transformers?
How much you wanna bet that woody is gonna be like a toy somewhere like the Pixar ball?
Why does buzz kinda look like Danny Gonzalez.
You are a toy
We’re not aiming for the truck!
😀😃😄😁😆😅🤣😂🥰😍🤩🥲
Emperor Zurg will be in the Movie
There’s a chance this was the story where he got to earth and toy story 1 began
H20 delirous the movie
The song ❤️
There is buzz then where is it woody the cowboy
“To infinity and beyond.” The line that made our childhood.
YES I LOVE IT!
Omg
No Tim Allen not interested
where is mrs nesbit
Perfect song choice. Now whenever I hear that song I think of this trailer
.. i thought buzzes hair was actually purple…. Is not its just his cap thing
Plot twist: this is all in Andy’s mind and he’s just playing with his toys
Wait... this is real? I thought all the human Buzz images were edited! Well this'll be interesting...
theory: the real buzz lightyear got his soul transported into a buzz lightyear toy and is the one in the toy story series
I have a bone Er
starman just makes the trailer even better also the mission control lines at the beginning before takeoff are accurate to an actual rocket launch... nice to see pixar did their research
Buzz Lightyear RTX ON
Oh my god please someone give me this musical track to add to my Spotify.
the movee is rist on june 17 2022 wow
The cat is voiced by Taika Waititi
I think NASA has found a way to send man to the Mars!! The red planet. May be soon we will witness man landing on Mars!!  And the production has gone to infinity and beyond!! ❣️
Buzz lightmonth
I EXPECT COWBOY WOODY IN THIS MOVIE'S  POST CREDIT SCENE , THAT WILL BE AWESOME
I wonder if this has any connections to the old Buzz Lightyear cartoon I used to watch as a kid? I remember even having the game for gameboy color. It was really fun.
Buzz:And...                            I can do this all day
This is gold
To Infinity and YOUR MOM!
I think Pixar is the most advanced animation company on the planet.
omg seeing young buzz made me tear up
Can’t wait for this epic movie!!! I can feel it that it’s gonna be a good o e
Imagine that everything that happens in that movie was just a Andy play with his toy lol
1:18 Are Those Doom Guys Suits?
amo
This whole movie is like Nickelodeon giving Patrick star is own show
Do you think there will be another movie called The Roundup Gang starting Woody, Jessie, Bullseye, and Stinky Pete? Also Tom Hanks becomes the executive producer of this movie!
Buzz Lightyear lore is looking sick.
Nice reminds me of the old TV Series.
Сколько негров насчитали?
This… is not Pixar. This is weird and desperate; so you have Buzz Lightyear, the toy who believes to be a spaceman, now you have a plain old spaceman. What’s the twist here, that he believes to be a toy or something?
We all gonna cry at in the end
The dislikers are sad, strange little men. And they have my pity.
we need live action with chris pratt main actor
Make a Woody movie with Chris Pratt voicing Woody as a human.
Now buzz is really going to the space
we need starman lightyear trailer edition instrumental only
Buzz lightyear with hair
Are we just going to completely ignore the music at 1:23? It’s only a few seconds but man it’s a banger!
when I saw the suit I realized that its buzz
This movie reminds me of STAR WARS
To infinity and your Mom
Will we get the scene when Emperor Zurg defeat Buzz and cut one of his arm?
I saw that screenshot of Buzz and thought it was just someone's attempt at making Captain America in pixars style
Perfect Toy Story prequel movie.
An amazing take on Mr. Lightyear, can't wait!
coming sun cowboy starring woody
Yo ,me la voy ir a ver al cine cuándo se estrené, yo la estoy esperando.(2022)
So is he the toy or is the toy merch
I can't believe this is mixed with Star Wars in it!
Omg  omg se ve genial amamos a buzz 🤩🤩🤩🗼🗼🗼🗼🗼💥
Now I have something to do for 2022 summer
皮克斯的动画真的是越来越牛B了
Absolute master piece
2022 is going to be a great year for movies. Covid delayed a lot of stuff, even cancelled a few, 2022 will be the redemption arc. Lightyear 2022 will be the greatest movie of all time. It's the vibe I get from this trailer.
They should do a woody western movie to with Jessie
Starman
End credits scene has woody appear on a planet that buzz is visiting. Woody would be played by Robert Downey jr starting the the Pixar cinematic universe. Plays avengers theme. On a completely unrelated note, I’d be so down to see a Disney plus “Woodys roundup” continuation in the same style as ts2
something about this is viscerally terrifying to me but also i really wanna see how it turns out
1:18 Z A K U
I am addicted to this trailer.  #pleasehelp
To infinity, and...
노래제목뭐에요
wait this is a teaser so this might not be the actual trailer
I think this movie will be beyond amazing!
I HATE MOVIES MEMES
Бесконечность не придел
From being one of the main characters of Toy Story, to having his own movie.
It's a . . . TOY
Youch they got rid of Tim Allen...
No Tim Allen no thank you.
They don't have to take away the downvote for this one.   We don't need it.
This reminds me of a Disney Pixar version of Ad Astra and The Martian because it looks so cool!!!
If they ever reboot Superman then they need to use this song in the trailer
Honestly can't wait to see if this is somehow the TV show of what current modern Andy watches, While possibly telling his sister about it. And all the other lil small things.  Though I would be glad to watch this as a series if not as a movie. I want to learn everything about him and the crew and learn just how he got as he is now.
Everybody: *hE hAs HaIr?!1,a*
This is giving me some Halo vibes especially the suit
_There's a Starman waiting in the sky_
1:07 Buzz having the same defense like in Toy Story 1.
Bro I think the buzz movie is going to be successful cause it looks like it is going to be pg 13
TO INFINITY AND RIP AND TEAR 'EM ALL- DOOMGUY
Wow... this was a brilliant idea. It looks amazing.
0:11 "Do you people still use fossil fuel, or have you discovered Crystallic Fusion?"
Someone wrote that Buzz looks like he turns his body cam off and now I can’t I see it
Yeah THIS IS GONNA BE AWESOME
👏👏👏👏👏
Not a huge fan of this but it atleast looks better than turning red and luca
Disney pixar avengers
So if this is just a stupid animation, why do I have goosebumps?
Chris Evans was announced to have been cast as the human Buzz Lightyear upon the project's announcement in December 2020. Evans was the first and only choice MacLane had for Buzz. He visited Pixar's offices one day and they pitched him the project during a visit. Evans accepted the offer immediately, given his love for animation.
Wait, wasn’t it just a toy?
The lyrics are great "But he thinks he'd blow our minds" when its really his own that we end up blowing. Also "Let the children use it" shows how Buzz ends being used to be played with as a toy.
The takeoff and stuff can be a roller coaster
"To infinity and toy"
Post Credit Scene or End Credit Scene has to be "YOU ARE A TOY"
honestly can't wait to watch this 🌙☄️👽🚀🛰️🌟👨‍🚀🛸
Course I’m going to see this movie, love Buzz, but… Woody is the go to, and next we need a movie of Woody ❤️🙌🏻
This looks so good can’t wait to watch it
Looks good. Будем посмотреть.
I cant believe that there  making a hole movie about buzz im now expecting a one about woody
For Buzz thinking he's a real space ranger his dream finally came true, & The logo says "lightyear"  on the cars tires, so cars predicted the future of PIXAR movies
I'm so excited Pixar is making a sci-fi movie!!
I have never been so hyped for a movie
I love buzz light year 💘 thanks Pixar
Buzz, seeing what will be his suit. "Oh, YEAH, baby."
you shouldn't waste your time on it
Is Zerg in this Disney?
Is it just me, or he looks like Bruce Wayne? No? Ok.
Bas
I CANT WAIT
i🙂🙂 wanna cry went buzz say he's legend word to infinity
Pixar is gonna be realistic when 3030 the character is look like reality
We need one for woody
Okay so this is the movie that Andy saw for Buzz that's the idea I heard someone say that's what they were going for so if Zerg is not buzz's daddy and there isn't planet killer of some kind zero out of ten. Lol Edit: That was exactly correct me from the past.
Well…. Let’s get it 🔥🔥
O.....MY....God......! Pixar, thank you so much for bringing my childhood hero back on the big screen :O This stuff just makes me feel 9 again.
Waiting for movie #smaxfacts
Proud of you, Pixar.
It would be cool if Andy was A scientist helping Buzz and says “I used to have a toy of you”
오래살아야한다 살다보니까 뭔 버즈 솔로 무비가 나온다 ........
Buzlightyear is a human now🤯
Goodness Chris Evans, I never expected you to become a VA of a nostalgic legend.
This is gonna be such an emotional movie! I can already tell!😭
0:55 Nice Star Wars planet, does this mean Toy Story x Star Wars?
YEEESSS
Woody would be so proud 🥲
no, just no. We dont need this....
This gives me so many Star Wars vibes
That round thing at the beginning (supposedly a ship) reminds me of ET’s ship.
This movie 🎥 is going to be COOL
For thee empra!!! Oh wrong universe...
I’m pretty sure everyone knew that from the second toy story
I plan to return to the theaters with this film.
I can only hope this has references at least to buzz lightyear of star command: the adventure begins
I hope this will lead to a new trend where Pixar will actually try to make movies that are serious dramas. Seems like a waste of resources that the greatest animation studio in America only makes silly cartoons.
0:49 if this is gonna be the emotional scene of Lightyear then I hope it will be like Soul where there’s no dialogue and we just watch Buzz looking through the window while his home planet is slowly getting destroyed by Zurg. The scene would all be silence with just sad music playing. Then right after that Buzz will steer the ship and switch directions while getting a spark and after that the action kicks in again.
As a review on Letterboxd says: "never once in my entire life did i consider the possibility that buzz lightyear has hair under his purple hood thing and i’m absolutely horrified by this realization"
Any space trailer related movie = features Starman by David Bowie
yeah cool but.. how does he become a toy??
Count me out on a real-life Buzz Lightyear. You've overstepped your own origin stories too much this time.
we can't watch Disney in vietnam anymore i'm very disappointed
I hope they use the song Starman in the movie, fits well with the trailer.
To Infinity, And Beyond
Al infinito y...
1:27 to infinity and 1:30 beyond
It would be cool if this was pg-13. But knowing Pixar it's probably not
This is history we are about to watch.
Where is zurg, is he safe, is he alright?
This Video goes hard. Feel free to screenrecord
Now I have a reason to live until 2022
I am a believer that in the Toy Story universe an adult Andy made this movie because of the childhood fun he had with his toys, and later he is planning a Woody movie and crossover.
Y'all got baby's all confused. You made 4 movies saying buzz was a toy a child's play thing... Know y'all want him to be real
Buzz is my HERO  non stop. <3
I don't care about the nostalgia, what I care more is how can they translate buzz lightyear into a good story, will it be like the incredibles or will it be like souls.
Cant wait to see this.
It looks like the events of Lightyear came before the Toy Story franchise; it changed the animation generation forever.
Buzz's name is also a trademark insect noise.
The suit's mechanical, flexible joints make the title character when he's wearing it which he's known famously for look like a gynoid. Explains the joints of all the insect characters in A Bug's Life. Athena in the live-action Kim Possible is a gynoid. My mythical character, Timmy Nysalt (who will be voiced by Michael Bird) is also a gynoid.
rea life buzz
I really hope XR is in here somewhere.
Looks like star wars
The song!!
what looks like: BB-8 building, x-wing in Dagoba and Lightyear might be the missing brother of Goodyear
Lol can’t wait to see buzz light year stuff in stores again after a long time they will probably be the same old toys and stuff just resold for hype xD perfect marketing idea though
Memed
Avengers A........
very good trailer...
...beyond
I think this is to do with buzz light year
0:57 star wars looking kinda different
Anybody knows when is the official released of the movie?
Yeah a woody movie might be pixar there next project🤞🏻
Muy interesante la película
Are they gonna make a Woody Movie now?
Pov:Doomguy in cartoon
I'm a Buzz Lightyear, Space Ranger  universeprotectionunit   Remake Toy Stoy 2 video game please!
I'm just reaching for the stars like Buzz Lightyear
This trailer gave me "star trek: enterprise" vibes
We technically watching this movie with Andy 😤
Blown away.. man, the quality of the renderings are surreal!
Hes grandfather is DEEZ lightyear :"v
Tim Allen is the only buzz lightyear
Ya quiero verlo se ve muy dinerito 😁😁
Lemme find out Buzz 🐝 out here with a black queen OKAYYY
This is the dislike button
Are they going to make Buzz LGBT in this one?
What happened to Pixar saying they'd only make original content this decade.  But whatever, there just making a franchise of Buzzlight ears lore in the Toy Story movies.
This is so dumb looking
Knowing Pixar, I'm gonna cry in a movie theater soon.
remember if zurg doesn't show up we riot.
Amazing trailer!!!! 🤩
No
Plot twist:          Buzz is played by Andy's father and he is going to watch it.
0:55 Those rings he flew through are from Cowboy bebop 😃 0:57 and ist this from Stre Wars?
To all the gundam fans: This is a real grade Buzz Lightyear.
to infinity and beyond
My theory on the ending: the Toy Buzz is actually watching this “movie” and as soon it is finished he feels inspired to be a hero and not what he was made to be as a toy. Then maybe a small cutscene of where he gets purchased and with the party scene from the first Toy story ending off with Buzz standing on Andy’s bed
Woody: Hey guys look it’s the real buzz lightyear!
Oh my days. I don't care if it doesn't turn out to be that good , this movie holds a special place in my heart
Just like his dad :)
So it's the lore behind a toy that used to only exist for the movie? I mean it is right up my alley theme wise
Ok but let's talk about the music though.   David Bowie's Starman is literally the perfect song they could use for a lightyear movie
Plot twist : the next movie is "ROUNDOP"
Ah David Bowie!
No (zurg) here but why now
1:29 this pic goes hard, may i screenshot?
I swear if it doesn't have Zerg it's getting a 1 star review
TOGETHER!!! WE WILL STEAL THE MOON!!
I saw a few tweets saying that he looks like he would turn his bodycam off and now I can’t stop thinking about it. Sorry, I like dark humor😂
I prefer a woody backstory
1:21 Doom(2016) vibes
This movie goes hard. Feel free to reupload it.
I am digging the enhancement, especially with the mid-section not looking like rubber tubes. Total cosplay worthy details.
Bring Tim Allen back
Only 11 million views??
No god no
To infinity... and to Boogie!
Anyone else remember Buzz Lightyear of Star Command? Wish they'd just adapt that.
legal, ótimo, demais
I've rewatched this a few times. Best Pixar movie trailer ever
NO, just NO
I wish it was still Tim Allen again.
Beyond
Imagine a coffee table joke
Spoiler: Buzz talks in Spanish.
This video goes hard...  Just feel free..
First, an Avenger, and now a Space Ranger.
Star Wars fans: “WE NEED A PIXAR STAR WARS MOVIE!” Pixar: “Here you go.”
This is the next Star Wars movie in the Skywalker Saga.
Now all we need is a story about Andy’s dad getting the milk.
this is really cool but that face..
This vid goes hard feel free to screen record
And I wish the Lightyear movie 2 would be... where lightyear was married and howdy were there and start an adventure with him. <3 Like how they meet. Can't wait to see Howdy in Realistic 3D Too like Lightyear!
Still waiting. <3
Emperor Zurg might be Buzz from a very distant yet dark future
Master buzz lightyear
Oh Ultraman zero beyond
Master buzz lightyear
Is that how buzz lightyear was made?
Disney: "I MAKE DA STAWR WUUURS" Pixar: "hold my lightbeer"
조오오오호오오나 기대된다 ㅁㅊ
so, light is a year??
So Star Wars but not as good as the original’s
It's what i waiting for
Menuju tak terbatas dan Melampauinya!!!
wait he has hair?
Honestly, before seeing the trailer I thought this would be some stupid Toy Story thing but it actually isn’t, it is it’s whole new thing. The music for the trailer actually sounds cool lol. Can’t wait to see it.
"You are a toy you can't fly" Finally you can so long from 2000s
0:47
Buzz Lightyear is probably the only character who could ever possibly be played by both Tim Allen and Chris Evans.
Now this is a Pixar movie that HAS to be experienced in a movie theater and not wait for it to be on Disney+
Ok I'm just gonna throw a theory out there. Since Taika Waititi is gonna be in this movie I'm predicting he's gonna voice Evil Emperor Zurg
he has hair?    -my 12 year old cousin
POV: this movie becomes super popular and Pixar decides to make a movie for woody
I can't wait!
Will this new Toy Story movie will be G or PG?
Woody will probably have his movie in 2023.
1:08 That robot named Eric should be a new type of droid in the Star Wars Expanded Universe.
That robot at 0:56 looks like Arishem from Eternals.
Star Wars Episode X: The Rise of Lightyear
I think the movie will end with Lightyear being a movie and Andy is in the theater. Either ends with Andy wanting a Lightyear toy for he's birthday or Woody complimenting Buzz about the movie. It would be a cool opportunity to tease a Woody Movie.
This looks amazing
But will we get an woody standalone movie.
In toy story 2 stinky Pete said   “Once the astronauts went up, children only wanted to play with space toys”  this is what he meant
RTX Buzz
I’m guessing a woody movie is in the works then
The song suits this movie perfectly
The animation is so pretty
Buzz CHADyear
Can tbeleive Chris Evans is going to be voicing buzz. Gonna be an awesome movie
Imagine if this is the start of a Pixar Trilogy that links the Two main Toy Story characters for real. What if the movie ends with Buzz getting sent back in time or to an alternate dimension where it’s still the Wild West? Then he enlists the help of a local sheriff to get back to his time zone/dimension and save all the realities.
WHAT!!!
CLIP:"TO INFINITY AND..........." ME  :  BEYOND!!!!  😂
I hope they make one for Woody aswell in the future
🎶There’s a starman!🎶
The Sad thing is that we will watch the movie Andy watched 21 years later 🍾 we are way behind his time
wow buzz lightyear sure had a glow up
I'd much rather see a Woody version of this.
“To infinity, and *SUMMER 2022”*
Why can’t I stop watching this trailer
The song😮‍💨
“There's a starman waiting in the sky. He like to come and meet us. But he thinks he'd blow our minds” ⚡️
Lightyear: A Star Wars Story
So this is the actual TOY story we've been waiting for :0 xD
Now we need Woody’s Roundup and T-Rex, a film about all the dinosaurs except Rex being wiped out.
Now we need a woody's roundhouse, Jurassic park with rex & godfather with Mr. Potatohead.
This movie actually looks really good
I think he is the doom guy
God that warp shot in 1:04 looks absolutely gorgeous.
Soo, will Mrs. Nesbitt be in the movie?
It seems this is going to be a film about a spaceman coming back in a different time, and his hardships in life. Can't Wait!
spoiler alert: ego is his father
🛐🛐🛐
Very important question (where is Zurg) ??????????????
"And the toy story begins"
Haven’t seen a trailer like this in a while loved how they also picked Chris Evan buzz and also David Bowie for the trailer song.😭🔥
nope, i'm definitely not too old for this!
I want Woodys round up next please 🙏
Real buzz light year can’t hurt you he’s not real Real buzz light year:
To infinity And....   *And Summer 2022*
The end credit scene is buzz landing on earth in 1800s western America
Woody: THE. WHAT.
Im ReEdY GIB ME NOew
YouTube : *toy story 4*
0:00 This takes place In Gamma Quadrant of Sector 4
0:57 Looks like when luke meets Yoda.
This animation is like real life
*Is that...Buzz?*
YOU.ARE.A.TOY!!!!!!!!! You are a child's playyyythiiiing!
wariror tier 4 helmet anyone ? no?.. 0:56
heres something interesting, on reddit i've seen people saying at 1:18 that could be warp darkmatter who's walking from the buzz lightyear of star command tv show, it could be true.   it makes sense, why would buzz just be walking up to zurg's shuttle thingy without the zurg bots attacking him? + that walk looks like a villain walk to me lol.  and with taiki waititi being cast as apparently "buzz's sidekick" it would only make sense waititi could be playing warp. also at the start the guy says "booster" another character from the series and "fido" a nickname from XR to gravitina's pet (another 2 characters)  so could we be seeing the characters from buzz lightyear of star commmand? ik pixar doesn't really like the show but the clues are there.
ZURG !!
Everyone: "a new buzz movie.. im going immediatley" Me: "HE HAS HAIRRR!!!"
Is this what they ment when they said Steve went to the moon?
Suss Lightyear
To Infinity and Beyond. I'm planning to make a fanmade video of Lightyear Instestaller Trailer 4 style.
The amount of excitement I have for this movie is immeasurable! LET’S GOOOOO
and... Assemble?
So excited
If your listening to this in 2021, I believe that we will have a better year than 2020. Stay strong 💪
*Pixar Complicating Toy Story Lore Be Like:*
Just imagine the Doom Slayer wearing Buzz's Space Ranger Suit
Where is Mira Nova XR and Booster ?
1:27 *ah yes. Buzz Lightyear's iconic catchphrase* "To infinity, and Summer 2022"
Add another to the list of animated characters markiplier looks like
Gott me feeling like a elementary school kid again and I'm 32
Imsgine after this movie we all want to buy our own buzz lightyear too <3
Buzz Lightyear - Anant se v aage 😎.
Piku piku piku😭😭🤣🤣🤣
Is this the next ratatouille? Oh man so hype for lightyear
Disney continues to fulfill its quota of movies/TV shows with the character's name/surname as the title.
Okay, this doesn't look bad. I might actually not pirate it.
Spoiler : he will  crashed into a planet and fight against Zurg
It’s going to have some Star Wars references I mean there already are some in the trailer I’m guessing that’s Zurg’s army, and him emerging from that capsule thing so he’ll be like Darth Vader, and we found out in one of the Toy Story’s he’s Buzz’s father in a scene very reminiscent of Vader and Luke on Cloud City
Buzz Lightyear built like the one dad I should’ve had
To infinity and beyond
what is that song called
Ha ha wow... Disney keeps expanding to infinity lol so many possibilities with prequils
This plays for all of them during production
Kinda stoked about this not gonna lie
I'm hyped! This looks so good, screw twitter
I cant wait to the buzz in live action movie
1:17 does anyone else think this could be Warp Darkmatter from BLoSC
Oh hell no, they are ruining my childhood. I was the perfect age to see the first one when it came out. Now it just looks like a cash grab.
Coming soon
Master buzz lightyear
Cant wait for him and his dad to play catch
This actually looks sick.
Súper trailer
Flying past the sun already spit
Your childhood has been extended until summer 2022
So is this an in-universe movie about buzz lightyear the toys are based on and this guy is an actor?
1:21 click sort comments and click time beta
1:29 When you turn on RTX Raytracing
"To infinity..."   "And?"
I just got to see this One. 😎
Now they just need to make a Woody standalone film.
Hey look! It's jay Leno
Wow...do we have for Woody??
How it started:  -Tin Toy  How It's Going:  -Lightyear
That song is the best
it already did he is based off a made up t.v. show toy story 2
⚡⚡
Eagrly waiting for movie
Too little white MENs.        (Just a joke)
Hot take, but when this movie is a smash hit, because it will be, Disney should pull the Lightyear IP off of Astro Blasters in the parks, give a previously poorly used IP a second shot and rebrand it with Stitch. Then fully lean into this new more realistic based Buzz IP and fold it into the space attractions in EPCOT. Plus, involving IP in their space rides could also allow them the opportunity to double down further and utilize WALLE as well...5-10 years ago this would seem impossible but Disney Parks is so IP focused these days It wouldn’t surprise me if this movie is one huge merchandising and park rebranding exercise...
he looks like buz lightyear
0:58 nobody saw the easter egg of Star wars... Dagobah yoda's place?
What Batman do?
Buzz is kinda fine 👀
Cant wait to see the post credit scene where it pans down to earth showing woody and jess doing their rounds on some western town
When I was 8 yrs old buzz light year animated series used to come. Now I am 25 yrs old I always loved this show. Protecting the universe 🎉🎉❤️. Thank you Disney ❤️❤️
toy story was great and this one too should be
Emperor Zurg will have a great design that will blow all of us off, if he’ll be announced for this movie next year.
NOT A FLYING TOY.
I have a theory that: buzz lightyear traveled threw a different dimension on where he landed on the toy story universe and turned into a toy
Master buzz lightyear
everyone asking for a woody movie explaining his backstory there is really no point cause in toy story 2 (i think idrk) we see the thingy ma bob play were it shows the puppets being used in the black and white film soo like idk
BRO IF THATS BUZ LIGHT YEAR THIS MOVIE IS GONNA RUIN MY CHILDHOOD😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
If it’s not Tim Allen I don’t want it.
imagine how woody would look like...
Omg! Yes!! Expecting to see Planet Pizza Truck!! ^^
(Whistle) A New Buzz Lightyear Movie.
SPOILERSS: Zerg is Lightyears father
And beyond !!!
Dang Chris Evans as Buzz is SUPER WEIRD!!! But I'm still going to watch it 🤣
Buzz Lightyear but RTX
Man, i hope in the end there will be scene, where Toy Buzz Lightyear, Woody and other toys reaction to that film
“The name’s Lightyear. Buzz Lightyear.” “Steve Rogers. But call me Captain America.”
Buzz Lightyear?
"We're not flying, we're falling with style"
Well now I have another thing to look forward to next summer
Amazing graphics!!!!
if the coronavirus has somehow ended by the time this movie comes out, i will definitely be watching it in theaters
To infinity
I don't think anyone else noticed the stars aligned in the shape Pixar's Lamp at 0:33
Wahyu mana wahyu
Espero ver que los globos oculares de alguien salten de sus cuencas 😂
I CANT WAIT!!!
Is Zurg gonna be in this?
when you realize that pixar uploads a trailer for the toy story character  Automatically me: ah sit y ah wait
This pic goes hard      Feel free to screenshot
Just a reminder that Zurg is he’s father! *Buzz in the movie:Noooooo*
Not me crying cause David Bowie was played in the background
Lightyear the main character is buzz light year from toy store
what i want to know is Toystory takes place in 2008 and the buzz toy is based of this astronaut that in the future. so what came first the toy or the man?
Buzz: "To Infinity and..." Cap: "To Infinity and what? YOU DIDN'T FINISH!"
Never ending space propaganda. Earth is flat , space doesn´t exist.
Gigachad: the origin story
Well this is gonna suck without Tim Allen. Buzz’s voice is too iconic to replace.
Why does buzz sound like Captain America????
I swear to god this better be Tim Allen
I didn’t know I needed this but apparently I did. This actually looks really good. By that I mean it doesn’t just look like a good toy story movie, it looks like a really good kid friendly sci fi movie.
Please don't disappoint us.
I cannot wait for a legit Buzz Lightyear vs Zurg fight
Should’ve had Tim Allen. Plus movie looks dumb
Oh my I’m crying so hard. Triggered so many memories and feelings
The most hardworking person who is so dedicated towards his work to bring smile on our faces and makes us happy😀👍
We actually want a movie about andys mom
ok good
You’re not a space ranger, you are a TOY!! -woody
What have they done to his face? His rugged looks are gone 😢
❤️😍😭
面白そう
I wonder and I think... Buzz real Name might be or his last name maybe "Nesbitt"   -because we haven't know who is buzz real name yet. Buzz is just his Surname or a makeup name. In the original toy story 1 after Buzz lost his arm, He just say "Mrs Nesbitt" and I think what he said about his real name might be true.
i’m genuinely so excited for this, i love the toy story franchise and this looks amazing so far
If you watched Toy Story 2, then you’ll know that the evil emperor Zurg is his father.
Truly something we never knew we wanted so bad...
Why does Buzz look like a 3D model of Markiplier?
Rtx Buzz is not real he can’t hurt you: Rtx Buzz: 1:28
Awesome!!
Please tell me he’s still played by Tim Allen
Buzz lightyear
I cant wait to watch this movie on illegal site
That nice
OMGGGGGG MY BESTIE STARS IN THIS😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
What the dog doing
Este tailer es realmente muy bueno
This proofs were old
I didn’t know this was real.
No Tim Allen, No Movie Ticket
"Hes not a space ranger!" - woody voice
joe swanson origin story
buzz lightyear lore goes hard
I was hoping there would be a movie like “Woody: Origins” or smth, a film that shows Woody being made in a factory (or more like made by a toymaker) and his adventure until he ends up in the hands of Andy at the end🤔
0:47 😭😭👏👏👏 my first David Bowie song I ever heard 💕💕💖💖💖  This looks like its gonna be good, they made a good spin off on not really "remaking" the older toy story films but instead making a film dedicated to Buzz's character. I'm also happy they're making this after Buzz's lack of appearances in Toy Story 4 👏💕
Everything about the technology in this trailer looks so cartoony but so realistic. I love it.
There might not be a Woody movie since it Toy Story 2 we learn about the show “Woody’s roundup”
Keren
Great movie
I know what Zurg looks like in the movie and I can’t tell.
Bro look’s like “Hello neighbor” 💀
Looks like he’s not just a toy after all
I love the music
TO INFINITY…
of course they have to have a black character...
Pixar por ke no sa caste una película de spider man
Yo what's the music
If its not like the cartoon I'm not interested
Can't wait for the horror film "slinky"
*_Realistic Buzz isn't real, he can't hurt you_*      Realistic Buzz:
Y
It's too bad that they couldn't get Tim Allen to voice as Buzz Lightyear again for it. It wouldn't be a Buzz Lightyear film without Tim Allen voicing as the character.  According to what I read about the film's production development on Wikipedia, in February of 2019, Tim Allen expressed interest in doing another film as he "did not see any reason why they would not do it."
Hol on so he was never a toy?!?
Just a guess on 11/10/2021:   The Black Woman "Buzz Lightyear" will be coming to Buzz's rescue against Zurg.  Because of empowerment.  If it's so empowering that I can predict the movie, that makes it a bad movie.  Guess we'll just have to see.  "I dislike allegory wherever I smell it.”  — J. R. R. Tolkien
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!!!!!!😀😀😀😀
So long partner
This actually looks good and I like the looks of it. All I ask is.  Please don’t suck. Please don’t suck. Please don’t suck.
They must be cowboy in the space
As already said, we are all waiting for a western about Woody.  But I would like to see Tarantino as a director
Can't wait to see it.
How much "outer space" propaganda do we need?!
Why are tears welling up in my eyes? 🥺
Ok, but only if Tom Hanks voices Buzz
Explains so much about toy Buzz. Buzz Lightyear was a toy and a show based on a "real" well Disney/ Pixar real person. So many things about Buzz make absolute sense
Mano, tu é?
I want to dance every time I watch this trailer.
Can't wait to see what girl will come in this movie
Animation just keeps getting better
I can already imagine all the bara fanarts of this.
Woke nonsense.
✌ good tráiler
I just want a post credit scene that shows us Rex (or anyone) watching the credits on a TV or something
When you realize buzz light year movie is more mature than the whole toy story universe.  But this movie is definitely not R rated but a lot better than childish toy story movies
1:06 cats always land on their feet
راست مگین بیاین با ایران بجنگید
This trailer remind me WALL E
Is it me or is that the best thing I've ever seen
Hol up
Why dose it say 13 days ago? And not just 1 week ago?
Wow buz
И бесконечность не пердел!!!!!111
His flight plan looks like an infinity symbol 😗
I watched Toy Story as a kid the moment it went out, and I remember that day as if it were yesterday. I love Pixar so much, but this looks so dumb. The whole charm of the Toy Story universe is that they were toys. Even if this were some sort of biopic about the actual space ranger that inspired the manufacturing of the Buzz Lightyear toy - which is unlikely, because the technology depicted here is brand-new -, this just ruins the magic. Such a disappointment.
When is 'SHERIFF' coming to cinemas?
The physics here are so unrealistic and I love it
DAVID BOWIE!!!!!!!!!!
This absolutely positively goes so hard, feel free to go watch it when it appears.
Honestly im more happy knowing that buzz canonically owns a cat
isnt it wierd that he was a human but his soul was stuck on a toy?
I bet all of the adults are happy than the kids. 😔
Genius
Looks like a doom slayer skin
1:21 reminds me of something…
Dang……..Captain America as………..Buzz lightyear??????  Never thought i’d see that setup before..
We better get a woody one
Hindi Trailer
Im so exited for this
Chris Evans?
To infinity and...
Does this mean that toy story takes place in 2022?
And there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere.
Before  was was was was was is
I thought this was just a joke lol
Need a Woody movie now
Funny how yt thinks this is toy story 4
Buzz looking buff.
Btw, wordy' backstory is technically that show we saw in TS2, no?
Lads Ik there are lots of jokes about Woody now but seriously this could be the one that brings Pixar back up.
Why is it not voiced by the same person. Blasphemy
i THOUGHT YHIS WAS A MEME
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command episode playlist is up on YouTube for free.. the first precursor to the Toy Story movies!  Your welcome 😝
Where Blue Alien Waifu
Kids will want to play Space Ranger finally! Stinky Pete was onto something!
Literally made me cry.
Petition to force this movie to use the song ‘rocketman’
Y'all didn't have to flex this hard with the animation.
Epicccc
Mntap salam aceh
Woke Pixar chooses Woke Evans to replace Trumper Tim Allen. Because it’s not just about entertainment anymore. Never been less excited to watch a movie.
I hope this ends with Buz crash landing on a desert planet and a cowboy (woody) riding a small dinosaur looking alien (Rex) finds him.
Woody: Hey guys look, it's the REAL Buzz Lightyear. Buzz: Exactly!
😱😱😱 hope The 3 aliens is show up in this Movie
When we weren't Andy but were in fact his parents
I don't know how I feel about this lol
and now where is Pizza Planet
I hope they release this version of starman, man
Omg usaron Starman de David Bowie y justo conocí hoy esa canción
can already see the buzz light year glow up memes
Infinity is not the limit!!!
Buzz at 0:51 out of his suit looks JUST LIKE Nick from CSI
Now I’m hoping for a Woody movie also!
to infinity and beyond
Ok where's the joke? Buzz Lightyear ventured off into space to find infinity and beyond....and then he crashed into a 8 year old boy's bedroom where he met a lanky cowboy who becomes his best friend. I am 100% disappointed in youtube commentors more than usual.
Can't wait for it, make it R rated. 😏
I cant wait
I can feel the wokness coming from this.
The song is amazing
I’m exited for this film not to be too good!  Edit: I was right!
Plot Twist: Buzz from the Toy Story universe is telling the story to his friends
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya. . !!
ايششش
woodie is gana push him to death the end
Woody: BUZZ LOOK YOU'RE A TOY  Buzz: I'll tell you what, get real.
From the creators of toys story and luca
For anyone wondering, this is 100% connected to Toy Story because it's going to explain why the buzz lightyear toy is so popular in the movies. Showing how this astronaut became so famous that they made him into a toy.
Disney, you better give Chris Evans his dues.
"To Infinity....and Beyonce!"
This must be the new no man sky
What is the music in the video?
To infinity and beyond
Ok but imagine having all these memories and then realizing you're just a toy 💀
If Tim Allen isn’t his voice… count me out
Hey everyone... call me crazy... But he kind of looked like Buzz Lightyear from Toy Story...
Is it Tim Allen's voice?
Im waiting for zerg. . I hope theres a space command port. . Like in cartoons
At least it isnt Chris Pratt doing the voice this time.
Como brasileiro eu só gostaria de comentar:  "Então ele é?"
???
chad buzz
And suddenly I'm a kid again I can not wait to see this!
To infinity and Summer 2022  Releasing this Infinity
This is not going to live up to our expectations. Sorry guys.
To infinity and beyond!!!!!
They could show the origins of Zurg with is NaNa.
Ok so we have a Buzz movie witth Chris Evans  Now we need a Woody movie with Robert Downy Jr.
master chief been quiet lately
Let’s be honest.   You’re here again because of David Bowie’s epic music
Haven’t seen this till now. Looks neat! Can’t wait for this!
*BEST   STUFF   EVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER!!!*
0:47
Is this a sequel before woody meet buzz
1:30 “Good goin Rex! Now we’ll never know what it is!”
His ship looks sort of looks like a viper from bsg.
oh wow, i cannot believe that their gonna make an movie about this soon in the future, and I really through this movie apis actually had to do with toy story, because of the character buzz lightyear, but it turn out it is different.
Brought to you by buy-n-large
It looks like the air will speak a language in this animation. Wow! Just wow!
We better see a Wall-E reference in this movie
What’s this music?!!!
I think the fact that zurg is buzzes father will be mentioned since the scenes are eerily similar to star wars
@pixar Finally, A new action packed buzz lightyear movie.
e
Omg the animation! They've come so far from the first movie!
Hey guys LOOK, it's the REAL Buzz Lightgear
What I hate about this the most is I actually kinda want to watch it
Sorry but Chris is not the voice of Buzz Lightyear, that will always be Tim. My almost 9 year old may want to watch this out of not knowing but 😝😅
0:58 dagobah? yoda? vibes man
“BUZZ LOOK AND ALIEN”  “WHERE”  “BAAAAAAHHHAAHAHAHA”
1:22 and thus the lightyear drip meme was born Edit: I realize it was too fast so pause it
Then Buzz found his original suit:  WHERE'S THE DEMONS?
Buuz l love you 🥺🥺🥺
i dont know from when im waiting for this movie
I wonder if there’s going to be a Woody’s Roundup movie
This actually looks really good
Now i just want a Disney cinematic universe...and i need wall E and Eve story extended
We need woody cmon pixar
Now Powerline needs his own film.
Majja ni aya.
Where bug's?
01:22
Not gonna lie. Pixar's lighting artists are doing a great job. This will feel like a Wall-E sequel. But we still want a Wall-E sequel. Just so you know.
I see u Disney. Already got my attention
only reminds me of the Halo starfighter? the Saber?
Who else thought 1:18 showed zurg?
song please!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Show me the real buzz light year: *toy* I said the real buzz light year: *still a toy* Perfection:
Maybe buzz meets a western cowboy in the post credits scene back on earth
When the music kicked in it made it one billion times better no cap
When you upgrade your graphics card, toy story becomes Lightyear.
3 words: WOW
Is this another Toy Story movie? Pixar: yes'nt
Im your father
i like how they chose the song "starman"
Since this film is going to be a movie that exists IN the Toy Story universe, I'm looking forward for Pixar bloopers :')) Even if they won't be shown anyway
Huh, the first pixar movie that's really caught my attention within the past few years.
Nice to see Buzz flying for Weyland corp. Can't wait for the Aliens crossover flick. (The corporate logo on their shirts)
Animated with the help of Chinese labor camp prisoners?  It is from Disney, after all.
Did anyone see the pixar lamp constellation at 0:34 ?
I'm definitely going to watch this.  To Infinity.....AND BEYOND! 🚀
Anyone wondering, the song is Starman by David Bowie.
*TO THE INFINITY AND BEYOND* yes yes yes buzz the light year 🤩
Wow thos guys at Disney really know what they're doing. Able to keep releasing new movies with my favorite childhood characters and never missing the mark.
Awesome, can't wait until Jan 1st 2022 or Jun 20th 2022 or Dec 1st 2022 (Summer 2022)
If Rocket Man isn't on the soundtrack or in the movie I'm gonna be real disappointed.
everyone saw the whiteboard.  This is gonna be a time dilation plot
how does this work isn’t buzz a toy in toy story now he’s human 🤔 anyways this movie is probably going to change lives
The chad upgrade
1:29 beyond
Now this is hype
Some of the scenes have to be based off of some Star Wars scenes
"ANANTT SE BHI AAGE"
Is this going to be a real movie? BECAUSE I WANT TO WATCH IT!
this just broke everything about "your just a toy"
Loved music shoice
Disney: it’s a new movie called light year YouTube: it’s Toy story 4
To infinity, and... SUMMER 2022!
If Pixar makes a a movie about the origin of Woody. Woody should be voiced by Robert Downey Jr.
We need a movie about the origin of Woody now...
This is going to be good
I refuse to watch this movie they ruined buzz
I cant imagine what "Woody" would look like ❤❤..
Imagine that zurg is in the film
Buzz's classic rocketship somehow took off like Roger the Space Shuttle did for Mater's Apollo 13 rescue mission and he passed the Sun faster than WALL-E did on the self-pilot rocket just to recharge his solar energy gauge. A know a good song for this film: Elton John: RocketMan (I Think it's Going To Be a Long, Long Time). It even worked for his retirement trawl.
Couldve easily played space oddity
If all the animatronic details on the rides turned into that, they can be next and that would also summon more to replace the entertainers and costumists in every park all over the world. A special promotion for the entertainers and costumists will then thrall out so they won't stay fired. And of course, the exact matching outfit for all types with multiple copies will be made for all the animatronics coincidentally. It'll surely resemble all the CGI rendered versions of the Disney, Pixar, Marvel and Star Wars characters in Ralph Breaks the Internet.
I Can’t Wait For The New Buzz Lightyear Movie Next Year!
I now know why all the robots in the movie as well as others from other movies and shows, including the lucky first few in the parks are moving freely, talking random words, acting randomly and seeing randomly: they all feature artificial intelligence.
Really can’t believe we’re going to be in the year 2022.
I enjoyed watching the Defunctland video about the history of Buzz Lightyear of Star Command.
When Paul Jepleauquant the French paint artist (Rene Aberjonois) starts versing him, he will jump over him and flick paintballs all over his outfit; it'll resemble Buzz's jump over Zurg and laser-targeting him.
Frusco Shoarkle the Demon Biker, who I'll hire Armie Hammer (Mirror Mirror, The Lone Ranger and Cars 3) to voice is about as wicked as Emperor Zurg. His fingerless gauntlets each contain a disc launcher similar to the one in the Nintendo 64 version of Toy Story 2.
Herrero and Derrick who I'll hire Ed Harris (National Treasure: Book of Secrets and Planes: Fire And Rescue) and John Goodman (Monsters, Inc., Monsters University, The Jungle Book 2, The Princess and the Frog, The Flintstones and Kong: Skull Island) to voice look exactly like the gunslinger boss and blacksmith boss from the Nintendo 64 version of Toy Story 2 where Buzz Lightyear is the playable character.
Buzz's suit's red, green and blue seed-shaped buttons which were his audio-recorded voice simulator were cloned from Flora, Fauna and Merryweather from Sleeping Beauty and both Maleficent movies.
Whenever Stefano Fornaciari is attacked or grasped or strained, the quote "Buzz Lightyear to the Rescue" both in English and Italian will blare. It will sound like it did modernly instead of originally. Stefano was the first to encounter Buzz's legacy.
In Small Fry, there were the meal toy versions of Buzz and Zurg right in Poultry Palace.
In Toy Story 3, Zurg (without his blaster this time) arrived at Sunnyside Daycare with other toys as Barbie and Ken turned it cool and groovy and Sarge and his boys made it there.
In Toy Story 2, the scene where Zurg fires his ion blaster at Buzz and the Space Ranger jumps the emperor and targets him with his laser was created twice.
Brb im gonna go bleach my eyes
why is joe swanson walking
To Al's Toy Barn and beyond! To Bed, Bath and Beyond! To Brain, Bath and Beyond! To infinity and beyond!
Youtube: Ah yes, Toy Story 4.
The David Bowie song was a great chocie.
The alien bunnies, Wrench and Trianca witnessed Buzz Lightyear becoming partners with Warp Darkmatter.
Star Command will cameo in Time Shift with the International Space Station.
This movie could also be the pilot of the original animated cartoon, Buzz Lightyear of Star Command with Patrick Warburton voicing Buzz alongside the starter movie with the reprise of Tim Allen. I will hire Patrick Warburton to voice Gawain and I will see the entire show of Buzz Lightyear of Star Command to finish my second enjoyment of Disney Plus. Looked like Buzz had three different voicees like Thomas and Friends had three different narrations and appearance versions.
Chris Evans priorly played Steve Rogers/Captain America in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
This movie could take place way before WALL-E. The Space Race caused the sputnik with Neil Armstrong being the first to land on the Moon. One of the suits in this movie is themed like the title character's future toy self from the Toy Story franchise. Brought forth the title character himself! By and with his exact matching appearance!
You’ve got a friend in space
0:36 me stepping on the gas when there's 0 cars in front of me
I must say, this looks VERY promising! Can't wait.
In case anybody was wondering. When buzz is travelling at hyperspeed as shown at 1:08. Assuming 1 calender year is 525,600 minutes. Buzz would be travelling at about 99.999999999819% of the speed of light, which is about 299,792,457.9994574 m/s. The speed of light is 299,792,458 m/s.  For reference,  the Large Hadron Collider accelerates particles up to about 99.99999896% of the speed of light or about 299,792,454.9 m/s.
Me: I hate reboots of old properties Also Me: Never have I been more excited for something I didn’t know I needed.
Starman. Nice choice!
Getting mad Elite Dangerous vibes from that star-skirting maneuver.
this is how buzz lightyear was born. ^_^
Zurg: Buzz, I am your father.
Who ever disliked this was never a child
Buzz Lightyear Shippuden
I like the music
Looks good, but if the main duo has a falling out in the third act only to reconcile just in time for the climax I'm gonna need to have a Stern word with Mr. Pixar
"Once the astronauts went up, children only wanted to play with space toys!" Pixar/Disney are getting ready for the Artemis missions!
I have all the toy stories and all the toys I’m 15  😐  Buzz light year movie comes out: I NEED IT   It said 2022 😐🤬
We have little idea what the storyline is from this trailer, but you got me sold at Buzz Light Year and his catch phrase.
I can't tell if this is gonna be good or just a cash grab.
woody been real silent since this dropped.
Where is Zurg?
For anyone younger than 20 have them watch all toy story movies before seeing this so they can somewhat get the kid feeling we get watching this
This trailer made me feel 7 again. Thank you Pixar, I was worried that I had forgotten.
Yo where my man zurg at
Is this the Buzz based off of the 2000 series?
This will be very interesting.
Please bring this Movie in the Cinemas!
No
As a wise one once said “we aren’t aiming for the truck
I hope they don’t forget the squeaky aliens and Zurg!
is it just me or is buzz lightyear lookin like a chad
You almost made me cry again :')
Looks awesome
I wonder if Zurg is gonna be in this movie too. Or, if this movie does good and makes a sequel Zurg will be in that movie.
Somehow it gives me a goosebumbs, idk why I'm crying.
Looks like Blizzard hired Pixar to make a lighthearted Starcraft movie.
1:16 the spaceship we see rise, is not a "captured buzz" its the ship belonging to the robot walking up to it.
I dont wanna be that guy, but: For Woody, and the other Toy Story characters, they shared a common dream—being loved by a kid. and later on buzz learned that too and quoted, “Life's only worth living if you're being loved by a kid.” Dreams are an important part of our lives. The truth is that this movie doesn´t fit the franchise in fact it does the opposite. The whole character description of buzz lightyear was that he thought he was a real astronaut until, he learned the truth that he was a toy, built for kids to play with, atleast Woody and the other toys thought so. When Buzz did learn he was a toy he accepted the truth, the truth of life, it learned us viewers a good lesson, a good life lesson.
Anyone knows how I can like this twice?
“To infinity and .....your mom” No, just no
0:11 Do you people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered crystallic fusion?
I AM MORE HYPED UP THAN KIDS WHO WATCH CARTOONS!!!!!!!   Edit: he looks *c l e a n*
0:06 yo did he say joe biden
Finley  buzz lightyear gets his own movie
I've been waiting for this for like 20 years, thank you Pixar
It looks like he bites his lips when he activated hyperdrive
It’s technically toy story five👌🤨
This is official, buzz lightyear is officially a Chad with his Chad Chin
Perfect music choice for an amazing trailer. Haven't been this excited for an animated film since I was 11
Plot Twist: We watch Bonnie watching Lightyear.
halo reach anyone?
Chris Evan’s is gonna play Buzz in the new movie alley lightyear and its a origin movie of toy story
YOU ARE A TOY! YOU CAN NOT FLY!!!!
Spoiler: Captain marvel takes back her cat in the trailer
I can't stop watching this trailer, it's just so amazing.
Finally, some good movies
This just looks weird.
I can’t wait to see Buzz fall with style in 2022
beyond.
Zurg and aliens green?
Did Pixar forget about Buzz Lightyear Of Star Command (the Disney Channel Cartoon, not the Toy Story character)?
why ia 70% of the cast black. like, is this aset in south africa or something. what's going on here
This movie will be based on the story Buzz tells everyone in Toy Story, at Dinoco when Woody yells “YOU ARE A TOY!” after Buzz explains that he needs to get back to star command. Now we finally get to see that Buzz isn’t crazy.
Fun Fact: The director confirmed that this movie is basically going to be the exact movie that Andy saw in theaters which made him want the toy version in the first place.
epicness level: infinity and beyond
They should do a series like this but with woody. I would love to see the life of woody
Op teaser
Alright, i know that there's already a meme about this but what if its real that he gets transported into an alternate universe where he's an action figure?
That Bud Lightyear experience got me like
As a wise man once said, "we're not aiming for the truck".
At the last 10 mins, you see Andy is just imagining this story by playing with his toys lol
For anyone who's interested, the song used is David Bowie's 'Starman'
The only thing I got out of this trailer was that Buzz isn't bald and he was never really apart of star command 😂
“this isn’t flying ! This is falling with style” lol
Now all we need is Woody Roundup, the origin story like Buzz lightyear. I bet Woody will be the voice by Robert Downey Jr.
This should end with Andy in college crying with nolstagia
Jeff Bezos the Movie
Just imagine if zurg is the villian in the movie
I thought Buzz was a toy.
1:21 DOOM: BuzzLightyear
I was not expecting this to be a hype as it was
Everybody is joking about this, but can we talk about how amazing this sounds like it's going to be?? Not to mention how cool it looks
I think that Pixar is gonna have all their movies on Ryanair flights
Plss in Disney +
Starman not fit much to the trailer, you know. It's too light and chill. Space oddity would fit better
two words: love it
What’s with the constant name shortening for movie titles and TV series? Would it be so horrible to call it Buzz Lightyear?
Please dont spoil it for us.
Bowie as a soundtrack 🤩❤️❤️
1:30 ayy they touching tips😂
Where is Tim? Let's go Brandon
wow buzz kinda looks weird without the suit  also woody movie when
I Agree!
The lines said at the start of this trailer got me into this... I'm really enthusiastic about any Apollo-like communications.
i swear if we see zurg im going to die
Dr Diabolical's Cliffhanger Opens summer 2022 | Six flags fiesta texas
This actually looks epic
Good trailer
lightyear more like dripyear 🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵
Bro if this is good they could make the tcu (toy cinematic universe)
All those years of academy training will finally not go to waste!
ngl buzz be looking extra fine
Can someone please make the entire trailer audio a song on Spotify? This hits different.
Is it next June already? 🤔🤌🏻🤌🏻🤌🏻
Didn't know fortnite had a remaster
so this is the film that makes andy got buzz but i have to know since the graphic in this a very different from toy story for andy is this a movie or a film
Woody: Hey Guys look it's  the real Buzz Lightyear .  Buzz: Um excuse  me  *pulls up this trailer in  Andy's room *
Can’t believe they made a movie about a tire company
The new Star Wars trailer is looking pretty good
I can’t wait to see Buzz fly instead of falling with style!
Omg I can’t wait for this!! I’ve been wondering what his story was for years now! :O
David Bowie ❤️
I can't think of a better song for this character. 🥺 R.I.P David Bowie, you're still making history.
This all started with a boy who got too old for toys
Space Force
We’re going to Infinity and Beyond next summer!
Ohhh this looks good👀
This movie is not based on the Buzz Lightyear toy figure… the toy figure comes from this move.
This is how you do a trailer right.
I think buzz lightyear is a person who is done important jobs in Disney world, then they decide to make a toy about that person and now we have buzz lightyear toy which is in the toy story movie
Is tim alan voicing him? It looks good but i might feel different about it if hes not.
It feels like there’s definitely gonna be some emotional weight in this movie
I didn't think this was real  But I'm glad it is it looks super good
Ah yes the classic line: "to infinity and summer 2022"
1:23 my favorite riff of them all
yes
..l. But lightyear!?!!
this is so random
Bro Joe Swanson got his own movie
Can't wait to see this in spanish
I was genuinely expecting Yoda to appear @ 0:57 :D
I love it
we need toy story 5
and what?
No offense to Chris Evans, but Tim Allen will always be Buzz Lightyear to me.
When I saw the meme I thought the animation was wack but now that I look at it I can see this looks pretty dope
Imagine that in the end of the movie we see that the full movie is the dream of toy buzz lightyear😂
I feel like someone at the prod has good memories of Reach ..
buzz lightyear to infinity and beyond
"Hey woody"
this should have been done many years ago but it's okay
he looks like a little boy
this animation is really beautiful
Wondering if they will include Warp Darkmatter at some point
For a second there I thought he was gonna die when he was flying into the star but then I realised this movie is for men
of course they would sell action figures of this guy.
Бесканечнасть - не пердел!
Right into the sun O_O
1:22 This Pic goes Hard feel free to Screenshot
Yayyy buz lightyer
One of the best animation trailer i have ever seen
They have to make the Woody's Roundup-series from Toy Story 2 too. And end is as they jump across the chasm. That would be so awesome.
Yes, black stronk female, exactly what we need..... *Sighs*
Sudah engak sabar menantinya
Cancel culture took Tim Allen out
To this day, i still remember the plot twist  Buzz : Who are you Zurg : I AM YOUR FATHER Buzz : NOOoooooooo............     A moment later Buzz : DADDY!
Not really a toy though is he
Spoiler      Buzz lightyear is from toy story:√
What alien technology were these scenes rendered with? Everything is absolutely stunning as usual with Pixar! Love the nod to Bowie as well
Starman mixed perfectly with this.
I hate Pixar so much
Everyone knows that it was in toy story 2
Zig: I am your father. Buzz: No, that can’t be it’s impossible!
I think this movie I waiting too long my childhood dream.
There's starman really make it awesome reminds me the Martian 🔥❤️
beyond
Is There A Cowboy Movie🤣
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya
buzz lightyears origin story
I'm hyped
It’s so amazing that Disney & Pixar is bringing my fave Toy Story Character to life  😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 A Space Man with a backstory we never know but, now it’s about to be revealed on how he earned the name “Buzz Lightyear” 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻😭😭😭😭 Thank you So Much Disney & Pixar
So his got any laser beam?
Could you imagine if they redid Mission Space based on this?
At the end of the movie there prob gonna show when buzz/light year meets woody
to infinity and Summer 2022 is a weird catchphrase but okay
Need woody own story too
So basically... The buzz lightyear toy is based off of an astronaut thats basically a role model to children? 🤔
Imagine if a post-credit scene appears and it’s just a remake of the Buzz Lightyear commercial
David Bowie music 💖
I'm sad that Buzz isn't going to be played by Patrick Waburton lol
towards infinity and beyond
1:22 hey Peter
no. it cant be true. I can fly if I wanted to :(
This is unironically awesome
1:14
No Tim Allen? Nothing against Chris Evans, but he's not Buzz Lightyear.
Me: WHY HE LOOK LIKE BUZZ Movie trailer: because he is 1:20 ;)
Quick question— Who asked for this? I’m genuinely curious.
Is crazy how i know what he was gonna say at the end
Years of academy training wasted
Will this Lightyear movie definitely be available on Disney Hotstar+? If there is, I can't wait to watch it
0:56 they can get away with taking degobah becuase its a disney movie now
Buzz Yogurt Light the movie
I'm very disappointed... in myself for not knowing about this sooner
Next summer's gonna be great!! ^^ Will Zurg be in this?
Zamn! 😍
Whoever picked the song deserves a raise
I can wait to see this movie🤩
This trailer is dope feel free to screenshot
I think it’s probably buzz light years dad or sum
Nooo, that’s impossible
"Are you people still using fossil fuel or you've discovered crystallic fusion?" - Buzz Lightyear, 1995  The bigger question is, which one of the 3 is canon and referencing the other as pop culture? Toy Story or Buzz Lightyear Of Star Command or Lightyear?
To infinity and my childhood. Thanks Pixar.
plot twist he flyes into a worm hole and goes into the toy story universe
This one could be the one, Pixar's best film ever...
He Can Fly!
OH MY LORD WHY DOES THIS ACTUALLY LOOK GOOD OMG I CANT WAIT TILL THIS COMES OUT
This animated Buzz looks exactly like George Eads (CSI and MacGyver)
Is it just me or they made buzz light year like an cartoon version of andy bernard from the office?
So this is how Andy got buzz   It all makes sense
Is he going to the Axiom?
The use of David Bowie hit hard.
Бесканечностьнипридел?
Looks like one of the best Pixar efforts in so long tbh!
Haven't they already made a Buzz Lightyear movie, though? Like In 2002 or so?
"To Infinity, and....Beyond."
Is this a kids movie or an adult film? Geez.
finally
So basically We'll end up watching an animated movie that was made in an animated movie.
BEYOND!
Epic
vaya menton tiene el buzzis loko
This Buzz Lighter In This Movie Version Looks So Much Cursed And The Weridest Then Ever... ... Hate It Man... Hate It... 😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒
Well this is cursed
Among Us official
Zurg’s army robots look like gundams
Captain America is going on his space adventures!
Blender can make better i believe
If you put sunglasses and a red hat on that redneck his racism increase by 90% give him a  Home Depot Tiki Torch for an extra 10%
If Tim Allen doesn’t make a cameo I’m not coming
Buzz Astartes
This is gonna be sick
THERE'S A SNAKE IN MY BOOT Wait too soon?
Plot twist: he travels beyond light speed and enters a warm while which takes him to a different reality where he becomes a toy.
Yes Buzz Lightning
He did not just went through that sun 😂
PPLEASE, after-credits scene showing a commercial starring the actor voiced by Chris Evans who portrays the character Buzz Lighyear holding up and promoting his own toy based on his role in the movie, pressing the button and hearing the voice of a different actor played by Tim Allen come out and saying, "That doesn't sound like me."
Why am I crying
Half an Orange - Buzz Lightyear (WRLD Remix) .   I wanna hear this song on this movie.
So this is a movie about the real buzz lightyear and his lore and not about Andy's toy?
Is buzz not a toy 😭😭😭???
To be honest, I am a little apprehensive about this film.
1:15 Buzz is holding the cat-bot while being stealthy.
Yeah Buzz is fancy and all but I want to know the origin story of Mr. Potato Head. A dystopian future Sci-Fi where humans somehow messed up and ended up combining Human and potato DNA creating a new species and how the two different species interact in society.
This is a lighting MasterClass !
EPIC
plot twist: the movie ends up with buzz lightyear possessing the toy for all of eternity
Imagine at the end of the movie shows Andy and his mom watching this movie in theatre, this explains why Andy was desperately want to have buzz lightyear toy, that would be the biggest plot twist in history   Edit : This also explains why there is futuristic toy in the year of toy story which is 1995 cmiiw
You are toy
Will it be a Movie in a Movie?
This is what we need
End-To Infinity and _______
:PLOT TWIST:  It's not actually a movie about the character that Buzz the toy is based on, this is all in Buzz's head and at the end of the movie we see him rocking himself to sleep in a white padded toybox.
吹き替えは所ジョージで
No Tim Allen ... no audience .
ı dont get it, is this going to show us how did he earned to become a toy?
Plot twist: He got caught by a wormhole which teleported him to an alternate dimension and he became a toy
And what? The suspense is killing me!
so faltava ele falar "voce e?"
we need a woody roundup movie now asap
There had better be an evil emperor Zurg in this movie, is all I'm saying.
Jejak
Glad its not another Toys Story
I hope he will meet woody
First the toy, then the movie. Once done right.
But why?
Ngl, this looks amazing
Why does this guy looked like Buzz from "Toy Story"?
*Buzz begins traveling back in time around the sun* Buzz:"Mira. Booster. XR." *tinted visor down* Buzz:"Hang in there. I'll be back."
No
Why I have that cash grab feeling?
We need a potatoe head movie next
This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot.
Now I have to see a humanized Woody and Jesse
I love how The use The music🤩 1:15
This is mind blowing
Finally a space film ❤️
The best is that, knowing it comes from Pixar, the story is gonna be cool too.
Oh we better see zurg, and it BETTER be his father 😲😲😲😲
This couldn't have been any better, I must say that I am impressed
Buzz proved woody wrong
🚀 to the future of Oscar winning.
Calling the twist at the end: it was all in a kids imagination and the astronaut is actually a toy.
There's a starman waiting in the sky..
I what to see Emperor Zurg
*to infinity.. and beyond...*
This is actually a really good idea!! as long as they can get the same voice actor from the movies I'll be fine with this.
Tim Allen should still play buzz
Woke garbage. Also Tim Allen not as buzz is a joke.
I...I...I don't know how to react to this
Thoose who tasted the bite of his sword called him doom slayer
Beyond.....
Buzz Lightyear + Time Travel = Zurg
This trailer came out on my birthday
STARMAN PLAYING OHMYHDODDRDDD
Snotty buzzlight year glow up
This reminds me of interstellar
The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
E for epic
So that's why buzz was serious in the beginning of toy story
now  i know how buzz hair look like 🗿
bro he looks like the super hero from mega mind except it is his distant cousin lol.
giving me top gun vibes
The biggest cliffhanger ever: "to infinity...and-"
BEYOND !!!
Let's say one more time Annant se bhi aage 😌
"To DOOM and beyond."  -Buzz Lightslayer.
Buzz was always the star in toy story
That aint buzz lightyear thats cuhhlightyear
David Bowie goes so hard with this trailer
Block-Booster
To infinity an beyond.
I Hope That Pixar Don't Take The Like Ratio Of This Video Too Literally And Indirectly Just Keep Rehashing The Same Cast Of Characters From Toy Story Through Individual Origin Based Movies Because I Can See Redundancy Playing A Pivotal Role To Others' Interest Waning Over Time (As Such Though) Like They Can Still Retain The Tone That The Teaser Above Is Going For On Other New IP That They're Also (Possibly) Working On (As Well) So That In Turn Their Audience Or The General Public (That Is) Doesn't Necessarily Lose Interest In Their Future Projects (As Well Also Too Though)
Are we having a wild west Woody next?
Does this mean Zerg will make an appearance?
“We choose to go to the Moon…and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too.” - JFK  This teaser definitely evokes The Right Stuff, Farscape, and a little bit of Star Trek. I most definitely approve.
and suddenly a Cowboy
"To infinity and summer 2022".
Noticed that Buzz is the only white person in this entire trailer......
IDK why, but I get Halo vibes from this trailer.
To infinity and Beyond
Anyone else notice how much the song in this, "Spaceman" or whatever, sounds like "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" at parts?
im getting chipotle do you want gauc or cheese??
brooooooooooooo
make a woody movie with the Rond up gang
Sorry, but we really don't need to know Buzz Lightyear's origin story, especially when it looks this underwhelming.
My toy story fan boy side has been turned up too infinity and beyond Edit: the film was not exactly the best Pixar film but I liked it for what it was and even though it was very confusing I had a good time with it Edit 2: yeah I’ve changed my mind on this film and it is garbage
Hey Peter
This will be a wholesome movie.
it'd be funny if when he gets his uniform, he gets a second hand uniform, and the guy before him wrote his name on the bottom of his boots ..   and that name was Andy
Everyone saying that he might be the one guy that buzz lightyear is based on, but the technology used in the trailer its like way too advanced for it to be like in the 2000
Imagine if Pixar puts an ending where the human version of Buzz Lightyear meets the toy version of himself from the 4 Toy Story films.
I wish I wish, I wish, 🙏 that for every one who drops a comment will have some truly amazing experiences while they dream tonight.
Wait this was real
Song??
Bro... I love David Bowie
If this movie mean we eventually get to see Mira Nova in this style, I'll call it a win
WHAT ABOUT ZURG
imagine this was the first buzz light year movie then toy story is the sequel because he entered a wormhole to an another universe lol
Wow, it's buzz lightyear in toys story ? Amazing..
I keep coming back to this trailer… the music gives me goosebumps.
Not Tim Allen......
Just hope this is a Buzz film about the character we all grew uk and have nostalgia for, not this new WoC that you see at the end, i don't care about her story, im here for my childhood toy
I like the implication that in the Toy Story universe the toymakers couldn't secure the film actor to do the recording session for the toy line.
when will this start soon?
That’s fantastic. I wanna see it
Call of duty infinite warfare
Nobody needed this
I realize the irl toys made of the lightyear movie are probably gonna be the new toys in toystory 5
1:17 I wonder who that is...
whys the background music done by pound land david bowie its not like pixars a small studio surely they could afford to license the real one?
When I was 7, I tuned into my first episode of "The Six Million Dollar Man". Seeing this teaser trailer gave me the same feels as seeing the opening sequence of "Six Mill". Well, I mean...without all the crashing...and the operations...and the "having to rebuild him" and junk.
All those memes about him being black and crip
Buzz looks like he’s the first person to take the Sabre for a spin
Loool! 😮
Alicia: To Infinity....  Buzz: And... Woody: BEYOND !
Not my buzz lightyear
One day we should also get a woody’s round up spin off too.
Cool, I’ve wanted a movie like this ever since star command
Why is he kinda fine
Was not expecting that twist lol
Extreme plot twist: *This is just one of Andy’s or Bonnie’s play sessions* Oof if that actually turns out true then I have no words 👀 😆
To infinity…and…SUMMER 2022
i actually love the atmosphere and environment .
I grew up watching Toy story two religiously I am all for this
I wonder if Zurg will be the main antagonist? Or if he'll at least be mentioned at some juncture as part of the lore
This looks really good, but honestly, it also makes me a little sad. Even though the Buzz Lightyear toy is probably not *this* Buzz Lightyear, these events are probably the memories he has. "Toy Story" is about that toy thinking that he's this Buzz Lightyear and then realizing those memories are fake, and that he's just a toy.
So they are doing stories on each toy story character 😍😍😍
i want this movie now, looks absolutely stunning. just the teaser has so much soul to it
Buzz
Buzz Lightyear is, without a fraking doubt in my mind, one of my MOST ABSOLUTE favorites in the Toy Story series!!!!!  I ABSO-FRAKING-LUTELY can't wait and looking REAL forward towards this one
The movies just gonna end with showing bonnie was just playing with buzz
Hard pass with no tim allen.
Why do I feel a strong sense of Pixar wanting shock value based on Buzz's new realistic appearance.
So is the show Cannon or???
People saying it doesn't look exactly like the "real" Buzz Lightyear doesn't understand that *this* is the *real* Buzz Lightyear and the character from Toy Story is a toy from the Buzz Lightyear franchise
Imagine in the end after saving the universe, he will just rest in a farm and meet Woody
AYO
Okay so aliens and living toys exist in the same universe? Are the toys ALIENS?
There's a starman waiting in the sky His name is buzz lightyear My friends don't want to see this movie But I don't know why  #best movie trailer I so wanna see this
Never imagined that i could be hyped over this but, hey...
PREDICTION: DISNEY'S NEXT-"WOODY"(A western)
that wasn't flying, it was falling with style
The music was so perfect for this
I think this is a movie that exists in the Toy Story universe. The animation is a different style from most Toy Story films, and Buzz is implied to be solely fictional based on the time window.
i’m gonna cry
Rewinding memories 😌
This looks terrifying..
It's that Movie and Series now
So does that mean zurg is some evil interplanetary dictator in this movie?
1:22 you can kinda hear the disney pixar cars theme, I don't know why did they add that but okay 😂
Buzz's voice is like the bride side guy
Okay I'm gonna watch this
cool but the trailer should be in 4k
The rocket in the beginning low key reminds me of the rocket in Halo: Reach
is this halo?
Maybe we’ll see Andy as a kid admiring Buzz. 😁😁❤️
Closest version to a Disney Doom Guy!
Where is the Woody Western????
Woody should be next in his own film!
please be a good movie please please please please
Cuzz Lightyear
so, this movie existed in the 90's?
Well that person looks like his name is Buzz Lightyear in the movie “Lightyear.”
Wow I just realized buzz's voice is pretty high
I can't wait for it
To infinity and beyond :- "Anant se bhi aage" Always brings back childhood.
I wish Tim Allen was the one acting out his voice
I like Chris in other roles but... we want Tim Allen.
thats not buzz
😎 what happening 🤝
Looks depressingly mediocre to me - hope I am wrong
Didn't know an animation movie trailer could be that perfect.
we need a character revamp like for revamp
ALSO HE HAS HAIR????
DONT MAKE ME START RUMORS
THIS IS GONNA BE LIKE A PARAMOUNT THING
Oh no this has gone too far Pixar WE NEED A RE CHARACTER
At first it sounds like Homeworld the game. the music fits perfectly. it looks fantastic and I hope the film was mainly aimed at more adult Pixar fans.  I'm really looking forward to it.
Someone give me the remix of the starman song pls!
That better be Emperor Zurg who comes out of that chamber...
background music is the same in Martian movie
“To infinity and beyond” the greatest line of my childhood.
woody: you are a toy
to infinity and beyond
Youtube: Ah this is Toy Story 4
I feel like everyone’s thinking this is a backstory of a “real person” in the toy story universe, but forgetting that we have random toys with WILD fake backstories, and toys based off of movies in real life. This being in the Toy Story universe could literally mean that it’s a fictional movie IN the universe, as in the movie itself is a movie Andy would have watched as a kid, that ended up having toys made so his mom got him one cause he liked it so much.
David Bowie’s Starman make me want to watch this movie
Lightyear drop million 10000000000000000000000 lucario
Buzz is not bald?
Why everyone except buzz is black?🙄🧐
Se o Briggs não dublar isso, vou virar num louco!
TOY story 5 please 😭😭😭
Hindi trailer
To the infinity and beyond!
This trailer never gets old
I have a feeling this buzz lightyear is really a real person and a national hero that's why they make a action figure out of him.
... Beyond
new buzz lightyear just looks like boss baby grown up.
why i laugh
My idea why they chose Chris Evans for the voice of buzz? You know how In real life the woody toys are voiced by Jim hanks and not Tom?   Maybe in the toy story universe, the “real” buzz light year voice (Chris Evans) was too busy so they hired Tim Allen to do the voices for the toys and merchandise.  Thus the toy buzz has a different voice  Would be a great plot idea
2022 year people hello 😁
Whats the name of the song.
nice
1:03 I bet this guy is voiced by idris elba
Anjir gw kira ini toy story 5, ternyata kisah asli buzz , keren buzznta jadi ganteng, grafiknya kerenwe
good soundtrack
So nobody's gonna talk about how he turned from a toy to a full grown human..?
Cant wait.
... beyond
Ah yes Youtube,   *Toy Story 4*
I wish they both said beyond at the end....
Looks very cool and a backstory would be cool for buzz.  But why is Disney and Pixar working together?  Edit: Nevermind Disney bought Pixar and have been partners since 2006.  My childhood is ruined, I always saw Disney and Pixar as rivals.
The new halo reach looks good
oh i know my lil nephew will want to see this if his parent's don't take him to see it i will. because well Pixar and Love Toy Story Franchise. i hope it makes me cry. sure don't seem to make the lil kiddo's cry(pixar films) i only just heard of this movie today i been sick so haven't done much already got 2 other movies i want take the kiddo to also
0:57 yoda might make a appearance in the movie
They have to come out with a woody movie now
Why does this feel dark
The Toy Story prologue
Did they retcon buzzlight and star command cartoon out of existence? Screw this movie.
I hope this movie is as good as the buzz lightyear of Star command movie. Also it better have warp darkmatter
Itss a starmannn
The story doesn't matter to me. If they can elicit the feeling this trailer gives off, they've made a masterpiece.
This is kinda legit not gonna lie
BUZZ! ON YOUR LEFT! What? BA-! 😂
Whoa.......Pixar has reached such a brilliant level of animation....it's speechless
Why won't Tim Allen voice him? 😞
Does anyone know the music they used for the trailer?
Glad they didn’t use Cygnus X-1 😔
Um the first question that I'd like to ask is why?!
Ay we get some Zurg
Hopefully XR and booster are in it would be great for them to make an appearance or have the first aliens buzz meets are the little green men
next woody
This trailer gives me the most hope for humanity I’ve had in a long time
I can’t wait
The animation🤯
if there is a real buzz i wanna see a real woody and if there is then im excited
Can't wait for the I Am Your Father reference
To infinity and beyond cap
I’m so excited to see this
I can't wait until they get a movie for Woody..
This trailer goes so hard, feel free to screencap
You are a sad sad little man  -Buzz Lightyear
Space Force!
1:02 Commander Nebula
upcoming doom game looks cool
This animation is godly
Buzz lightyear's backstory
is that other ship titan ae?
Over it.
that aint buzz lightyear thats buzz darkmonth
I dont know, i never boring watch this trailer
WHERE'S ZURG
This worse than the Adance Warfare Release trailer. Smh.
They turned him to buzz shinemonth
Wait! THAT person is NOT Buzz!
Out among the stars I've sailed∼ Way beyond the moon∼ In my silver ship I sailed,  A dream that ended too soon∼
an entire planet at 1:8 scale
millenials when they dont make one about woody: peace was never an option
That David Bowie music 🤌
David Bowie - Starman  Song  Musica
Is this a kids movie cus Jesus
pixar has to make woody the cowboy
I like to imagine that, essentially, there was a live action scifi movie made in the (animated) Toy Story Universe in the 80s. Then in the 90s. within this animated Toy Story universe, an "animated" Buzz Lightyear show was made (the one we, in this universe, saw in the form of "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command, came out in 2000 and had four seasons.) and the toy Andy has was based on THAT show. Meanwhile, Andy in present day watches a "reboot" of Buzz Lightyear, in theaters, live action (in the Toy Story universe), and  that is what THIS is. Why he looks more realistic, more like the human characters within Toy Story.
1:26
I love space so much this gave me the chills
I cant stop... that song... ugh, its so good!
Recommended video from youtube 😇 bcz youtube knows i am space lover :)
This is the guy who directed the Toy Story short films, looking forward to this major full-length movie
To infinity and beyond !!!!!!!!!!
1:07  They're about to pull an _Interstellar_ on us 😭
Hey peterrrrrrr!
for the life of me i can't tell if this is a good or bad movie
I literally just learned about this movie, and now I really want to see it
I cannot stop watching this trailer.
Hope there is a cameo for the toy story franchise since that how buzz light year became popular😁
Me when he doesnt say and beyond >:(((( &#$%^%&&
I'm willing to wait for something with Woody, Jessie and Bullseye by Pixar and Disney like this time.
This looks cool but where's Woody?
This Doom Prequel looks fun!
This is very political
Going to suck
Buzz Lightyear comes back
STORY.
Turns out this is a movie in toy story and that is what the toy was based on in the toy story universe
we finally know what buzz's hair looks like
LETS GOOOOOO PIXAR DID GOOD
They had an excess of  Buzz Lightyear toys who wasn't sold, so they had to do this movie to empty their stock.
Wow, I haven't been this excited for a Pixar movie in a while.
i like to think that this is a movie that exists within Toy Story that the Buzz toy was based off of and now the movie is coming to real life
Can I see a Wall-E reference or two in this movie?
Bro what
If this is the back story behind buzz's character, will there be a movie based off Woody? Maybe a full movie animated like the "Woody's Roundup"? That would be cool!
The origin story of the man behind the toy. That's actually a great idea! And it's obvious we'll get a "Woody" at some point too    Edit: It'd be awesome if this was also just another one of Andy's play sessions
I need two things. I need Zerg. And then I need the LGM's. Also, I'm half expecting Buzz's death at the end of this movie, to have a legend to base the toy off of. I view this as the Toy Story "live action" retelling of the toy's legend. In which case, sadly, we won't get a Woody western since he didn't have a legend. His backstory was explained in Toy Story 2. And everyone else is just toys that already existed, so they don't have a backstory.
This will actually be psychological thriller about Buzz Lightyear not accepting the reality of being a toy in a box (Prequel to Andy), so he creates a whole reality for himself, he lives in a dream.  That's why in Toy Story 1 he always said he wasn't a toy.
Yeaaaa
1:22 boogay
why is this so dramatic
The animation is so good, i really thought this was a love death and robots episode at first.
Music is like w-le
Yes
But why though
beyond
Hindi mein release
This is like Buzz Lightyear but as a human... I love the idea!
My prediction is the twist will be the same as the "Lego Movie" where they were all just legos being played by a kid... This is some kid (not andy) playing with buzz lightyear and other toys... And this will probably be a different Buzz not the one Andy used to play with.
Ok, after Wall-e, I think this will be my second favorite Pixar movie... I dont know, Wall-e still stands out in my heart and soul...
I bet wall e exist in this universe 🙌
Seeing buzz's hair is freaking me out
Best trailer I’ve seen in a while. Absolute masterpiece.
“One minute you're defending the whole galaxy, and suddenly you find yourself suckin' down Darjeeling with Marie Antoinette and her little sister. [the headless dolls wave] Don't you get it?! You see the hat?! I am Mrs. Nesbitt!!
a cute end credit scene of buzz the toy turning off the tv after watching the movie… he feels emotional because he feels like he’s lived up to his name
I'm sure that 20/30 year olds will be largest audiece in cinema again... 💙😅
0:46-0:53 can’t wait to see zurg in the new movie next year.
...why?
cool
I’m so lost
Now we need woody
if this is a success then pixar should also make cowboy woody : a sheriff
someone said be there or be square, and he wasn't there.
I know that you guys hate the animated series, but come on, let it go. Let people legally get the chance to experience it. Even if its now gonna be non-canon
After 27 years we finally know that he has hair
I love buzzlightyear
Now we finally know buzz has hair XD
This film is like starwars
And beyond
Pixar has come very far since toy story, this animation is amazing, and we've been hyped for this since 1998... I see other films like this with origins of other characters who became toys soon, and I just wanna say, congrats to pixar, after having some failures, the original got story script, massive hits they are finally here.
I... actually want to see this. We get to live through Andy's childhood, and see why he loved Buzz Lightyear so much.
David Bowie ❤
We've never seen his hair, he looks like such a sweet Chad.
The halo movie we all deserve
This looks awesome 🔥🔥
Buzz look an alien!!!! 🔪
Kinge bro
DAVID BOWIE ❤️❤️❤️❤️💕
This looks great! I hope Pixar makes a “Woody” movie next.
I do not trust today's writers to not ruin this.
I didn’t know Joe Swanson became a spaceman
Can nobody see how much of a desperate milking this is?
I'm glad they didn't name it buzz
So this is like the modern realistic version of Buzz Lightyear of star command, that cartoon show from 20 odd years ago. Looking forward to it 👍
This is visualy outstanding, pixar keeps getting better!
1:17 wait... Is that Zurg?
1:21 *Buzz blinks and then notices that someone spray canned on the suit, "YOU.ARE.A.TOY!"*  Buzz: DARN IT, WOODY!!
no
It will be awesome if pixar made a movie with all the toy story  characters in their real life as it should be.
Voiced by Chris Pratt
So Cap being in the moon is really true.
Surf is light years father we all knew in one of the old toystorys
This trailer goes so hard. Feel free to screen record
Buzz lightyear to the rescue.
So this is the origins of buzz
I wonder if zurg has any part in this?🤔
I hope this is will be good. I know what Disney has done before.
Buzz lightyear glowup 🥶
Imagine an entire universe, like Marvel. Each character with their own movie or movies, leading up to one big movie
It looks the same as all 2010 or newer disney/pixar movies... God i miss good old animations.
This is more like Buzzlight Year RTX On
It going to be weird seeing buzz in his actual element.
But where is Woody
Incredible, Phenomenal
to infinity and...summer 2020 bruh
He better land on a planet where rats are allowed to have restaurants!
Please don't be woke please don't be woke please don't be woke
Mano pixar tu e a disney dá um otimo par que filme bom só pelo treiler já deu pra ver... continuem fazendo filmes assim vlw por nos alegrar a cada filme vvs fizeram minha infância. Tank you😁
buzlightyear
Me who grew up watching toy story and seeing human buzz lightyear for the first time
This is a flawless spinoff clip, when is the official trailer coming
To infinity and beyond
Star Wars + Pixar and Disney = Lightyear
look how they have masacred my boy...
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Well this confirms it Avengers 5 is gonna be called Avengers: Beyond
never say these movies are for little kids.
This looks like it was animated by Walt Disney Animation Studios instead of Pixar.
Starman looking like younger thor.
Mka nonton tapi nanti habis ujian
Lost it at those Zurg's hench-bot-looking dudes in the background  1:17
I hope McDonald’s will have Disney/Pixar Lightyear Happy Meal toys
After their done with this movie they are going to make a woody movie
This trailer goes so hard fell free to screen record
This goes so hard May i screenshot?
space marines
Pov: Buzz goes to a different dimension where he becomes a toy
Im hyped, love buzz lightyear
we better get some references to the star command series
Not what i was expecting from the best character in toy story
What I love from the trailer David Bowie's epic song.  0:32 and 0:45 The shaking in the pilot's cockpit.  0:52 The sand stuck in the window glass.  0:57 The textures from the ground and mist 1:05 The air breaks.
RTX ON
this is the story of buzz lightyear, so cool
Plot twist: this movie will be what Buzz thought his life was. It'll end with him waking up, on Andy's bed. He panics and realizes he's no longer home. And Toy Story happens.
THIS LOOKS AMAZING
Kinda sad it's not Tim Allen voice acting buzz :c
Why is everyone around Lightyear black or latin? Last time I knew most americans where white and blond. Or maybe this scifi 3d animation story occurs in Brazil?
Woody: YOU-ARE-A-TOY!! Buzz: Not today!
The moment buzz spacesuit on screen, tears…  Im 40 years old man and I grew up with toy story- story line. So emotional is in order
I really love watching at 1080p
ehh something just doesn't feel right about this
1:12 gore in a pixar movie? shame on you
When you turn RTX On
Hmmm why is this is like Star Wars?
Can't wait to see
Spartan look different
This is my 23rd tim watching this....
Smoke them a kipper, Pixar's back for breakfast.
Sheessssshhhh
They can't help themselves, can they? Spin off after spin off. Be original!
Where's this taking place? Africa!
Woody origin please
Ima laugh if buzz is reacting too this at the end on a television like when him and rex played buzzs video game lol
i’m confused, isn’t he a toy?
it it me or does the suit look more like the doom preator suit?
Just when you thought they couldn't milk it anymore
When is this releasing in indian theatres..... I'm gonna watch it...... the most futuristic cartoon trailer ever......
So how come he ended up as a toy?
Beyond!
I really hope Nova and Darkmatter are in this.
What have they done
😂I screamed "& beyond" at d end
he flys like one of those crazy ssto pilots in ksp
This song reminds me of the martian movie ❤️
STARCOMMAND
I'll definitely enjoy this movie... But I'll be very surprised if it beats the one that came out back in the day: "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins."   I don't have a VCR, but I still have that tape.
So, I wonder if Zurg will be the main antagonist.
와우🤪 버즈 실사판#~
ara ara~ so this is what the fuss is all about
Hey guys look! It's the Real Buzz Lightyear!
Expecting a Western called "Woody" now
Spoiler alert Zurg is lightyears father
I love this part 1:20 it's so satisfying to see the name logo change and align with the music. With that said, thank you to everyone who worked on this movie. Everyone who played a role in the music, sound, voice acting, space advisors, animators (especially the animators!) Story board designers and movie director. Thank you, I can't wait to watch this movie!
TO INFINITY AND WHAT i'm so upset pls pixar to infinity and what
Im here just because of david bowie
Amazing! Kids will never know how good they have it.
HE HAS HAIR????????
What's the song? Thankyou!
WE WANT ZURG
Wow am I excited for this!   My only problem is that they said that it they were pressurizing the cabin before he even boarded or they closed the hatch. I doing think that’s possible lol
The music (starman) reminds me of The Martian ft. Matt Damon
Too awesome!
"To infinity and...." "Avengers a...."
Wow... I'm an Adult and I'm excited about this film.
Nah ini film zaman gw kecil buz lightyer and woody
Captain America body with  Lightyear
Make Disney Original Again. Looks like they are meeting the demand. Definitely gonna go see in theaters.
annant se bhi aangae............;)
0:22 when your mum finds out you blocked her toilet:
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
In tears!!! Buzz made his dreams come true! Black girl astronaut love!!!!🙌🏾 Excited for this!
I know that it’s just not going to be the same without Tim Allen voicing Buzz.
I think choosing a different voice actor for buzz was a good idea. As much as I love Tim Allen as Buzz, I want this movie to go in a different direction and tone than the Toy Stories. Hard to do that with suhc a recognizable voice like Tim's
Buzz has hair…….
"Hey boss, we've written a new story about a character who's an astronaut." "No, just write a new story for a character you invented 26 years ago. And you can't say anything bad about the U.S. Military or space program, or else we'll lose funding from the government. And the cast has to have a strong female lead, but the cast can't be all women. Oh, and we should be a strong African-American role in there, but he has to be a sidekick, not a lead character either." "So... just like every other movie we've put out?" "Yeah, pretty much."
Ok but look at those visuals tho 👀
1:18 for anyone wondering. . . These are Zerg Droids
Pixar isn’t the same since the greedy executives at Disney got rid of John Lassiter. He created Toy Story, its characters and 3D movies.
No, why was the voice of Buzz Lightyear not done by Tim Allen, he IS Buzz Lightyear.
Actually I am glad that we got to see light years HAIR
Finally, a masterpiece that is not live-action
Bahan ka loda Disney ese likh ke deta hai  this movie is not rated yet  Jaise ki ise 50+ ki rating dene wala ho
I guess those years of academy training really paid off
Now this is the right stuff!!!!!!! 🖤 ground control 🧿🧿!!!!!!!!!!!!🦾🦾⚡️🧬 STRUYA!!!!!!!!!
Hello! ;)
I cant belive there is a movie, for Buzz LightYear! I am soo Excited!!!😍😍😍
The animation looks so real tho
So whens the WOODY'S ROUNDUP movie coming out?
Is that a David bowie song? Sounds like his voice
Man they should make buzz lightyear a whole universe on its own it looks so fun.
1:17 those are just Z'Gok's from Mobile Suit Gundam standing in those rows lol
Now we'll finally get to see how he crash landed on Andy's bed.
Pixar sempre fazendo, eu voltar assistir desenhos com temática do toystory.
So toy story 5 is gonna be in 2023 ig
This gives me guardians of the galaxy vibes
this video goes hard feel free to screenshot
The new Toy Story movie looks great
PLEASW LET THIS BE FAKE I HATE THIS PLEASE JSUT NO
New star citizen just dropped
It's so weird to see Buzz in anything other than his space suit (especially showing his hair)
Bro he looks like a potato 🥔
Buzz Lightyear with no Tim Allen gets a no from me.
This feels like the Mass Effect movie we’ll never get
Good to see a more serous side of Pixar, Lightyear is a great way to start!
0:47 is when the song starts
Buzz is my best friend
Isn't this the second movie buzz starred in
Star wars rip off? Nice!
0:12 “Tell me, have you people discovered crystalic fusion, or do you still use fossil fuels?”
Cool trailer
This is just Pixar flexing their light rendering at this point. It straight-up looks like a video game
Why does he look like a human?
This will cause physical pain
OG's would know that this film is 1 overdue and 2 technologically thousands of years behind. RIP STARCOMMAND
If this film is in the same universe of toy story and the toy of buzz is action toy of this buzz light year??
This actually looks quite cool
Nope
bro imagine how cool zurg would look in this
Woody: Hey guys look, it’s the real Buzz Lightyear!
Now...we need a origin story of how the whole toy stories that tells us how these Heroes ended up as toys in the first place...
Hopefully the aliens are in this movie
"What can I say except DELETE THIS!"
New Buzz Lightyear is coming! The Origin movie is coming! Chris Evans's voice is coming!  I love Toy Story and  I like Buzz Lightyear since childhood. I will be more excited than I imagined when I watch a movie!  I'm more than happy with the new announcement of the movie in which the spider hero plays an active part! Because, Buzz Lightyear is my best hero. Please release "Lightyear"  in Japan! I'm looking forward to being a fan of Toy Story! I will definitely go to watch it at the theater! To Infinity And Beyond! With my friend.
Plot twist: This is how Buzz ended in Andy’s room
See you all in 5 years When this gets recommended again
For anyone who didn’t know there was an animated Buzz Lightyear movie before Toy Story!
We getting a western woody movie then
I was hoping the tagline might be "Fall with style."
Okay David Bowie for the music though, amazing choice
Who else thinks of Doom when they see Buzz's suit. When I see it all I think is doom music
Pixars version of Doomslayer!
So, if Chris Evans is playing Buzz, does that mean we're going to get a Woody movie where Woody is voiced by Robert Downey Jr?
Hey guys, look! It’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
So here's a question.  In the Toy Story universe is this a live action film or an animated film?
Looks good. Please don't disappoint
10 bucks says they’re gonna make a Woody’s Roundup movie in 7 years from now.
Hol up, so the Buzz Lightyear toy is an action figure of an actual human being existing in the Pixar multiverse?
This Starman just blew my mind
I'm telling if emperor zurg isnt the villain I'm gonna be upset
My father told me a original story of buzz lightyear was coming I never believed him and now I just saw the literal trailer for it. I gotta forgive him because I said it was dumb for him to think that also this looks AMAZING in the beginning I said BRUH ITS BUZZ!!!
the cheeks tho.........
So actually this "star-treky" future is like 1980s-90s? Or am I missing something?
Plot twist: he ends up on an alien planet and that’s how he’s been turned into a alive toy
I don’t support this, especially if it’s new voice actors and different animations… they could have just made it normal animation, but I don’t think it will do good
This is way too similiar to Star Wars. Is disney gonna get a copyright strike from themselves? xD
I'm getting avatar, captain marvel, and star wars references, dunno about you all
I’ve got the feeling that they made this movie especially for our generation, very thankful Pixar and Disney
Please for the love of god no one else like this video, it's perfect
Just imagine Tim Allen can be a Cameo or narrator
I think this is the 1st time Disney/Pixar movies (originals like Toy Story, Lion King, etc) have done a prequel to a successful franchise. I’m not talking about any other company they own, I’m just talking about mainline Disney & Pixar
I remember seeing that shot of Buzz at the end in his suit as a screenshot somewhere, and I thought, "Oh, that's just another uncanny-valley joke spawned by the old Sonic Movie design". But it's a real movie? I'm not sure how I feel about it... Or the character design of Buzz.
So he aint bald
I hope this is on Netflix :O
made me fail nnn
This makes me really exited for 2022
BUZZ. YOU DONT HAVE AN ORIGIN STORY YOU ARE A TOOOOOOOOOOOOY
YOU ARE A TOOOOOOOOY
YOU ARE A TOOOOOOOOOOY
YOU ARE A TOOOOOOOOOY
YOU ARE A TOOOOOOOOOOY
Buzz you don’t have an origin story, YOU. ARE . A . TOOOOOOOOOOY
Lets go
Remaster Wall-E
💪💪💪💪😝😝😝😝
I just hope they make a to scale model of the robot cat
I know trist îs a meme
new no man's sky update looking fresh
TE REPITO QUE ERES UN JUGUETEEEEEEEE
I honestly forgot this was from Toy Story while watching this trailer.
EVERYONE LOOKUP "Gematria Effect News 23"!
That space suit had some master chief vibes…just looked so good
soy el unico que esta sorprendido por el nivel de detalle de las zonas boscosas? parece un personaje caricatura  en la vida real!!!
At the end of the film lightyear is pulled into a black hole and enters a universe in which he becomes a toy.
0:49 sounds like lion king intro.
You know that Hollywood has run out of ideas when they make movies about characters and subplots of other movies. Everything is about something else
Evil emperor Zurg! Is the MOST anticipated Disney villain of all time can’t wait to see what he looks like!!!
This looks like it could be great - really hope it's true and that they make up for the Toy Buzz's horrible portrayal in Toy Story 4.
He landed on Dagobah
Buzz aka Spartin 1
great music choice!
0:40 such a Star Trek IV vibe :D
Here before coppa
Now I understand the power of nostalgia.
I can’t wait to see how Chris Pratt’s voice changes to Tim Allen’s.
Man I was really waiting for this for a long long time.
Buzz Lightyear: the greatest space adventure since Interstellar! Because of course it is!
hello there buzz
I wonder will they explain what code 546 is
Didn't they already make this in like 2004
Why?
obama
🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
1:08 rip off wall e
1:06 aaaaah
What if this was the toymaker's dream?
Money Ruined Everything, Burn The World Down
Omg he actually has hair
Like wall-e 2
This trailer blew my mind. Can’t wait to see this movie.
Buzz was actually one of my favorite characters growing up but he isn't voiced by Tim Allen anymore so it ruins it😭
How do we get people in by dumping Tim Allen? Don’t include a line of dialogue so we can get the curiosity money the first weekend because we know this decision will bomb but have to make our friends happy.  Yep…this will be a high dollar flop.
The moment music lyrics kicked in.... perfection. They couldn't have made a better trailer.
Wow the universe in toy story is way advanced than I thought if buzz was based off of this.
can i... can i screenshot ?
I'd actually prefer that this isn't a kids movie specifically, since the target audience is at least in their 20s and the younger audience won't have the same nostalgic hype for a buzz lightyear movie we wished existed from toy story 2
after this we need woody’s
1:04 beautiful shot
"To infinity, and beyond!"
to infinity! AND BEYOND!
.... Beyond!
...and beyond
In my opinion I think Pixar’s animations are getting better and better every time now compared too the first Toy Story and their five minute shorts
He looks amazing
There appears to be no signs of intelligent life anywhere...
"To infinity..." "And..." "BALALALA" "You just ruined my catchphrase"
Got distracted by that amazing remix of one of my favourite David Bowie songs.
This isn't flying, this is falling with style!
go Tim Allen
Conspiracy theories: Must be Andy who animated this
Guys did you see that at: 0:57?       Buzz, LOOK AN ALIEN!!
I'm sure others have noticed this and probably even mentioned it. By the looks of this trailer it seems as though he went into the future and is learning about the new technology.
I honestly do not expect originality from Disney anymore
why his head so chonkyy
Guess Buzz isn’t a toy anymore. Sorry Woody.
To infinity and the suspense
W H A T
you just took halo reach and made it in to a movie
Only Disney/ Pixar can make me feel like a kid again. It's a legendary feeling. Chris Evans is an amazing choice for Buzz Lightyear!
but hes still a toy right?
BEYOND
wait 2022 is 1 month away form us???😞
Buzz
😎
I feel like the toy buzz lightyear isn't this guy, the toy was made AFTER this guy. Buzz Lightyear was a real person and they made a toy so that kids could play with him.
is this about BUZZ ?
Please give us some Easter egg or indicator that XR exists.
So, a toy from the present is based on an astronaut from the future? Seems highly legitimate.
It looks very good
I dont know why im tearing
Please leave this as the final trailer
This could be the inspiration of the toy buzz lightyear on why is it made
This explains why he was crazy when he was introduced
Ini bukan terbang woody, ini jatuh dengan gaya
In end credits, Buzz would go to earth and met woody
Where is woody
I can already tell this is gonna be the greatest Disney-Pixar movie since Wall-E
Origin of buzz lightyear toy
WAIT WHATS THISS IS IT A ROBOT?? WHERES HIS ACTUAL FRIENDSSS
My room when Christmas comes by:
NO😐
ayo this pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
Every Toy will have its own Movie Mr.&Mrs Potato head, T-Rex and friends, The Lamb Watcher, Squeaky The Comedian, The Hot Dog
Somewhere in one of the million parallel universes, buzz is real.
im only one who said "beyond" when lady and buzz said "to infinity and" ?
My inner child is screaming of excitment!!
Aight...But Buzz is still just a toy. I can hear him now like "OH, COME ON!!!"
At :23 all I see is Tom Cruise as a cartoon character...I'm gonna watch it anyway..lol
ㅠ눈물난다 얼른 개봉해라 픽사야
I really want to watch this
Y’know, Halo and Pixar were once owned by Apple? That’s all I’m saying
can't wait 😊😊
GO BUZZ CUT'S AND BARBER SHOP'S AND WOMAN'S HAIR SALON'S 2
wow interesting
Dude HYPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Theory: Buzz meets Woody and the gang on the swamp planet he crashes into
0:52 why does buzz lighter wearing t-shirts which text printed with "Property of star command"? Is he was slave or something just like stormtrooper in starwars?
This is the movie that andy watched when he was young. Now wer gonna watch it
Name of song please? ))
I miss Bowie
to infinity and beyond
From the creators of Lightyear:  Woody
This looks amazing
Which song is this
Some random guy with an epic blonde haircut and said: *ill do you one better*  And thats why we have epic soundtracks
Omg he have hair !?!?
Beyondddddddddddd
Now we need Robert Downey Jr. as Woody for a Woody origin story.
This is one of the best trailers I’ve ever seen. The music makes it. Very hyped
This rendition of Starman brought tears to my eyes, anyone else?
This screams: Disney made us do it Why would pixar release a film that isn't completely original unless Disney wanted more money, smh
And beyond
They call him…..the doom slayer
Can't believe a toy won't melt in an oven
okei good song choice by david
Why did they make this?
I’m calling it now. At the end or beginning of the movie, it’ll show the toys watching the movie
Bud lighter
So is anybody else thinking they've figured out what they will retheme or replace the WDW Rockin Roller Coaster with? Because I'm thinking they have plans regarding this one. And those plans involve either the "Geriatric Rocker Roller Coaster" or the "Mission Space that most people probably wont die on... sometimes" at WDW Hollywood Stupios or Epcot. I lean towards Hollywood Studions as that's where most Pixar stuff is.
Amazing
Здравствуйте. IVAN!? Или NAVI?
"to infinity," "And"  *Summer 2022*
a moment of silence to everyone who thought Buzz was bald..
The graphics are too good in my opinion. I liked the old lightyear...
It has been a long time since Disney has made something look this unique and I am genuinely interested in this. But the one thing I can’t wrap my head around is that Buzz is a toy. How can there be a backstory about a toy you find at Al’s Toy Barn.
I think this buzz lightyear lol
It's Toy story RTX on
El ded ya lo hubiera estrenado 🙄🙄
Pixar that is very clearly a Sabre from Halo Reach it even launches the same
Buzz: and thts why i became a toy Woody: wow
this is just too funny
Everybody look! It's the real Buzz Lightyear!
its buzz
Dear god, I havent rewatched a trailer like this since The Joker's first trailer
This is everything I never knew I always wanted.
Genuinely impressed that they managed to cram some sort of reference to other sci-fi media into literally every frame of this trailer
Because of this trailer, I watched toy story 1-4. Im glad I saw this trailer.
So this is the story of Buzz where the Buzz Lightyear toy based from. 🤯
OMG
is there gonna be dark matter appreance?
Oh it's mister Lightbeer.
oh my good they used starman for the trailer that made me so happy
Already got 10M views in only 5 days!
Wait how you expect us to believe This all happened and inspired the buzz toy in Andy's world all while the pizza planet car was a station wagon?
Im expecting a sad ending but i hope not
I can't believe they made a movie about the tires from Cars.
hope they make a movie for woody too that would be cool cuz im kinda into some cowboy stuff
i wonder if they will do one for woody too
At the end of this movie it should show buzz going on a mission but ends up getting off course in some kind of dramatic way, that's how he ends up on earth with woody and Andy.
So, how buzz become andy’s toy?
So then this for sure takes place before wall-e, but I’m wondering if it’s a real event in the Pixar universe, a movie that buzz light year is a toy from, or if it’s a play session of Andy’s when he wasn’t playing with woody.
Oh look a toy story Easter egg 1:21
INFINITY AND BEYOND
Only way to end this movie is to have buzz fly into a black hole... and then credits... setting up the entire toystory world/alternate universe.  Explains why buzz was so convinced at first he was real
i think in the movie toy story "buzz the toy" is inspired from real buzz in this one
WallE× Toy story crossover
Best trailer props to the people who worked hard in this 🔥
The animation looks so gorgeous
this is a joke right?
Who's the toy now woody
"To infinity and... Whatever it takes"
this is why i love pixar more than disney. they dont make sequals or prequals for a cash grab, but genuinely just cause they love these characters. Nothing looks cut or forced in and every detail is so beautiful, i keep watching this trailer over and over again because of how stunning the animation is. I cant wait for this to come
hello this is markaplier
I am very disappointed and my day is ruined by the way that Disney and Pixar have ruined the beloved toy known as bugs rightyear.
During shooting of Avengers Endgame Robert Downey Jr. Started crying because 👉 #Mrneel👈
Finnaly we see his hair
Imagine if they got tim allen for this😤😤
This is how pixar will be in 2012
Wow what a great idea.
Now this is a movie worth watching.
I feel like they need go put Elton Johns Rocket man somewhere in this movie
that launch scene cant help but remind me of the SABRE launch scene in Halo: Reach.
Shoulda been called beyond so they could have said, to infinity and BEYOND
I really hope they add Starman by David Bowie in that movie.  2.) They need to do Woody 🤠 and Jessie and Bull-seye 🐎 next
looking good...
Fun Fact: This is Andy’s childhood dreams 😂
Gotta love that dialogue
The music choice makes this trailer 100x better🔥
childhood nostalgia arise from my mind
They should make a woody movie
😣😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 buzz no turn a human real
Pls is a toy 😣 pleasse buzz no turn a human
ITS buzz realistic
7 months till the movie comes out 6 months till the movie comes out
He looks like *Markiplier...*
Beyond chain
I feel happy watching this
no please chris evans as the voice actor nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
My big question here. Why is he hot??
2026: Pixar releases Woody’s Roundup. Woodys origin story. 😂 😆
Daniel Jaek
Looks like Star Wars but with Buzz.
This actually looks cool
Toy Story 1 was the first movie I had ever seen as a kid and seeing that Tim Allen was replaced is really disappointing. I just can't see anyone else voicing Buzz.
The sound track remind of the martians
Dude the animation is very very real and grafics to
what is this StAr WaRS
No Tim Allen?  Tim Allen wasn't even asked about the part?  NOPE. Not watching it.
bugs lightyear looks so real
Plot twist : this is what buzz believed happened before he ended in Andy’s house !
Now we need one for woody 🤣
.
Next is a western with Woody!
!!Awesome!!❤️😘
David Bowie music bringing back The Martian film nostalgic memories is just out of this world 😍
Say sike right now.
The real face of masterchief
When woody cowboy movie
At first I had my doubts when I heard that this was being done, but after watching the trailer it actually looks really good! I'm actually quite psyched to see how it will all come together! Can't wait!!
the memes
So, Ernest Khalimov aka Gigachad will make Buzz Lightyear?
THIS IS PERFECT!!! I was wondering were buss toy came from from the first toy story!! It all connects!!
I hope to see wall-e as an Easter egg. I wonder where this fits in the timeline of Pixar? Maybe before BnL left and before Cars?
...and I guess... he will flight through some wormhole and ends in toy story dimension.
Just watch his name be "Benson Lightyear"
thanks for reminding me how close 2022 actually is
Unexpected but I'm excited
this looks good like fan made will never be released good O .O! but it's not it's real and it will be <3
Quienes son los 8mil csm que le dieron dislike al vídeo para caerle a palo
We didn’t ask for this.
Oh I am SO watching this! Got goosebumps, and loved the Star Wars and Marvel references.
and here I was thinking they were working on the live action toy story
I can't believe I'm actually excited for a Buzz Lightyear movie...
“Years of academy training wasted!” -Mrs. Nesbitt
Toystory x Interstellar
Y cuando se convierte en un juguete?
Me and the boys heading to Reach
Is this the start of toy story cinematic universe?
I always wanted to see Disney’s take on a gritty sci-fi film… oh wait
IS THIS REAL?
This is terrifying
So wait is Buzz Lightyear based off an actual person and we are seeing the origin of that real person? Or is this a major blockbuster and we are seeing the movie that the toys were based off of?
You know that now that they’re making a Buzz Lightyear origin story, they would be remiss not to do a Woody origin story so that way Toy Story is a retroactive crossover
This Looks insane the animation and the scenery looks amazing, this  movie will be awesome I cannot wait to see it
Ngl this actually looks good, I wish they kept the original voice actor for him tho :/
this is a collaboration between disney and pixar like Luca? or is like the other pixar movies?
I hope to see the movie of Woody as a Wild West Cowboy from Texas!
spoiler alert: he can't fly, just fall with style
I like it! 👍 can't wait to see it 😁
This looks legit
this buzz be turning off his body cam
Who's the toy now, cowboy?
0:12 A small shard of a beautiful gem. Earns 50% more Stardust for 30 minutes.😊
they thought i was mad
wow after all of those years. he was human to begin with.
Pixar is the only studio from my childhood, that still hypes me...
señorita netsi
Toy story 1 Buzz: To Infinity and BEYOND.
So this is a prequel
Disney • Pixar Presents: *The Snake In My Boot* Coming to Cinemas near you in summer 2025
INFINITY AND BEYOND
I think the buzz lightyear toy is based off of this movie.
I though he's bald-
To infinity and...  *summer 2022*
This is basically Wall-E
If Emperor Zurg isn't in this movie it's automatically bad
to infinity and beyond
Plot twist: Zurg will be in this (Buzz's enemy)
btw my uncle always sings that song to himself because his dogs last name is stardust
$100 the post-credits scene will hint at Zurg being the next villain
Toy story: RTX Off, Lightyear:RTX 3090 ON
whats that song guys
Not sure if I'm ok with this. I have loved the original Toy Story ever since I was little. The fact that they are just trying to make money off the original characters makes me sad. RIP childhood Pixar. 😔
*to the infinity and beyond!*
Not Tim Allen’s voice. It won’t be the same.
Lol nice diversity character 🥱
Dat song bro. Que buena rola en caridad de dios.
“Waiting for a kind hearted person who actually wants to support me with his/her heart ❤️ “
He looks like a sigma
My man that lookin like dagobah homie
ommmgggy 90% of the characters are none white so diverse and equality111!!!!!
This is awesome!!! Lol
Tiene una buena música, pinta muy bien.  Pd.: Me recuerda a Halo e Infinite Warfare.
バズ‼︎ なんか怖い‼︎
So are we just gonna pretend like Buzz Lightyear of Star Command didn't happen?  Also, I don't feel comfortable with Buzz having hair
so is it like, a real person, and then the toy is like based off the actual person?
Love the O Positive blood type!! Great reference to A Bug's Life!! "Bloody Mary, O positive."
RIP David Bowie
Yo this animation is straight garbage
WE FINALLY GOT TO SEE BUZZ WITHOUT HIS PURPLE CAP 😭😭😭
Movie is coming in 2022, and we already have a teaser, plus poster.  Spiderman no way home comes next month, and we still haven't gotten the 2nd trailer nor a poster
Should have made him turn around and say your mocking me aren’t you
This is buzz from toys story
Me at the end: “Beyond”
This for Real
Buzz!! Looks like he has to go rogue at the end there to set out for earth and find Woody!
God I love cinema
This goes hard
Aatish Kapoor 😎
Visuals are awesome
His spacecraft looks like a sabre from halo reach...
The only part about this trailer that made me disappointed was the fact that it isn’t coming out this year
When Star Wars meets Top Gun and Toys Story
greatest thing i ever watched #hype
buzz lightskin lookin fresshhh
1:27 to infidelity and…🍔🍕🍟😀
Zurg should just be a character that was created later for the tv show.
I see zug rol bot  in tree middle
Captain America is the space ranger! I'd call him "Space Captain".
This....this is a new generation of Toy Story
The Toy story cinematic universe begis
i like how they didint do that thing every trailer does whare the final bit before they say when its coming out is some unnecessary comedy
I'd watch it if it was tim Allen but he passed up for being a conservative. Funny how Hollywood fights fake discrimination with actual discrimination. Hard pass
HE HAS HAIR???? 😭
Algo malo va a pasar están saliendo buenas películas últimamente
Tu é mano?
Imagine being hero astronaut, and on the next day waking up as a toy.
What is Buzz was based off of a real astronaut and they made toys as a type of merchandise… thus meaning this is the real buzz lightyear
Cuzz lightyear
Where's Tim?
zaddi
Why does buzz's suit give me doomguy vibes
OMG, they are actually making a legit buzz lightyear story? Wow! I am so curious about how great they will make buzz in his own true show!
1:20 sorry to all nostalgia hardcore toy story fans, but to me, buzz's armor in this movie looks the best it's ever been!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
👍👍🏿
DiSNEY +
I thought this was fake at first 😭
2022
1967 1997 2020 2021
Ooooo
Onde está disney word
Oi
Cuzz lightyear
Just don't serch *i feel fantastic* on YouTube
As of me making this comment, I am watching this with my Buzz Lightyear toy
0:53 only I who thought it was Mr incredible?
buzz looks like a hello neighbor character
BUZZ LOOK AN ALIEN!
Beyond
Billy Blastoff 😯👨‍🚀
They had to add a sassy black woman lol
so buzz lightlear has his own flim nioce
Ok love that they used the starman. love the song
What a steaming pile of hot trash. Without the Bowie music it would be laughable.  Disney still proving they put the $ before their dignity.
To infinity and beyond.💓💓💗
Already loving it        And I've just gone half way
What did they do to my boy🥲🥲🥲
RTX: 🔛
Watch there be a space cowboy 🤠
For those still confused I want to put this in order so here I go...... in my theory, this new movie we get to see the actual human buzz that exists in Andy’s universe. He becomes a national hero. Some TV company makes a cartoon on him “Buzz Light year of star command.” A 7-8yo Andy sees the cartoon wants the toy. On his birthday his mother buys him the popular toy and then Toy Story starts... that’s my theory 😂
De regreso a la infancia y más haya "Lightyear"
We finally get to see his hair!!
How ! Je n'imaginais pas ça comme ça, on voit en fait pourquoi buzz croit être un humain et ne sait pas qu'il est un jouet c'est tout simplement par ce qu'il a exister en vrai et que dans le film toy story il a été adapté en jouet en honneur à la vrai personne, c'est Incroyable cette histoire !
What's all the Buzz about  ??!!😁
Interesting how they didn't get Tim Allen and went for star factor with Chris Evans. Dude better nail it cause he's messing with a generation's childhood
Wait that’s not the audio from Apollo XI Go/No Go for Neil and Buzz to begin their decent to the Lunar Surface 0:00-0:07   I do hope that Pixar will include any and all NASA and Apollo XI Easter Eggs that they can for this film  And I wouldn’t be surprised if they include the “1201 Alarm”
I swear when they played starman by david bowie as he was flying off its just something
I unironically hope that Buzz ends up on a western-eee planet where he could meet someone similar to woody.
I would actually love an Toy Story Cinematic Universe ;)
The Martian if it was 3D animation
I Just hope that diverse female character does not steel the show
This will be graphics in 2014
хочу эту песню!
Man looks like mr. incredible
First watcher of 10 million views very rare i am lucky 😎
And the new meme was born
I feel like there will be a Star Wars connection
So is Woody in this
Cool to think that these people are only actors
I’m on my 10th rewatch and I don’t plan on stopping as long as David Bowie keeps singing.
Buzz has hair? wowww
Oooooo
I would dream about a Buzz movie when I was a kid. Just wish that the voice actor was Tim Allen, would give major goosebumps.
If this is a massive hit which im well sure it will be 99 percent.   Would it hurt for a western movie with Woody, Jessie , The prospector/Stinky Pete and of course Bullseye.
Don't worry, the black astronauts will be replaced by Chinese CCP members for the China release
Ok but the fact that this is not Tim Allen is ruining this for me
So is Buzz Lightyear a real person and they make a toy of him? This looks way too technologically advanced from the world that's in Toy Story... very confusing.
Congratulation buzz  you’re not a toy anymore
Now where is woody's movie?
How to make a 30th crying
This is kinda creepy and uncanny, ngl.
Wonder why Tim Allen wasn’t chosen or opted out of doing the voice. That would have been awesome.
Me: The perfect trailer doesn't exist. Pixar: Really?
I want to see Woody flashback scene like “hey, bro buz, what about your story” —man, nostalgia.
omg he fresh
This looks hella sick.
Pixar needs to make more space-related movies…
FIRE!!!!!
Please, release your trailers in 4k!! (5120x2160 would be 👀)
You are a toy
this movie goes hard, feel free to pirate
AND BEYOND !!!!! AND BEYOND !!!!!!
Is it possible this is a reboot of buzz lightyear inside the toy story universe and Andy is watching it as an adult. It would explain why it's Chris Evans instead of Tim Allen
You had one job, and that was to cast Tim Allen as buzz. And you blew it.
Why?
Oh my god!!!!! I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THIS!!!!! I'M SUCH A BUZZ LIGHTYEAR FAN!!!! #toinfinityandbeyond
WHO ELSE SAW THE PIXAR LAMP ON THE STARS AT 0:34?
I hope we'll see Star Command answering one of Buzz's calls! After all this time 😅
oh i know why this is garbage, pixar and disney dont care about anyone. all they care about is money
Two infinity and your mom 😂
What are you doing????
Especially if there is a fight between Buzz Lightyear and Zurg
Looks great, can't wait to watch it
This is so sick
As exciting as this looks, I wonder how long he'll be in his film for.
Indians want this 🇮🇳👾 (in hindi dubb)🇮🇳😃🤓😍🤩
Woody: YOU ARE A TOY Buzz: You’re an actual sad strange, little man.
i hope it has memes
Only Pixar could make me go "THAT IDEA IS STOOPID" in one moment, and then one trailer later I'm going "...  Yo this looks dope."
This trailer goes hard, feel free to screen record
The Martian reference
This seems like a desperate grab for money... I love Toy Story but this is realy not it.
Therapist: CGI Stan Smith doesn't exist. He can't hurt you.  CGI Stan Smith:
**TO INFINITY AND BEYOND** 🤪
This is literally a wish from my childhood become real. I feel happy!
buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
😉
*To Infinity?*
All this needs now is to be rated R.
There was actually a hint in Toy Story 1 that suggested there was a "real" Buzz Lightyear that the toy Buzz was based on. While under the van at the gas station, Woody is trying to convince Buzz he's just a toy and he tells him: "You are not the real Buzz Lightyear!"
Buzz lightyear in the toy story film was a real life hero it is based on him not the toy hence why he is a real life animation as to a toy they drop little lines in the first one which has led me to this conclusion 🤣
If Zurg isn't in this I'm going to be very disappointed.   Also why isn't Tim Allen voicing him?
Star man. Yep. Need good music? - return to the past to find it. Another Ed Sheeran song and Buzz would puke in that helmet!
Ok
子供の頃から1番大好きだったバズううう！！！ アツすぎるこれは、見たい！！
Eh... I'm not terribly excited. Pixar's already proven they can make decent sci-fi in WALL-E. Not sure why they felt the need to try making Buzz Lightyear epic, when the entire premise of the character was being a toy, and his purposefully corny show in universe was made just to sell toys.  Like... it looks gritty, but also like a toy world. This looks like a fan film, not some Disney would actually fund. Why couldn't Pixar expand their horizons more and make a new IP. Couldn't they build a new universe instead of relying on old properties to sell tickets?
When you first time switch on the RTX 3090
I wanna try to make an amazing story called the living plant in hopes for pixar to make it a movie
It’s gonna be so different without Tim Allen’s voice. But I guess it’s good to change.
I know what's gonna happen.  So maybe the reason why buzz is a toy and not a human is that maybe a store owner made a toy version of him...
I can just tell that this will be the best movie of 2022 by far
Oooooooohhhhhh so this is the REAL Buzzlightyear not the toyyyyy
Alright then
Please tell me that this is a Prequel to Buzz Lightyear of Star Command it would be very awesome
Disney, nobody asked for this.
The memba' berries are strong in this trailer 🫐🫐
Check the video's description guys, if you didn't guess, this is buzz lightyear's origin story. Just check the description if you don't believe me
Hmmmm. Nice
why? just why? but now we have a movie based on a toy from a movie. is this movie from a different universe? DO WE LIVE IN A MULTIVERSE??????
The mc doesn't really remind me of Buzz, but I like the movie (based on the trailer). I will watch the movie. Love the graphics too. 👍
Socorro eu estou muito animado pra ver isso!!!
This looks good
If there's time travel, whose to say he couldn't go back and meet a certain cowboy...
I’m crying tears of joy🥲
This bothers me when at the end of the trailer buzz didn't finish his line " to infinity and ... That really triggered me.. which also excites me 😂
So, does this mean buzz isn’t just.....           A toy? 🥺
boomers will dislike this trailer
This looks great...
Perfect music for the trailer
Toy story movie
r/TIHI
Never been more exited about a movie. Great job Pixar!
*Listens for Tim Allen*
Am I the only one who shouted …… “Beyond” in the end of the trailer
Cuzz lightyear
Andy will be so proud for buzz
Bet the ending is going to be him ending up in earth and the story continues with toy story 1
I feel it will be another Pixar masterpiece, with an interesting and exiting story.
the plot is simple, buzz is a real person in that universe, he goes to space, something happens in that adventure and he never comes back. They make him a doll in honor of him, the one we know
Can't waitt!!!
This put a smile on my face, Pixar is the best part of Disney.
Can wait for the sequel where we'll meet Booster, Mira and XR and most of all, Zurg.
Almost 10 million views in just 5 days.
(0:56) That's Arishem The Judge  Lol
I love every bit of this trailer
"To infinity... And TOY STORY play session"
Bas astral movie
BEYOOOOOOONDD..........!!!!
Christ Evan has never finish his sentence: Avengers age of ultron - "Avengers! **breath**" Now - 'To infinity' "And *done"  Edit: "Christ"🤣
Ahh disney trying to milk our nostalgia
Why does buzz have a Chad chin doe
You missed the truck! We're not aiming for the truck...
Halo reach?
0:35 Flame Shift Drive ...Engage! 0:43 Fuel scooping... I didn't know he was the first CMDR.
This is gonna be the best childhood friend in the "future" after toy story
Pixar if this is dagobah from Star Wars 0:58
I can’t believe they let Joe Swanson go to space.
おもしろそ〜！
Plot twist: This is buzz's backstory before he got transformed to a toy buy radiation from an intergalactic planet 0_0
🔥😍
To infinity and what🤔🤔
asombroso trailer Pixar
"Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya   - Bass
What if when Buzz travels through space, he travels too far and reach a different world and in that different world, he became a toy
does anyone else remember the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command show? There's already an established story for Buzz outside the toy stories movies.
The doomslayer backstory!
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya
We want cars 4
Ahora ya no imaginará que es un hombre del espacio por que realmente lo será ahora
CAN'T WAITTTTTT
Bet there's going to be an Evil Emperor Zerg tease.
Is this gonna be released to the cinema?
Puh I don't know what to feel about this. Buzz is a toy, now they give him an origin movie that makes him a "real person" 🤔
Hello.
And so the Infinity Reality Stone has brought Chris Evans from the Marvel Universe as Captain America- into another universe; galaxy far far away rather- to achieve a boldly goal where no man had ever gone before...  And became the legend that inspired the toy that became the other half of the Toy Story Duo...  #ToInfinityandBeyond #Lightyear  PS: Andy and Bonnie were only an instrument by the Infinity Stones...  For there can be no other power than the power of Imagination itself...  Thus- Disney's Imagineers has arisen._
is zurg in this movie?
Woody: YOU ARE A TOY Buzz:are you sure about that (turns on 4K)
For nostalgia purposes only, I‘d go gold class
Cool
i think zurg death on lightyear
This is who inspired the toy version of buzz.
Disney released a teaser for a new animated sci-fi film called "Lightyear," starring Chris Evans. ... Instead, Evans plays a fictional "real" human named Buzz Lightyear, who inspired the toy-version.
this is so epic, I immediatly rewatched it!
Im triggered. He never said "beyond"
Okay, so buzz travels past light-speed and goes to an alternate dimension where he is toy? That explains why he thought he was a real astronaut, now he thinks he is a toy... *i  r  o  n  i  c*        Or this is Bonnie's playtime script
This is the years of acadamy training he was talking about  Wasted lol
is this still toy story...?
Chad Lightyear
I am ready. So ready.
1:20 is the moment buzz lightyear became doom slayer
lame and trash and  very wasteful time
Spoiler alert surge is his father
The Martian already used this song.
Look buzz! A.....!!
Where's Tim Allen?
There's Gonna be Memes
Sorry Cap. I’m usually on your side, Chris. But you can’t replace Tim Allen.  THE Buzz Lightyear.
This almost looks like halo reach in the start
Theory this is andhi making the film reboot based on one of his favorite toys as a kid
Bro this man been wearing a durag his whole life how doesn’t he have waves
Oh I just imagine how good this movie will be
Pixar nailed the choice of song!
I like Toy Storys 😍🤩😍🤩❤❤❤
🤩😍🤩😍
뭐라고?
To infinity and?? And what?
To Infinity and Beyond
This is about to be the greatest Pixar movie ever...... Woody sitting back in wait......
Lightyear no longer a toy......ayyyy gets more toys
This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
why does this remind me of another movie....
Feels like a children’s version of Top Gun mixed with Star Wars and I love it
Now we need Cars 5 *The streets* involving street racing cars and JDM cars
So we will see Woody as the real cowboy in the next movie
Buzzlightyear RTX on
In the end he is going to get captured with thousands of clones until a giant grabs him and gives him as a birthday gift to an other giant that will write his name on his foot.
I thought Buzz was just a kids toy?
Un capo el de los subtitulos
So is this the movie that has nothing to do with the old cartoon show, that spawned the toy form 1996 movie about the astronaut that went to space in the Toy Story Universe? I’m so confused…
Beyond.
이건 진짜 봐야겠네 😭
버즈!!!!
buff lightyear
Buzz Light-year  Alicia S. O. X
So what happend to him did he turn into a toy?
*TO THE INFINITY AND BEYOND* Well Buzz is not joking.
To infinity and beyond
To infinity and beyond..........
Tim Allen should be the voice
1:20 Let all the children boogie
This is what our imagination looks like.
🧑🏾‍🦱: to infinity 🧑🏻‍🚀: and… Me: BEYOND
Seeing as this is about space, I’d love to see them implement a many alternate universe theory that explains why there are so many buzz light years in the future
Hearing David Bowie sing just makes this trailer even more legendary 🚀
Star Wars
How tall andy is compared to buzz this version
I swear Chris Evans has a thing for not completing catchphrases 😂
I need someone to re-edit this, change the music and turn it into a WH40k clip, it would be hilarious
To infinity and beyoond!!!😃😃😃
ELON : do you want to go Mars? Buzz: NO Thanks...
my childhood is ruined
That's Not Flying, that's Falling with Style
This is a movie about a movie designed to sell toys
Make Zootopia 2......
beyond
Awesome!!!
..BEYOND..!!!
Pog
“Am I really going to defile this grave for money? OF COURSE I AM!”
That wasn't flying! It was falling with style!
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND! ❤️
make cars 4.
watting for it  .
In the thumbnail the astronauts looks like that astronaut from toy story.
buzz i missed you
if u wondering what buzz lightyears and that girl continue saying "infinity and?" i think its "to infinity and beyond"
The memes brought me here.
If you ask me how do I think, I think I’ll bet that Disney and Pixar can’t make a 3D movie for Woody to be as cool as this one,right?
I never thought he had hair
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one
I am so gonna see this movie. Buzz is my favorite, he always has been, always will :P
Lovin the Fallout 4 power armor they give Buzz.
To Infinity And Beyond
So this be the movie that they finna make toys after, which existed in toy story’s universe, which was shown before this movie.
Pixar looking how everyone is asking for Woody's past and they didnt relased this movie yet: 😐😐
Your mocking me arent you
After 26+ years.... (It's enough to make a grown man cry but it's okay.)
The new sonic movies looking great
I can’t wait to push children out of the way when entering the movie theater
Awesome remix of starman
Ну чего сказать... круто нарисовано! Главное это интересный и не обычный сюжет! Ждём!
The new trailer of Star Citizen looks amazing! 😍😍😍
To Infinity and Beyonce !
I wonder if he knows they made a toy after him
Sad no time Allen
They are really gonna make another movie about Buzz's backstory, right?... I'm gonna cry again like in the old movie? I'm to old for this...
No woody
Whaat
Buck Rogers, huh?
Can’t they come up with original content anymore. Literally have to make a solo movie for a side character just for money
Theory: Buzz sacrifices himself at the end for the mission and in his honour, they sell toys of himself but somehow, his soul gets transferred into the toys thus making him able to talk, walk and speak.
To infinity and summer 2022
where is zurg??
Buzz Lightyear with hair was a surprise, but a welcome one?
Y’all actually like this trailer?
I can't wait
I’ve watched this like 8 times already and I’m way excited
Beyond
Lighty ear
Why are they doing this... Porque.. Porque asen esto... 😭😭😭
A Samus buzz lightyear
This looks good
OMG!!! Is this real????
Wow, Pixar you've become the light hopping to light-years....I have been with you and my kids will be with you; as long as you keep making these great films.  Thank you!
Sheeeesh buzz looking fresh
The origin story we didn’t know we needed…
They made the trailer look cool but the actual movie will probably be terrible. I also refuse to watch anything Disney produces after they ruined Star Wars the way they did. And I'm not the only one. I'm actually probably the majority.
1:14 okay that must be a r2d2 reference from star wars
youtube b like : you are currently watching toy story 4
ok so if buzz exists... that means zurg also exists
Buzzz light year .....anant se bhi aage..😂😂😂
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
cool
And Woddy ????
This video goes hard, feel free to share
to infinty and beyond
If it weren’t for the cartoony characters then this movie looks photo realistic well some Pixar
Cant wait for some star wars easter eggs
This is Buzz light-years journey from space ranger to being best friends with a Cowboy
Nice
Good god in some parts it looks photorealistic its insane
Next generation's toy story.
This pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
To infinity and BEYOND!
WHAT DID YOU DO TO THE SHERIFF
Sorry? Daddy. Sorry? Daddy. Sorry? Daddy.
Disney infamously after finishing TS4 did a bunch of reshoots.  Not everyone realizes  Buzz's scenes were cut in half. This was  after Tim Allen made his conservatives are blacklisted in Hollywood comment. Same time as Last Man Standing was originally canceled.       Why on Earth would they make a buzz lightyear movie without Tims voice. Because when you go make a toy line based off of somebody who is a real astronaut you wouldn't use his real voice? I'm sure there has to be a million recordings of a famous astronaut's voice that you could use. Or have him voice his own toy? To me seems like a cheap excuse that holds little water. They are obviously cutting Tim Allen from their productions because of what he said several years ago. Just stating the obvious if you're not paying attention.      That's right Disney prove a guy wrong by proven him right. Still excited for the movie but it is worse off without Tim's iconic voice. No offense Chris Evans, it's not your fault.
Wasn't expecting much and it could just be the use of Bowie but this looks like it's gonna slap.
Lol I cant wait to see the story line
Bro that launch in that rocket looks exactly like in halo reach, I’m not trippin am I?
I knew this was ඩී        s u s
Que buena cancion
Sad that Southeast Asia can't watch this on Television.
1:18 no way that Evil Emperor Zurg no way
Gordon freeman
Master Chief must be proud on us
This pic goes hard, feel free to screen shot
We may be an Adults, but nothing is stopping us from taking a step back into our childhood to see a glimpse into the good ol’ days.
EPOK🥶👌
What if this is a movie made in the Toy Story universe that Andy watched, and the Buzz Lightyear toy was based on it?
I Still want Tim Allen to be in this movie!
S P A N G E R
Disney is back!
many scenes aré like halo
This goes hard.
This trailer goes hard, feel free to download.
Galyn "SusMan"
I'm so hyped, I've been wanting a movie about Buzz since I first watched toy story, which is one of my first ever memories. So yeah, safe to say I'm a bit pumped for this movie
Buzz Lightyear (PS5 version)
So many memories 😭
How awesome this will be!  A human figure that inspired the action figure.  And let’s finish the sentence here: To infinity…and….Beyond!
The Most unnecessary origin story. Did I hear anyone ask for this? Also how dare you drag Bowie into this. Shameful
I will accept this movie's existence on ONE condition. Put Buzz Lightyear of Star Command on Disney+. The whole series. Please.
Wut
Bro he looked like Filthy Frank
New Doom trailer loosk good!
0:23 This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot.
I’m 34… take my money Disney… that gravitational assist though!
??🤣??
Buzz is using the sun/star gravity as a catapult.
I don’t care what people say, I’m excited for this
I wonder what woody would look like in this version?
Super smash bros brawl characters Be like:
A brand new episode of What If?
If it ain’t Tim Allen, it ain’t Buzz Lightyear…
What in the fast and furious is going on here💀😂?
Wall E : I might get a sequel or prequel then.
Can’t wait !!! Buzz was always my favorite character
Local marine becomes doomslayer in the new pixar movie
SPY FROM TF2????   0:56
Where's the petition for getting Tim Allen back. Sorry, Chris Evans but you aren't Buzz Lightyear.
So when is Andy's movie coming out?
Not nessecary, Mr. Pixar.
People complain about the voice change. But think about it in-universe.. They often hire voice actors for toys and cartoons based on films, so that might be why the toy buzz sounds different. This could be a film within the Pixar universe, with they toy buzz being based of the film character
Would be cool if they used characters from the buzz lightyear of star command cartoon I saw as a kid
Why do i get the feeling this is gonna turn into a show..
So is cockteasing audiences by only saying half of a famous catchphrase just Chris Evans' thing now?
1:09 BUZZ LOOK AN ALIEN
This video goes so hard feel free to screen record
How much you wanna bet if this movie is successful we’ll get a Woody’s Round Up film
How many cinematic shots do you want?  This trailer: Y E S
I wonder how Zurg is gonna look
Will we see the origin story for Zurg as well? Also... *will we get the "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" theme song?*
To infinity and......     ASSEMBLE!
Okay but like, that's *unironically* a pretty smart launch system for a vertical-takeoff spaceplane.
He's not a toy anymore?
I like that they can take the definable features of Buzz Lightyear's look and personality and they work for an in-universe character. They also did a really good job designing the models so that Buzz is familiar looking while still looking way more human than he does in toy form. All of the human characters look cartoonish but very human at the same time. The style is awesome with the color and sense of adventure. Looking forward to this as a follow up to that early 2000s animated series they did.
I wonder if Zurg will be involve in this.
i miss woody
To infinity and more LIKES :3
I love pixar
omg I hope we see Emperor Zurg!
We need a Woody spin off film and I would love Chris pine to play him
T-O-Y   Toy!
to infinity and...i can do this all day
The ship he is in looks a lot like the one from Mission to Mars at EPCOT in Disney, not sure if they’re the same, but that would be a cool Easter egg.
Amazing Trailer ...Well missing Woody though  Some sort of cameo from him could be More than Amazing
BUZZ HAS HAIR??!!
To Infinity and ......
Theory: What if Buzz was a real astronaut but went through some wormhole or parallel universe where he’s a toy? Which is why he truly believed he was an astronaut in toy story
Man i love all of the starwars , start trek refrences in this trailer
David Bowie luciferian músic perfect to get some laught from the people that believe in the space as they show it.
grande tilin
This looks amazing!!!😯
This trailer goes hard Feel free to screenshot it
0:58 looks like an x wing on dagobah lol
This is really amazing! I am really excited for this one!
Seeing Buzz Lightyear with hair is trippy.
What song name ?
I've never been this excited for a movie in a long time.
Wait, does this mean they could make a spaghetti western with Woody as the main character?
1:29 this pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
I’m excited to hear “TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!”
0:17 MAJOR HALO REACH VIBES
"The worlds greatest toy now the world's greatest superhero!"
Until you find out a kid was playing with toys🤣
"To infinity and my foot"
This movie will be big
WHERES THAT BONDING STRIP?!
님들 이게 그 토이스토리의 버즈 라이트리어 인가요?아니면 걍 따로만든 우주인인가요????? 예고편에서 헷갈리게 만드네 나만 모르는건가
This shows how well written Toy Story actually was, was the little details like this that made the world of toy story feel unique. This movie is just targeting the nostalgia and probably be another souless cash grab garbage
Shut up and take my money!
get waves bro
Amazing 👏
Plot twist: This movie is just one of Andy or Bonnie’s play sessions
This pic go so physical feel obliged to capture this moment with your camera
It looks like this prequel will show us his years of academy training.
If this does well, they need to do one for Woody too. Call it Sherriff Woody or just Woody. I'd watch that in a heartbeat
Seeing this REALLY wants me to have an animated Mass Effect movie! This gives that idea the possibility happening and existing!!! More sci-fi movies give me more life!!!
Looks kinda good
What's the name of the song tho sounds cool
It was weird seeing him with hair
What I’m guessing is buzz light year used to be a real person and they made a toy of him for kids probs wrong but yeah
It's a remake of a movie that was never made.
Ruined by the colored girl
This is gonna be epic
I’m gonna make a prediction here, buzz is gonna attempt a captain America style sacrifice that will Ultimately send him literally years and I mean years into the future where star command is already the space station most of not all of us know and Zurg will have been badly damaged or critically wounded causinghim to become the machine that he is in toy story and in buzz lightyear the animated series. Again not 100% but I’m just throwing it out there. Especially if there going by the actual rules from the movie interstellar. Also why doesn’t time work like that in the star wars universe when they go into light speed
Where’s Tim Allen, not seeing this
"this pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot"
Okay Okay Okay this actually looks good 👍
To infinity and
if this doesn't win best animated moive of the year next year then we will riot.
Yep I’m crying
I really don’t get all the confusion around this movie.  In the first Toy Story, they mention that Buzz is a sci-fi character within that universe.   This is the movie that his toy is based on.
you ruined it.
This is supposedly based off the astronaut that inspired the lightyear toy, but the technology is far too advanced for that. My theory is that it’s revealed that the real lightyear in living in a nice retirement home, telling a exaggerated and exciting story to his grandchildren
Does that mean Buzz is actually a real person that the Toy in the Toy Story universe is designed after oo
Hm I Sense Meme template
Did anyone notice that Buzz's blood type is O Positive?
The music kicked this to another level, at the end when the suit appear, lyric just went full mood
It's about BUZZ as human
so now theres a fictional world from a commercial with a childs play thing. this makes zero sense
Hey, where are Mr and Mrs Potato ?
why is this making me cry 😭😭😭😭
Okay how many boxes of tissues am I going to need to sit through this one?
Another feature length toy advert by Pixar. Merch coming 2022.
DOOM STAR EDITION OK
Who else is glad they gave Buzz blonde hair?
me in everyones comments
What have they done to my boy Massacre my boy
BEYOND
this is just the video game from the beginning of toy story 2
Cannot wait!
0:34 Pixar lamp constellation on the right!
I need Zurg to say: destroy buzz light year, destroy buzz light year!
I'm really excited for this! I hope it's a good movie 😊💕
So glad they picked this song, especially because it’s also in The Martian
animation done right 👏
I miss him very much
Woodys round up is cancelled then because remember what stinky Pete said “Once the astronauts went up to space children wanted to play space toys”
I AM SO EXCITED
Idk man, I feel so proud, that he is finally going to fly!
Idk why I have tears in my eyes
No matter how old u are, nobody can call u a manchild for watching this
looks amazing, but why can't he look like the original buzz?!
Money spent on one minute of this movie could cover whole proper third season of The Owl House. Yet we're getting only 3 episodes to barely finish the story. Thank you, Disney! That is exactly what we've been asking for!
This looks so cool
Can we talk about how great the animation is on this
feel free to screenshot
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!!!!!!!
it would be nice to see a shrek comeback like this as well. love the trailer
Years of academy training... Fulfilled!
I hope this is really good and does really well so that we can get one for Woody as well
Toy Story becomes reality
He is a toy. Non of this is true.
"The Martian" and "Toy Story" in one box
Ok but when will we get the Disney+ original series "Woody"
eliocentrism again?
To infinity and beyond!
Buzz lightskin
I can't waiting, I'm so exited!
Was that coaxiom?
He really is a spaceman
From "BURN•E" the academy award winner director Angus MacLane for Toy Story franchise spin-off movie "LIGHYEAR" To Infinity and Beyond Only In Theaters Summer 2022!
Buzz Chad Astral
I’m thinking that to the humans in Toy Story, this is like when Iron Man 1 came out.
The animation style is fantastic!!!!! So ready
This vid goes hard. Feel free to screen record.
POV: You think you're not a toy.
what
now DoomGuy gonna have a real Toy
my dream became true
This is such a great job.
Infinity is not the limit!
Paladin danse lookin Maaaaad different
Maybe in a few years, we can have de serie of Woody's Roundup, and know if Woody could save the town.
sorry but is that a sabre from halo????
All of this production value and talent to sell more Toy Story toys. Could've told the whole story disconnected from the franchise, a new IP (gasp!), but no. If it's not a franchise, it's bad. Right?
Finally a good Star Wars movie
Wlelp, I'm definitely not taking this"lightly"
STAR COMMAND 😂😂😂😂
After all these years we saw something bleed 1:9
Are they implying that Buzz wasn’t crazy and was never meant to be a toy???? 😮
What is with Chris Evans and not finishing his quote?
this pic goes so hard feel free to screenshot
Is this real?, I’m very exited if it is and very angry if it isn’t
DarkDay               The opposite
why is this so enticing? I've seen this like 30 times now 😵
From the toy story as we see them as toy so, they all actually came from different dimension and become toy am actually confused what buzz actually is toy or human ? Thanks for making our childhood colorful
I hope there's cowboys and Indians in Woody's movie
This trailer go hard,feel free to screen record
Do you think Pixar just wanted to do a movie about space exploration, and Disney was like "Yeah that's cool, but can you link it to a recognizable IP?"
So this is what woody meant by “THE REAL BUZ LIGHTYEAR”
Will he meet his cowboy friend in space?
Missed opportunity to name it Star Command
This video goes so hard. Feel free to download 🥶
Omg, Buz lightyear is getting a movie!? Now we just need one of Woody...
they didnt finish the senten- lemme finish it for them........................ beyond.
Fine Pixar, you know very well I said enough Toy Story related stuff just let the story end! But you got me at David Bowie's Starman
Why does the launching remind me so much of halo?
NO WAY THEY USED STARMAN
it's buzz, it's the xd
So. . .how does his head sock stay on? Does he use two-sided tape on his widow's peak?
I wich i can watch this in my childhood
0:42 "fuel scoop engaged"
Sold
buzzlightyear lore
Too infinity and beyond
Buzz hair!!!!
This is stupid. “Ya know that character famous for being a toy? What if instead of being a toy he’s just another astronaut character.”
If Lightyear is a movie of time then what if buzz gets back on time and meets  woody and that's how movie ends buzz and woody meeting
This goes hard feel free to screenshot
Interesting approach
HYPE
YYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!!! THIS IS GOING TO BE EPIC!
Andy's memory is getting wilder i see
I'll be surprised if they made a woody movie
John3:16For God loves that world he sent his son for whoever believes in him shall not perish but live eternal life!!
….So are we gonna do Zurg?  I really hope we do Zurg
Another prequel.  More recycled drivel to appease and pacify the masses.
If this movie goes big and it will make a woody movie I promise it will be better Pixar and if u do make one I’ll take 3% for the idea 👍🏼
Seeing him with hair is so odd
Sick
Lightskin Buzz
Chad Lightyear
This is sick :)😎
Buzz Is getting his own movie!! 🧑‍🚀
So he wasn't bald?
Could be good. Don't think a lot of people actually asked for an origin story. Feels like a cash grab and unnecessary, but I don't think it'll be bad.
This is a story of how elon musk left his home planet
Buzz lightyear
Yeah that's great but, can we get a western with Woody and a Rango cameo?
TO INFINITY & BEYOND!!!
Woody movie?
Yo I actually want to watch this
1:18 Zurg and his Robots
interstellar from Pixar ;-;
I just heard Tim Allen was replaced….Disney revealing their PC bias once again?
Ben Affleck es Buzz?
wow!!!!!!
To Infinity N' 🚀🌟🪐
So we're all gonna just ignore that this man just SLINGSHOTTED AROUND THE SUN
I haven't been this excited for a movie since infinity war and end game. I've already watched this teaser 20 times and I can't get enough of it. I love the fact that the trailer gives you little pieces of your childhood not in a sort of in your face, cash grabbing kind of way that we're use to from Disney, but a truly slow and nostalgic way. Seems they truly care and want to make something great.
Isn’t this dude a toy?
Hope they show us Woody 🙌🙌🍪🍪🍪
Snotty boy glow up
After Lightyear, Pixar should make another Toy Story spin-off that has Sheriff Woody.
Is that a dog 🐶
To Infinity And....  Avengers...
Why does lightyear look like Tom Cruise with a huge chin tho 😂
Make a movie on Woody next
OMG I GOT THE CHILLS THIS LOOKS EPIC BatChest
Buzz?
This is incredible. I've grown up around the Toy Story movies, and i think a buzz lightyear solo film/backstory will be great.
Ok, I am unreasonably excited for this.
If this is a prequel origin story for Buzz, it might involve time travel (like planet of the apes) since it shows futuristic technology and space exploration despite the first toy story taking place between the 90’s and 2000s. Least that’s my theory
whose voicing BuZz Tim Allen?? in this movie someone new
Me and my homies are waiting for wa-lli 2
Anyone else just simply looking forward to watching and enjoying what looks like a great movie. Letting the story and plot unfold as you watch and not trying to ruin it with a million theories and reasons and overly complicated lore. Just enjoy the film people, it's gonna rock. 👍🏾
So that's why Buzz lost his mind when he found out that he was a toy...
'Let's replace Tim Allen because he supports Trump!'  That's disgusting.
now i can't remove from my mind that this suit looks like the Doomguy's one
Wow might actually have to watch my first Pixar in over a decade after I got burned out on Finding Nemo in school
This took waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too long for them to bring us! Can't wait!
1:29 feel free to screenshot
1:07 Now with karate chop action!
What the
The lady at 0:22 looks like the black lady in mare internum.
lol @ no tim allen
Are u kidding me
Naturally we have the toy after de movie comes out. Here we have the opposite. Pixar is amazing.
If Zurg isnt in that movie i am not even coming
Z U R G!
At this point, I feel like that they’re just gonna put a whole bunch of David Bowie songs throughout the whole movie or in future trailers and tv spot, like Starman, space oddity, changes, etc. All of those songs sound like they could fit the mood of the movie from the trailers. The animation also looks stunning.
I wish they have gotten Tim Allen to do Buzz again.
Why does he look like Tom Cruise and not Chris Evans OR Tim Allen 😭
Cringe
Wait a second so you guys all watched toy story so buzz has all that stuff on his suit right we all know he has A laser on his wrist which I will love to see in action He has a jetpack with wings also would love to see it in action But he has 4 more buttons in the front one big red button and three other ones What do they do? Hopefully Pixar will show us what they do But you know I love all Pixar films and I am so exited for this movie this trailer is sick! I love how it ends with to infinity and doesn't finish it I see what Pixar did there Chris likes ending movies without saying the full sentence But in the end it's only an opinion of mine and if Pixar sees this I'll be very happy
This is Pixar's magnum opus ladies and gentlemen.
Pixar is not just a Animation studio, They are magicians.
They should make movie about those toy soldiers too.
Too realistic
How does this have so many dislikes
Make a prequel about Woody next! You guys can do it!
This is beautiful
OMG BUZZ HAS HAIR!!!!
These aren't toys anymore, are they?
I think this might end with him crashing into Andy’s room from the first film
Rip my childhood
Amazing ! Can’t wait for next year !
Cant wait😁
Music?
Holy moly this is such a good idea!
I’m still in awe at how much the studio improved their animation. The backdrops look so realistic yet keeping the cartoonish style and the way the mirror surfaces reflects stuff naturally is just so… wow
1:15
Buzz Yogurt Light
No need for any other trailer, this is perfect
The ending better show that kid just playing with Buzz Lightyear like its the continuation to the Toy Story Storyline
So is this story seperate from the toy story universe? Or is it just a live action buzz light year as sort of a wink at Disney making live action of all their animate movies and making them more “mature.” That would be cool.   This can’t be the actual story of a real Person considering buzz light year is supposed to from the future and if the real buzz was sucked in to the future then there’s no way a toy series would be based off of unless he went back to tell the world and a toy company decided to make an entire series off of what he went through
It looks bad
only waited decades for this film...Full adult now and I can't wait to watch this! haha!
This is a prequel to toy story he crahes into that universe thinking he is an astronaut which he actually is
Pixar Must Launch Solo Movie for Woody Cowboy Too!! 🥺 Make it Fair Please.. 🙏
Inspired by Buck Rogers obviously.
1:20  Buzz’s suit kinda looks like doom guy’s suit from doom eternal
Wow
Cuzz lightskin
To Infinity and Beyond
Next will be Woody's Roundup.
is he bisexual, though?
yo what Buzz Astral doin' from Toy Story doin' there?
Woah you guys are so patriotic; Can't believe you made a movie about what all entails in the Us Space force.
😄😄😄👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
1:22 this pic goes so hard.
From first Toy Story to This!  Hopefully and "beyond". Great job!
0:23 hay everybody its me Markapier
Wow.  At last, a movie trailer that makes me want to see it!  Still have an original Toy Story promo postcard on my kitchen cupboard of Buzz Lightyear pointing to the heavens with "....to infinity and beyond" on it.   Like me, it's somewhat faded as the years have past, but messages of hope for the future never fade.
Rated PG Next Summer
pense que era un trailer de Halo, este video quedaria mamlon con musica de halo, lo voy a hacer xD
You areeeee a toooyyyy.
Man, this really has a Star Wars feel into it.
Broooo what if evil emperor zerg makes an appearance in the movie?
I watched this more times than I’ve watched the far from home trailer
This teaser goes hard, feel free to download.
To infinity and beyond!
Wow a toy story prequel!!!
oh no. This can only end in a really good way or a really really bad way
Chris evans must have a contractual agreement to not say the most famous lines of a character until the very last moment
Real ligger
Doom music.
Sure, Disney. Pretend that Star Command never existed. Thanks. Appreciate it.
I have a feeling that the next film will be: *Sheriff Woodrow*  And im hyped for a pixar movie... first in years, i hope they dont screw up
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND
Ahhhhhhg la canción de David bowie
Wait does my man go to Dagobah?
What’s wrong with the OG voice of Tim Allen…?
Great trailer.  Good job!
My childhood is being remade. I hope there's no Woke ish in it
" To Infinity And Beyond " 👉👈
I think all of this is a fantasy in the toy Buzz Lightyear's mind, like how he pictured himself to be.
"there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere"
to infinity and beyond!
I hope they make more stories about the other toys
remember reach
It looks like Star Wars
Honestly this feels like a fan made teaser for a fan made movie since Im not used to big companies using this realistic style, and notice they revealed nothing about the plot, just the universe itself, one of those movies I hope are 3 hours long lol  Oh and it looking like a fan made means it's really good
Actually, the only thing left for it to completely blow my mind is when Pixar enters the PG-13 or higher for this. This film industry badly needs a dark story but with PIXAR level of animation.
Прекрасно
Chris evans: I can do this voice over all day😂😂😂😂
Yo is this a starwars spinoff?
I want Buzz Lightyear to get his own trilogy! I cannot wait for this. My whole life I've dreaming of this movie, never thought I'd happen.
Don’t bring Zerg out just yet  Wait for the next 🎥 after this  Milk 🐄
Cool origin story and all, but we already know who is his father.
si esto es verdad o sea toy story esta ambientado en un mundo futurista? si esto le sale bien(supongo que si en cuenta a taquilla como todo lo que hacen) se viene la de buddy?
Where are you Woody
Idk what I just watched but it looks extremely epic
Haha space rangers the movie sick 😎😎
OMG OMG YESSS!!! What is happening?
SPACE, THE FINAL FRONTIER.
As far as Lore goes, this looks like a prequel to Buzz Lightyear of Star Command.
This trailer goes so hard, feel free to screenshot
*YOU ARE A TOY*
if the post credits scene isn't him landing on andy's bed, im going to feel betrayed
amazing trailer 😉😉😉😉
This reminds me of Star Wars and I love it
Wow this look good! Finally a movie I can look forward to seeing!
Let the children dream of an amazing adventure in space!
1:28 is he looking like a character of toy story i forgot the name 😅
Oof
Wish Tim Allen was the voice actor lol. Not going to be the same
Buzz: "Yo Reach can I copy your homeowork I forgot to do it." Halo Reach: "Sure but don't make it obvious" Buzz: -Rocket launch scene-
Ok, I'm calling the meme:    THIS ENTIRE MOVIE WAS WASTED!!!
soo .. where is zurg ?😈
"And" what?
They really meant their    -"infinity and beyond"
This is a *masterpiece* thank you :' )
To the infinity and beyond
Calling it now, the reason Buzz's doll says, "to infinity and beyond" is because it's out of respect for his partner. Something will probably happen to her in this movie and you can see that they both say part of the phrase in the trailer.
So, erm...he's not a toy? 🤣
2021 Best Trailer
Rtx on
Of course after Twitter canceled Tim Allen, they wouldn't cast him for the role.
for me it will always be 'Anant se bhi aage!'
Disney is so woke they had to re cast Tim Allen just because they hate conservatives.
Movies suck these days!
God I’m questioning humanity right now
Does he become a romantic Spanish guy
Where zurg
I thought it was buzz lightyear at first and by the things that i saw i thought it wasnt and then the ending came so its buzz
What if the ending is that his ship malfunctions and sends him another universe. Then the rocket that buzz was in in the first movie could have actually been his spaceship. But it turned into cardboard as he was traveling. That’s why he believed he was a space ranger. Because he really was.
This looks awesome
This looks fantastic, I love a trailer that really gets you excited but doesn’t reveal the whole plot before you get chance to see it
I'm waiting
Impossible  (Thanos meme template )
They didn't use Tim Allen because he has the "wrong" political ideology.
feel free
BEYOND
Maguire lightyear
Cuz Lightyear
Hey Pixar next series of cars or something like that is that coming???? 🙏🙃🙃
If this exist then I hope that a Woody backstory also does
looks great :)
Cuhz lightyear > Buzz lighyear 🥱
sick animation !
Yo why paladin danse got a Pixar movie doe
Who else thinks there's gonna be a different movie about Woody?
Is it rated g or pg?
I hope Zurg is there
Oh wow, this is basically just buzz lightyear lore!
This is such an amazing thing for me, Toy Story was my childhood. Thank you Pixar
This is the most unnecessary film ever made?
My hype range for this is infinity and beyond.
we love buzz
Woody: YOU ARE A TOY!!! Buzz: *Laughs in real astronaut*
Remember Reach
I thought of making s buzzlightyear meme because he looks exactly like him, welp...
Al final saldra boody viendo que toda la historia solo es una simple película de su mundo solo supongo
1:13 best part of the trailer.
I hope Tim Allen has a cameo in the movie
Wow
Or maybe is buzz lightyear
you guys remember he's a toy right
As we know here is some predictions,  I want the little green alien boi’s with three eyes in this film, if not this movies is not good
Finally a real Pixar cartoon.
But HE’S JUST A CHILD’S PLAYTHING!
When he show his chin, i already know who is he 😎
If there's no Emperor Zurg, I'll cry
YEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
Mano, tu é guei?
This looks amazing can’t wait to watch it!!
This is so cool 😎
now THIS is something id watch
This brings me back
BUZZ LOOK AN ALIEN
Light buzzyear finally got his own show
He s like buzz light years
Buzz. LIght
This is bart your space ranger that can reach only infinity but so can thanos so uhh this shows we will have thanos in this movie so your welcome for leaking it   Also I just wasted your time on a dumb fake leak
I see lots of Pixar employees in here trying to hype this movie up....  We will see how good you do first Pixies!👍🏽
Anant se bhi aage  🤍
Then how he turned to Toy.
POGGERS
To infinity and- Buzz lightyear?
OMG
Rakietomania approved
오 미친
Hey look! It's the real buzz lightyear!
Adventures of Buzz and Token
You know this is fake right?
I said, out loud, "Ew he has hands!"
buzz lightyear
they should make a toy for this guy
Looks like Disney extracted my childhood imagination when I was sleeping
C A R T O O N
This looks phenomenal
This goes hard feel free to screenshot
Cool
Biggest spin off since Joker
look guys it's "THE REAL Buzz Lightyear"! Buzz Look! An Alien!!!
This picture goes hard, feel free to screenshot
#Teamsea
Buzz Lightyear😍
#Teamsea
#Teamsea
#Teamsea
#Teamsea
No Tim Allen???
I’m really disappointed that Tim Allen is not voicing buzz light year……………….
Do you think there will be scene where he chills with a cowboy?
I really hope they got some of the characters from the tv show on here
if this was a game i'd buy it right away
(Cool!) It's like( Buck Rodgers) lost in the Galaxy in time travel.
YOU ARE A TOY!!!!!!!!!
Buzz
What if this takes place in the future in the Toy Story universe?
My childhood my heart
The fun part of Buzz is that he is a toy but doesn't realize it, that is where the humour comes from.  This seems just like a ticket selling machine.
Starman
In this trailer there has been a noble 6 halo reference, along with the ship parked in a swamp planet just like Star Wars
Of course the other character had to be black
I like how Bowie is in the soundtrack
Wot
So he is a toy made of plastic but has a human back story? Apart this being for fun, am I missing something?
What is Disney's deal with the woke, butt dart actors lately?
Pog
We need a scene with him taking Darjeeling tea.
Talk about role casting. First Captain America and now Buzz Lightyear
Bro y'all gotta be running out of idea's if you guys are making a Buzz Lightyear movie.
is that buzz lightyear
Thats rare. A big company actually having comments on.
Okay I need this version of Starman please!
buzzzzzz
HE HAS HAAAAIIIIR
Chris Evans keeps levelling up: Human Torch> Captain America > BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
😍🔥🔥
Buzz is a toy. Stop squeezing an already concluded franchise.
Esta pelicula será el contexto total
you are a Child PLAY THING!
"I can fly this spaceship all day."
He a lil bit too fine-
Now I want a movie named "Woody"
CAN WE SEE ZERG AGAIN?????????????? WOWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The music starman fits well with the trailer
Brings back memories .........................
Gracias disney pixar por esta película. El juguete y personaje de mi infancia ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️quiero una trilogia de lightyear y ver batallas del comando estelar y muchos planetas con sus habitantes y luchar contra el emperador zurg 😂😂😩
I have watched this too many times
Wait this actually looks like its gonna be really good hol' up
I can’t wait for this cuz I love toy story lol
Wow! Amazing. I Miss my dad 😭
To infinity and beyond 😭😭😭😭😭 I can't wait
If he doesn't find out he's a toy at the end I'm not watching.
And then he ends up in Andy's Room and meets Woody. Hahaha. God. I would go and see it.
Is this the prequel?
Wasnt he supposed to be a toy?
Good. Now we need a Cowboy moive
😎😎😎
This actually looks amazing.
Another stolen idea by DISNEY...what a shocker
Yo where's XR?
Buzz moment
I miss old Pixar now :O
ZAMN
Awesome !!!
I wonder if zurg will show up in the movie, iirc he was supposed to be a sort of villain to buzz
I have watched this Teaser more than 20times... 😳 It is so much addictive ❤️
This is the best movie they are making in a while
"To infinity and beyond"
This will be Pixar’s best movie by far
Where's woody?
I thought that buzz lightyear image is just some kind of weird Photoshop
Song name?
So…. he’s not a toy? Okay except he absolutely was a toy 😂
Imagine toy stories 1 get a remake
"YOU. ARE. A. TOY!!!"  - his cowboy best friend
...Does this mean there will be a Sheriff Woody Movie?  what a trailer. wow.
I love that Buzz's "scared" reaction to the cat robot thing is the same that he does in Toy Story. I know it's a minor detail but I love it
Hey look an x-wing
To infinity and.. Summer 2022!
woah, Buzz without his suit looks cute
there s a staaaaarmaaaan bowie <3
This video goes hard feel free to screen record
Chris Evans toes the company line. Tim Allen does not. Hard pass.
soulless technology, as everything pixar has done in the last ten years or so. disgraceful
And we all thought Buzz lightyear was just a toy
My heart ♥️ and what an honor it must be for Chris Evans to play this incredible character. 🤍
YES! FINALLY!
To infinity and summer 2022. Guess its not that far after all
Add the SpaceX logo on these films already.
BRO I CANT WAITTTT
Lol what’s next? an origin story of the Woody toy? How about Mr Potato Head?
Finally, I've been waiting for Mrs. Nesbitt's movie.
Tbh this is just a spaceman exploring the space cartoon movie, they just slapped in the title loght year, and put in buzz LY, meh... Animation is kinda cool tho
BEYONDDDDD😉
Buzz looks like from Roblox Squid Game
Anyone else just a little disappointed that its Chris Evans  and not Tim Allen as the voice
Not gonna watch if they replaced Tim Allen.
AND BEYOND
This is now a rtx on gameplay
I Forgot that buzz is a real guy because he has A TOY
Make this into a game disney
So I'm confused if Buzz is a toy will this whole movie just be make believe? Or does this take place in a different universe? Is it before Andy's time? Is this movie about the REAL Buzz Light year? So many questions lol
Joe you can walk!
theres gonna be an explanation for this...which i cannot wait to find out!
i cannot express the excitement right now, i thought today was gonna be like any other day but no. DEFINITELY NOT!!!!!
Who else had tears of joy in their eyes 😭
I wonder if he/she/it identifies as a female...My NAME is BETH Lightyear...it's MA'AM!
아...이거지
Wudy be like:🗿🗿🗿what a nice movie
I'm so excited too watch this. Lol
Nope if Tim Allen is not the voice agree this is trash
Chris Evans is perfect for this role.
Ok Never would have expected this
The animations are on next level
I gotta be honest, it’s really weird seeing buzz as a life size person and not a toy 😂😂 is that just me??
So glad they decided too keep buzz with his original skin colour
I am so grateful that they just updated the animation style and didn't make this live action 😅
BEYOND.
Toy Story > Lightyear
I like the fact this is the only Pixar movie I’m hyped for
THIS.. LOOKS.. SICK!!
🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯
Wait! Tim Allen is not voicing Buzz Lightyear! Booooo. Thanks Disney for being political!
This pic goes hard. Feel free to screenshot
Funny thinking they’re all not even a foot tall 😂
This is probably just me but I like how they animated stuff when toy story 2 came out. Simple
What i want: buzz vs ZURG
Waiting for a big budget movie that isn’t a remake, reboot, spin-off, or sequel 💀
It gave me a big goosebumpsn, when he said "To infinity and.... (BEYOND~)."
did buzz lightyear just evolve?
Them: to infinity and..... Me: BEYOND!!!!
I can’t wait to see this movie I saw the original tv series when I was a kid
I am beyond excited
Buzz Lightyear buzzed my mind
Buuuzzzzzz
May the force be with you lol
I bet buzz is gonna crash land into earth and meet a cowboy named woody
Vers l'infini et haut de là 🚀
One words       "amazing"
Fantasy becomes real. Thanks @pixar for making our dreams come true. #superexcited
Is this one of the Toys Story sequel, because It's kinda similar to Buzz Lightyear
Anyone actually suprised to see buzz's hair although for EVERY toy story he never took off his suit, thats something that suprised me
finally toy story spinoff
Disney with RTX be like
this pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
I will pay an extremely good artist to make a model of this and put this in as a hack in as many space marine shooters as possible. Gears of war, halo, cod, ect.
This is the best pixar movie!!!
This video hits nostalgia, feel free to wishlist.
I fell in love with buzz
Starman but this version where to download?
Buzz Lightyear activated RTX (actually its very very good)
Buzz looks like he’s about to be the next Derrick Chauvin.
I love a song i love itttt🧑‍🎨👨‍💻🧑‍🎨🧑‍🎨🧑‍🎨
I guess we're Andy now watching a Buzz Lightyear movie.
I used to watch the series but they did take their sweet time with this
무한한 공간 저너머로
This Trailer goes hard. Feel free to screenshot.
Starman gave me goosebumps for real man. Hail bowie 🙌
So let's watch TOY STORY 5 trailer. OH BOY!
captain America: avengers...ahhh Buzz: to infinity and....ahhh
Mano tu é??????
The movie everyone wanted but didnt ask for because it seemed outrageous
Next thing you know, they'll be casting Robert Downey Jr as Woody! You mark my words!
YOU ARE A TOY!!!!!!!
I expect to see emperor Zurg enemy galactic alliance!
Pixar: Release Lightyear Teaser Trailer.  1995 Commercial Voice: BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! THE WORLD GREATEST SUPER HERO NOW THE WORLDS GREATEST TOYS
I can’t help but notice that is not Buzz Lightyears signature spaceship he takes off in
Imagine a spaghetti western from Disney after Lightyear.
why
Oh wow another spin off movie, what a surprise.
So its another film about how we can travel forward in time technically
I'm with Team Zurg!  LONG LIVE THE EMPEROR!!!
Better be a Woody origin story.
So check this: When this comes out they will make toys based on a spaceman from this film, who is based on a toy from a film and that toy is based on a spaceman from a film in that film.
Детство снова оживает на наших глазах))
It's the fact that I'm 30 and excited for this movie.
When the song started everybody got goosebumps. Don't lie
I thought this would be like the new sonic movie, a haunting. But this, looks amazing.
where does this add in the toy story universe😂😂 or is it all in Buzz's head again like in toy story 1😂😂
Ah yes, the return of the Astronut
Ananth se bhi aage
Buzz Lightyear: And ... Captain America: To infinity and what? You didn't finish!
Бесконечность не предееееел!
Where the Zurg😂
Bro are they using RTX 3600 Because My god this is beutiful
GOOSEBUMPS
We waited crhis evans to say “avengers assemble” now we are wating him to say “ to infinity and beyond” 🙃
Is that Dagoobah ?
This trailer didn't make me feel anything, so bland
Pixar are prolly gonna make at least a billion dollars once this hits theatres
This movie is going to carry 2022
To infinity and beyond
Does that mean we could get a woody movie?
Its buss
Please put in Netflix lol
Hyped
Ngl, I needed this!
Why didn’t they bring tim allen? Kinda stupid if u ask me
The teaser trailer is amazing lol
I don’t know why but when I saw the cat turning it’s head I got some squid game vibes
Woody be like : YOU ARE A TOY!!!!!!!!
Not that the memes came right before this to promote the movie bu accident
Disney shlould adjust the film.... Put some wokeness plot in a story!! Like making buzz a transgender!!! So Disney can use the new pronouns in the movie!! Or Disney is a afraid to loss revenue if they move in that direction!!!
this pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
Moment i heard david bowie i knew i have to see this.
Fun fact: this is technically not the first toy story movie that has Buzz as a main character. Toy story 2 and 3 kinda had Buzz as a main character with more screentime than Woody.
OMG
"Where's Woody!"
"made in Taiwan"  My childhood is back!
0:50 I’m sure this will be the sad moment of Pixar. Buzz finds out his home planet got destroyed and he has to fly back to time with his spaceship before it got destroyed.
0:06 joe biden
and beyond.
Ms nezbit
1:18 Come on that's gotta be Zurg!
Is this toys story?
I am totally shocked and appalled that Pixar/Disney what do a Buzz Lightyear feature film and not have it voiced by Tim Allen. When they get a backlash from all the fans, and no one goes to the film, Heads Will Roll! Just like when the television show last man standing was cancelled by ABC television. Heads rolled then, and I predict I will roll again. I love the character of Buzz Lightyear because that was brought to life by Tim Allen. Can you imagine all of the marketing money they're going to lose by not being able to sell toys with the voice of Tim Allen, the one and only, original Buzz Lightyear? This is one of the dumbest things that Disney has done other than raising the price of admission after the new Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge attraction opened in 2019, and they couldn't figure out why sales were down during the first weeks of grand opening. Oh that's right! It was because they decided to raise the admission fees to all of their parts just before the attraction opened. Since 2000, the price of admission to Disneyland has nearly quadrupled from $43 to $164,. I have been a big fan of Disney over the years, and a big fan of Buzz Lightyear. I hate to say it's, this is the only Toy Story franchise movie that I will not be seeing!!!
やばいテンション上がりすぎて語彙力低下してる
Why he looks like the ROCKETMAN from the movie TOY STORY???? 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I hope that Team Lightyear from Buzz Lightyear: Star Command end up in this film, even if they're just cameos.
巧感動~
Oh my goddddddd
Doom x toy story vibes
I just literally got chills! It's almost my 35th birthday, and I remember my mom got me a Buzz Lightyear toy for my 14th birthday and I was obsessed with it!
Me who have no money Also me time to do a lil bit of pirating
I hope they make action figures from this movie, my son Andy would love it for his birthday 🥳!
Is it just me or does Buzz look a bit like Tom Cruise?
whoah! I did not know Kerbal Space Program had a movie!
Why is he human
I wanna see the end credit, seeing andy and his toys watching this movie
This looks like a serious movie. Seriously good.
Who is this because it ain’t buzz light year
So this is a movie about a movie that was in a movie, isn't it?
And that how buzz was made
I wonder if Pixar will ever make 2D movies again?
I REALY want to see Zergs model
Why am I as an adult happy to see this 😀
This pict goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Will you PLEASE release this version of Starman! What an honour to David Bowie 🥺
What even is this? Buzz Lightyear the *action-figure* from Toy Story becomes a real human?
Halo reach long night of solace.
the animation is amazing its jus so amazing
I’m…. In love with this. I don’t know how much I’ve needed this until I actually got it
Wow
Pov:you're andy
Make a Fictional Toy, give them a Fictional TV show based on the toy. Then give them a REAL Movie adaptation of that Fictional TV show.
Imagine a whole movie for every toy from Toy story, man that would be so Pixar-ing
Wait wait wait wait, at the end it said to infinity and summer 2022! That's not it, it's TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!!. Pixar, this is incredible, can't wait tbh
I will be ready for the movie.
To infinity and beyond😱
Anant se bhi aage..
It looks like all the pixar animated movies in the last few years, very unoriginal
So its really about the diverse strong & empowered astronaut who is the one saving him from making constant mistakes. I can see its woke garbage a mile away. Not surprised one bit. Thats why i never watch TV or go to cinemas any more.
"Basically star wars but its pixar"
To infinity and beyong.
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampaui nya
Anime is still better than diney animation
Wait- Isn't he a toy? How is that possible?
why I am I so excited for this, I'm 29 years old....
Plot twist: it's a video game played by Rex 😏.
So..... If Buzz crashes his ship will he  repair it with a "Universal Bonding Strip?" 😉
When it's released?
Did anyone else notice that the cat looks like goose from the mcu and one of the environments looked a bit like daegoba as in yoda's swamp planet
DON'T YOU GUYS REMEMBER,IN THR FIRST TOY STORY FILM WOODY SAID"Oh guys it's the real Buzz Lightyear"from there i thing i know there's the movie about buxz Edit:Also please tell me that thing in red door is Zurg
am i the only one who thought of this as a solo movie of buzz lightning from toy story
Buzz light year star command the ps1 game was immense hopefully there’s a tie in into that for a change
so that explains the delusions of Buzz Lightyear the toy being a real astronaut.. cause he IS in real life
Was waiting for this since the past 30 years..FINALLY !!
This teaser is the manifestation of "this pic goes hard feel free to screenshot"
Oh cool, more toys to sell.
Incroyable
The graphic ✨✨✨
When y’all realize buzz was never a toy💀🤣
rtx on
Please, be good.
Why does Buzz look like such a cop now :(
as someone in his 30s that didn't really care all that much about toy story, i still find this pretty cool xD
Personally growing up with toystory and all the other good movies i cant be more exited for this movie than if i won the lotto this look so good and i know toystory fans are going to love it
I still got Toy Story on cassette tape......but this really the story we been waiting for....I wish Tim Allen had kept the voice over though but hey, younger guy I get ot
1:07 the pose buzz does in this part is the same pose he does in the toy story movies you can see it when buzz attacks the toys in the third movie
Why did the music remind me of walle😅?
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampaui nya.~
And no Tim Allen?!
Woody: YOU ARE A TOY Buzz: Well yes but actually no.
CGI within 2 decades looks totally different. Imagine what it would looks like in the future!
I felt like I lived my childhood dream. Buzz was my Hero, Buzz was my Doppelganger, Buzz was my nickname because my name started with B..Buzz was all in my mind that I dreamt for my dreamy life. TO INFINITY AND BEYOND 💖
can't wait to see princess Mira & Warp Darkmatter
This movie looks like the better Captain Marvel.  • Has aloof space cadet as hero/protagonist • Space themed adventure in 90s aesthetics • Not-real-cat companion. • Hero has catchphrase shared with black female sidekick.
In the first age, in the first battle, when the shadows first lengthened, one stood. He chose the path of perpetual torment. In his ravenous hatred he found no peace. And with boiling blood he scoured the umbral plains seeking vengeance against the dark lords who had wronged him. And those that tasted the bite of his sword named him... the doom slayer.
This vid goes hard, feel free to screenrecord
'To Infinity' 'anddd' KABOOOMM
Buzz + Bowie a match made in heaven.
to affinity and beyon!    -buzz
Really????🤔🤔🤔
Brilliant 🙌  To infinity and beyond....
After this one, we need Woody's origin ASAP!
This made me cry.
Is this the new Starcraft 3?
Al infinito y mas allaaaa.... hay un hombre en la entrellas
Paladin Danse got his own movie... Woohoo
Would have loved to watch it if the unnecessary political correctness was absent.
Nice trailer
Now this is a Disney movie i'm interested on watching!
YESS
Where's his iconic voice?
This Is A Official Character As Buzz Lightyear In Toy stories
This looks like a nice movie 🙂
#TimAllenIsBuzzLightyear
that’s not woody
Nayla ga nnton
That's not flying; thats falling with style!
Wait are the aliens in the toy story clawmachine from buzz lightyears story too?
Wait, Buzz has hair?!
1:29 Feel free to screenshot  This picture goes hard
this pic gose hard feel free to screeen shot
pixar got inspired by some fan art of human version of buzz
Am I the only one that wants to see how the little aliens from toy story would look like in this movie?
I just thought, that later Buzz will explore the time machine where he will travel to the cowboy era where he will meet woody.. Haha🙄
Buzz plus Cap equal Captain Lightyear.
And???
This is probably just Andy's imagination
2021 Movie's marketing : Make a solos movie of all character
From a toy he become an astronaut 😱
Just a toy
Cutting off to infinity and... really puts the tease in teaser trailers
Wait, all this time he had hair?
Hey this could be actually good! I always wondered why the whole Buzz Lightyear space ranger thing didn't get more attention. I remember the first 2d animated movie being one of my favourites as a kid.  Though this is modern Disney we're talking about so they're probably gonna find a way to ruin this.
No me atrapa
Hahhaa i see some comment that he has hairs. Because we never see another his look before😂
I just immagine the sequel, whit Woodie instead
27 years in the waiting...From Pixar...To Infinity...and BEYOND!
They couldn’t have picked a better guy to voice Buzz than Chris Evans! So excited for this. Looks really good.
Omg omg omg please help me i’m going to die,
I'm so stoked for this movie
I cannot wait for this new movie
Wow
I hope his enemy is Antagonis from Toy Story'2
Welp, I'm sold.  I think expanding on the Buzz Lightyear universe is an excellent idea.  I look forward to watching it.
Idk how i feel about this movie lol. I grew up watching buzz lightyear of space command on abc one saturday morning and toy story is one of my fav movies but idk if i care to see this movie
No Tim Allen, no deal
Lets see why Andy like buzz so much
BROOOOOOO
This is definitely for grown who was in Toy Story in a back days
Remakes.   Remakes everywhere.😂😂😂😂  Jk. I'm actually pretty excited for this though! It looks good!
Human Buzz is voiced by Chris Evans. I like Tim Allen as Buzz Lightyear better. This Toy Story spin-off movie is really going to suck big time.
The David Bowie song got me on board so hard, had no interest until now
So this is the lore of buzz light-year toy?
Liked it until that other character stole his catchphrase.
This is very interesting—
To infinity all day.
How about Toy story 5
1:19 is this zurg popping out of steel door 🤔
I forgot this was a Pixar movie of how good this is
How about woody the film?
That astrounot looks like that astrounot guy in toy story
This video goes so hard. Feel free to download
No
bruh, why not tim allen. THE ORIGINAL! i mean chris evans is cool, but tim allen is the og buzz lightyear
1:28 I need to hear the "And Beyond" right now.    Also David Bowie :D
“Hmm yes, the floor here is floor.”
omg im so excited
This an unbelievably amazing I can’t wait make it sooner Pixar
Im embarrassed to say how many times ive watched this trailer
-dramatic backstory of a newly animated classic character -
Why am i crying 🥲 is this tear of happiness i remember my childhood 😌
There's a StarMan waiting in the sky...
somehow . Woody out there begging for pixar to make a Cowboy sheriff space adventure while riding a green trex to bust 2 overgrown mutated potato . yepp , yepp .
They might even make movie like this with woody
I know this comment section is all about how happy we are about how far Pixar has come, but, Buzz out of his classic suit is kind of disturbing
Buzz is a brunette?!?!??
"To infinity, and beyond!" -Buzz Lightyear   Plot twist: Since the voice actor of Buzz Lightyear gets older, Pixar has aided the actor of Captain America in the Marvel Cinematic Universe to do the voice of the protagonist.
Loved David Bowie's Starman in this one❣
Stan Smith, is that you?
Doom guy vibes
Even tho I’ve never dream’t of this happening, it’s a dream come true
What's next ? A Shreiff Woody western spinoff ? A Jurassic park like Rex spinoff ?
They really gave this man a fade, chain & diamond earrings on the meme world. This is why we can't have nice things😭😭
Love this trailer, the David Bowie song was such a great addition. May he Rest In Peace. The entire trailer felt so good. It feels like it’s going to be a more serious movie since this is the Human version of Buzz that the Toy is based on. Very excited to see this movie. Great job Pixar! Chris Evans is gonna be great as Buzz Lightyear!
Buzz with the HYPER SPEED
This is giving me massive wall-e vibe. . . . . I LOVE IT!
7 year old kid wait to seen this movie.  26 year old me : Yo!
Y’know, I’m actually excited to see this movie
To infinity, and...   Assemble.
This looks amazing! Can't wait to watch it!!
finally… interstellar 2
YES!!! finally a remake with a POC along side the main character, these movie makers are so edgy and brave!
I'm so confused about how this even goes with the toy story series.... I get that it's a origin story for Buzz, but like how???? Did the toy companies program the toys with a whole backstory? If so, aren't they basically creating sentient life???? Unless, the toy Buzz Lightyear was literally based off of a person in the toy story universe, but this tech looks futuristic so that wouldn't make sense if it's a backstory unless there is time travel.... This just makes me ask so many more questions about the toy story world now..... But I'll still watch it I guess....
Woody should be voiced by Robert Downey Jr. In his own spin-off.
The dog took 50 computers to render this took only 1
*My god*
Buzz lightyear
Excuse me I think the word you're searching for is- SPACE. RANGER.
When you live in Australia so you don’t know if this actually means it comes out in winter 🥶 🤔
Buzz Lightyear: The Winter Soldier
“that’s not flying, that’s falling in style.!”
This movie is gonna make us cry, I can feel it
my chilldhood is back again thank you pixal
Anant se bhi aage .
Pixar... Government is going to announce a holiday when you release it.
I have a feeling this won’t ruin the previous movies and animations even with a new animation
This cat sounds like woody 1:13
I hope he has a gauge that reads"||||to||||infinity||||&||||||B||E|||Y||||O|||||N||||||DDDDDDDD as he accelerates..
I do not miss it for nothing, it is very good
I love it!   At first I was a little thrown off as I thought to myself..  ..."how in the world did Buzz Lightyear actually blast off in a real rocket ship and do all of this only to make it into Andy's room?"   But then I had to remember that it was the (action figures) that were based off of the (real) Buzz Lightyear and Woody and so on.  I like how we completely broke away from the platform of toys and dove right into the reality of the lives of each individual character such as Buzz Lightyear.   I thought to myself..  ..."there would really be no way for the real Buzz Lightyear to have ever met the real Woody because of the time difference, considering Woody was based in the 1950s and Buzz Lightyear is clearly out of the future.   But maybe that's the catch, maybe Mr. Buzz Lightyear will figure out a way to time travel in order to come face to face with a friend he never thought he'd know. 😉
I wonder who is going to voice as Zurg.
I mean... of course Buzz looks this good. Chris Evans is voicing him 💁🏽‍♀️ I’m sooooo ready to watch this though!
Man literal Goosebumps
Man literal Goosebumps
The ending’s going to emotionally destroy me isn’t it.
And what?
Lightyear is real?
no
Oh
What if they had one of woody in the old west? That would be interesting
Gotta get that money
la animación es una locura, está a otro nivel
this looks sick
XD
This should be a Disney Park Ride!
This Time We want a Real Cowboy's Story 2023. And Woody Will take back his WORDS!
I would love to hear Queen's "Don't stop me now" as one of the songs in this movie!  Who feel me?
This is the first movie I've genuinely been excited for in a long time
Bruh, the music is so hype
Plot twist buzz was just dreaming in realife he's just a toy.
The nostalgia almost made me cry, the music is perfect.
I smell Oscar .
He be looking like a salamander space marime
is zorg gonna be in the movie?
No Tim Allen = No Interest tbh
God I never thought I would be more excited for a new Toy Story universe movie than the final Smash fighter
Buzz lightyear
😮
I'm so conflicted about Chris Evans voicing buzz instead of Tim Allen 😥
so zaku's are in pixar now?
Do y'all imagine if the next year they do a cowboy movie about Woody??
next is woody having his own lore
B E Y O N D
Wait. Is he even a toy anymore
Wait what??? Buzz is a human or...???
0:52 this pic goes hard, feel free to ss
I have so many questions. Does this take place in the television show? Why do the other humanoid toys look so human?
BUZZ LOOK AN ALIEN!!
Woody round up gang please
David Bowie didn’t deserve to die
can't believe they're really making "Buzz Lightyear: Origins" into a thing
We better get a Woody movie n I hope it's a bad cowboy gone good kind of thing like Arthur Morgan in Rdr2
This is just a Toy Story with RTX on
1:07 epic robot cat flip
so stunning
what next? woodie the cowboy?
excited to see this! :D
Rex should be in this movie as a enemy who want to defeat buzz
👍OwO
Great use of Bowie’s “Starman.”  I would happily buy that version. These orchestral remixes are awesome.
Ok, but what if this move explains why toys can talk? O_O
it's real?
What’s the name of the song?
Ayo? Pixar actually making a banger????
Hey miren es el juguete
This was Chad before he grew a beard
Bro this looks incredible buzz was my favorite character from toystory and the fact thats he's getting his own movie is even cooler i just wish Tim Allen was returning to play the character he brought to life
Therapist: Buzz Lightyear without his suit on isn’t real. He can’t hurt you. Pixar: 1:21
So this is the real, human Buzz Lightyear. The person that the toy Buzz Lightyear is based off of. 🤔
La lloradera...en que momento saldrá Zurg
To Infinity And Beyond !!!
He is more than a toy...
Render Que Estimated Finish Time:: SPRING 2022
Overthinking this one will be very fun because there is lots to overthink
🥺
oh. my
Loved it
My 3 year old soul is coming out! Now I'm 13!
Pixar never fails to get me hyped
Lo que Andy imaginaba cuando jugaba con Boss XD.
buzz
At 1:18, those grunts remind me of Z’goks lol. It’s all Neo Zeon’s fault
I almost forget sometimes that buzz Lightyear had it's own show
I want to see this
Vg
If Tim Allen isnt the voice this will bomb 💯%
Gettin some mega wall-e vibes here
Buzz I am ur father - Zurg
Cool 😎
Boring
This is how buzz he think he was
So is it actually going to focus on Buzz or will it make fun of him? Hope it's a well written, well directed movie.
I wish all the money here was spent on something more creative. That said, this is still pretty cool, especially for today's standards of kids movies.
Zurg better be in this movie
Why is he in space he's a toy
This goes hard.................
Cant Wait, This gonna be epic
Are these the origins of buzz?
great
So basically Halo Reach? The rocket takeoff scene looks exactly like the Saber program scene
Super 👌.. nothing haven't exited me like this in 2021
I used to watch the 2d animation it was a lot more ci-fi but this gives a more modern feel
I’m so excited my childhood has been realized
I can't read
So if the toy is based off of him, wheres Andy's modern timeline?
Guys it’s Jeff bezos jk I love this
andy weir better be responsible for at least 101% of this story
No Tim Allen, no go…
And they'll make one called: Potato-Man
Please have wall-e references Please have wall-e references Please have wall-e references Please have wall-e references
I kinda want Buzz to say I Can Do This All Day in Lightyear
whats this lvl 4 chin?
Why this looks like a "this pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot"                                       -Dolan Dark
Is this a movie or tv series or what?
Woody: "Hey Guys look its the REAL Buzz Lightyear.!"  Me: EXACTLY This is the real buzz Lightyear.
I’m in tears, this is how my childhood began 20 years ago
Wait what there's a movie?!
Imagine at the end of the movie Buzz is at a toy company getting pitched his action figure!
esa calidad de animación es increible
This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Wondering if this movie will link to the Toy Story timeline?
BUZ PARADOY? lol
So..... Isn't Buzz Lightyear a toy? Also how horrible to replace Tim Allen. That's about as ridiculous as Chris Pratt playing Mario. Stop changing the voice actors..
Disney: Okay the main is a white male, so let’s make the rest of them black.
Will there be a movie based on woody next ?
Looks cool!
Looks interesting, definitely watching this.
Hes a legend so they make a toy of him
What’s this based on?
1:08 shows us that Buzz came from the past because the speeds he went (and possibly,  the gravity of the sun) altered time (since thanks to Einstein's relativity) as he traveled space
Idont wanna be that guy but...where is Booster, Mira, and XR ??? Did we need to add a "strong female black" co lead ? Not tryna hate just feels like pandering
Buzz is a soviet cosmonaut
Wait Buzz was a cat owner?
Cant wait for another toy story bloopers
Words cannot describe how this has ruined my childhood since the first toy story
Looks wack. Just keeping it real.
Reminds me of Garen for some reason
Ngl he kinda looks like Mr. Incredible
el lore de buzz light year sheeeeesh
This goes hard. I'm going to screenshot this maybe
“Buzz, you must travel to the Dagobah system. There you will find Yoda. He will teach you the way to find your father.”
For one who've only known Buzz Lightyear from Toy stories, this feels quite exotic and exciting 😂
This is….. beautiful
This movie looks awesome
I’m so confused
I don't want play with you anymore
“T-O-Y TOY!!!”
Just wow . So wow!
YOU ARE A TOY!!!
soooo buzz lightyear of star command by way of farscape. cool.
people people people
To Infinity And Beyond!
This teaser trailer goes hard  Feel free to share
YEARS OF ACADEMY TRAINING WASTED
Looks like sing for absolution muse music video
After 27 years it's confirmed that Buzz has a head full of hair
Noice, chris evans :D
MCU Confirmed
This will help us save the ocean 😎
I'm hoping that there would be a WALL-Easter Egg in this movie
I feel like this is gonna be a sad movie of the main character not being able to return home
This trailer goes so hard, feel free to download
0:32 Did anyone notice the Lamp costellation?
starman... to infinity ;)
Alright, this better lead to them making a Woody movie like a Spaghetti Western.
so buzz isn't bald....
Spoiler Alert: This is Star Wars, but not Star Wars
I'm curious where this fits in the Pixar-vurse timeline
earl james Jones will be zurg
If Pixar has tried to make this film in this GREAT Quality at time toy story 1, Oh! man it would took Light year to release,Light year movie
Mano tu e?
If there isn't a boss fight between him and Zurg disney has taken a huge L
Either this or toy story 5
everywhere, everywhere everywhere
Yes!!
We're going to the moon in 2024, I'll wait for that.
Jay Leno?
Pixar really missed out on the opportunity to give Buzz a "buzz" cut
Me: comes to watch to see the awful tension of buzz   Me: enjoys the trailer
I'm disliking the video because he didn't finish the line
I’m hyped for this movie
you are a toy!!!!
Getting doomguy vibes
Darm this change a lot over the years
WHY DIDNT WE GET TO HEAR HIS VOICE
They should really do a origin story of woody and Jessie too just like this one, not toys related but the stories their toys are based on
0:26 has to be a reference to Reach
Not the same without Tim Allen sorry not sorry
Woody : Hey , guys look it's the real Buzz Lightyear  Buzz : *YES INDEED WOODY*
Shoulda gave him waves
Everyone's talking about the trailer I'm still surprised the comment section is it turned off
I’m so hyped for this movie. As a kid I always imagined what Buzz’s adventures would look like on the big screen. Star command only fueled my curiosity. And the David Bowie Star man in the background is just the cherry on top. I can’t wait until this comes out!
Plot twist: it's all just a story in Buzz's head while he waits for a kid to pick him up as their toy.
Anyone else notice the desk lamp constellation as buzz is climbing into space?
YOOO DOOM GUY IN PIXZAR!?!?!  jk
The movie could have made so much more money if they did Tim Allen do the voice
Excellent choice of music
I think this might be before toy story 1
I am the only one thinking they're all still toy-sized, exploring a tiny universe?
I love the fact that Pixar is just making this for nostalgic adults
Visually I like it. I think if this is supposed to the guy who inspired the Buzz Lightyear toy then I might get the voice change but Tim Allen is still iconic and probably still should have been used
So are you saying in the toy story universe, there's space travel and they made toys after this guy
And they didn't have Tim Allen voice buzz light-year because...? It wasn't like Tim Allen was the voice for the original buzz light-year. 🤨
I like to imagine that he ends up documenting a giant green reptile on a certain planet, a stretchy canine that can extend its spine, and at some point has a chat with local law enforcement and makes a new friend
I like the other animations better
Yummmmmy military propaganda
ima tell my kids this is how i got rich off shiba inu. #tothemoonbaby!!!!
I like how they don't show any part of Chris Evans voice acting because they know people are going to hate it this is not buzz lightyear this is buzz rip off
Desde toy story 2 no he visto una película de disney en cines, creo que ya será tiempo, ahora sin mis padres
MY Favorite Disney/Pixar Character 💚💚💚
When I first sawll this movie I said wait a minute... its a toy story movie
😭😭😭👏👏👏👏
I’m confused tho I thought buzz is a toy is this movie just an homage
Can't wait for a full movie for Woody as well ❤
To Infinity and BEYOND!
Guys I am buzz light year
It just occurred to me that they didn’t even show Zurg in this trailer
Do you think that Andy was making a story about buzz in College, and this movie was the product?
Just waiting to see BnL slide in here somewhere
This pic goes hard. Feel free to screenshot.
Maby toy buzz is a real guy that thay made toys out of like the obama action figure
I wonder if Tim Allen is going to voice him
Buzz here remenber me to Karl Urban ir Gerald Butler.
Impossible
Why does he remind me of Tom Cruise 💀
TU É MANO?
thumbnail goes hard, feel free to screenshot
You got a friend in me you got a friend in me😁
Broooo 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍!!! Amazing
nice
I really didn't see that one and WOW!! Can't wait to see the movie 😶😆
this pic goes hard feel free to take a screenshot: the movie
Oh, they're releasing this already? But we've only been waiting *26 years*
It's  just me... or the disign and the launch scene is kinda looking like the launching scene of Saber Project in Halo Reach...
0:23 I get some "this pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot" vibes from this
beyond
Of course there's a jogger as probably the second main character :(
Would be amazing if they used public service broadcastings song Go! In this
I wonder if he’s put in a box on earth for toys in post credits
I think it should end like this buzz crashes on earth and meets woody
Can we also get a gritty spaghetti western starting Woody?
Is Buzz Lightyear sick or something?
Really come on "YOU ARE A TOY!!!!!"
I wanna see this, it looks and sounds AWESOME!
Will Zurg be in this?
Buzz look an alien!
Space Oddity
A Space Cowboy Woody voiced by Tom Hanks. Maybe maybe not....
No Tim Allen? That sucks.
0:52  G E G A  L A D
When you 36 years old and more excited than your kids are!
My god...... HE HAS HAIR!!!
SUPEEEER, GOOOD( AND MUSIC "STARMAN")!
Lightyear in real life
There better be a battle between Buzz and Zurg or imma lose it😤
I have a bit of a theory. What if this is the real Buzz Lightyear and the buzz we see in toy story is just a toy resembling this guy?😮
Female pilot: To Infinity... Buzz lightyear: ...and Halo!! Female pilot: Wait what?? Buzz lightyear: Oops, wrong dimension.
this looks dope ngl
That’s cool! Wonder if Zurg is gonna be a part of this?
I can't stop rewatching
I actually thought this was a game! 🤣🤣🤣 BTW Nice trailer.
I have been waiting for this movie since 1995, and I was born in 2003.
you cease to disapoint me
So... this isn't a toy story show, but a sci-fi series? Even though we know a few characters, this is pretty close to a whole new sci-fi universe...I'm a little excited.
its funny how y'all just post this video yet its been up on youtube for a week xD
Imagine he pulls out a Woody toy to remember his childhood.
This movie looks amazing
I'm here for all the adults theories on a children's film series
I thought he was a toy…
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND
So, in the 2000's you'd get a toy version of Buzz from toy story which was a toy version of Buzz from this movie. Now in 2022 you'll get a toy version of Buzz from this movie.
Plot twist: Zurg is David Bowie
disney: no dismemberment in star wars also disney: 1:12
"LOOK EVERYONE! It's the >REAL< BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!!!"
Imagine when it ends and its just Andy playing with his toys
I need to know who dislikes this video? I need to hear the reason
HOW CAN YOU NOT HAVE TIM ALLEN VOICE BUZZ!!??  Chris Evans… Really. 😒 Tim is Buzz, and Buzz is Tim. Disappointed Pixar.
Man, that new high dynamic range technology for 3d animation is really changing the industry.
To Infinity....
BUZZ HAS HAIR???
"To infinity and-" Me: "beyond"  *sheds tear*
I cannot wait for this
this is before toy story movie
I just want to know how is the music of the teaser ? And I know it’s David Bowie, what I don’t know is the name of the music.
Even though I still really want Pixar to go back to making original movies, I'm happy to see that they might be revisiting the darker and more serious tone of The Incredibles from 2004.
ok memories are back and I'm officially gonna cry
This is soo cool! Can’t wait to see it! I hope it’s better than toy story 4 but can’t top the original 3
Second movie from Disney that took some notes from Halo Reach   (Referring to the space launch and the ship design, very similar to Reach’s Long Night of Solace mission)
They chose thr best song for the trailer
Mano, tu é?
I haven't been this excited for a animated movie in a while. nice to see a original movie for once. Sick of these reboots/remakes
LOOK GUYS! ITS THE *REAL* BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!
Toy story 6?
Pixar through the dart 🎯  Then— drew the bullseye around it.  But, this time I think Bullseye 🐴 would approve.
I have a feeling Woody will end up being like Clint Eastwood.
You guys are just gonna forget about ZURG? Buzz Lightyears arch enemy?
Who's going to be the voice of emperor Zurg ? Tom Hardy 💪⚫🕷️ Adam driver ❌ Idris Elba 🐯🦬🚔 Hugo Weaving 🤖🚚 🔴💀 Andy Serkis 👑🦍  Andrew Stanton 👿🔫🐢
so surprised to hear David Bowie's voice in buzz lightyear's trailer!!!
no tim allen, my interest in this goes wayyyyyy down
yes! this is what we wanted! find out the history of the real Buzz Lightyear!
I’m torn between feeling like realistic Buzz falls into the uncanny valley and feeling like this is going to be one of the most epic movies ever.
That moment you realize this is all a 7 year old kid’s imagination 😂
Holly cow! I love it! Better than Dune for sure!
0:33 Pixar lamp, did anyone else notice it?
I believe in big head buzz superiority
its BUUUUZZZZZ
Buzz RTX on
At the beginning I was thinking “man, this guy really looks like buzz lightyear” it took like a minute for me to realize that That’s what this entire movie was about.
To infinity AND BEYOND!
Having watched this trailer far too much I think I am willing to place money on the plot of this movie being time dilation, similar in concept to how Interstellar showed the astronauts struggling to reconcile how their hours of percieved time had translated to decades on earth. At 1 minute in you can see what I can only assume to be the same launch tower we see in the very first scene, except built up to a frankly absurd scale. Something o that size seems like it must have taken at least a good few years of constant work, if not longer.  Edit: I guess this isnt actually as shocking a reveal as I might make it seem, given how the whiteboard shown at 1:08 quite clearly states the Buzz will experience time dilation that will make his seemingly short trip take years on earth. I imagine this will be a constant presence rather than something only touched on a bit.
I’m sold they used David Bowie
so visually stunning
Is it just me or does Buzz’s suit kinda remind you of DoomSlayers?
Halo Reach
I hope they don't make it woke
...This is so weird. It's a movie based on a fictional series associated with a fictional toy from a movie.
It will be great if at the end of the movie, Buzz lost in blackhole and back to earth in 1800's n meets Woody.
When I first heard about this I thought it would be bad but it actually looks really cool!!
Nice
No Tim Allen, no buy.
Im feeling mixed emotions about this
Great song choice
الى اللانهائية وما بعدها
There will be only one buzz ,TIM ALLEN!!!!
Can’t wait for Mr Potato Head Movie to come out 😅
Ngl realistic Buzz is scaring me. That's my sleep paralysis demon right there. It doesn't look bad tho lol
Next up, "The Cowboy"?
Buzz Lightyear !!!!! OMG !! To infinity and beyond !
David Bowie Rocks from Valhalla
When the og suit gets revealed* Me: gets Doom and Half life Flashbacks*
So, we are getting a movie, based off a different movie, based off a toy, based off a TV show.  Wow.
Where's Woody?
Imagine if it gets rated pg-13
So they made the toy after a real guy or something
where Is Tim allen?
Now I just can’t help but think how much this movie will ruin the PIXAR theory
Tim Allen is in this one...Right??
This is so cool, I can't wait for the woody cinematic movie
What if buzz ligthyear the toy was made in honor of a real spaceman in the pixar lore and this movie is about that spaceman?
this goes so hard feel free to screenshot
Broh did  he got real
Buzz Lightyear, starring Chris Redfield
Bruh this is a movie that takes place within the toy story universe as in like a promotional movie made for the backstory of the buzz lightyear toy
If Zurg is in this, PLEASE let David Kaye voice him
Ok I’m in
Se ve bien.
Ohboi.
Cannot wait for the sequel Star Command. Watch 2026
This is only my 6th time watching it I swear      Ok maybe 7th                    Why are you reading this low                          Ok ok 13th               15             16.                 Ok 18 now
I’m definitely watching this, but it’s going to be so weird to me seeing Buzz without Woody since they were the inseparable duo in all Toy Story movies (well, except 4, but yknow)
Бесконечность не предел...
Woddy actual when?
I didn't know they were making a movie about Noble 6 😂
what about woody
Ich bin so gespannt auf den Film. Werde ich mir bestimmt im Kino angucken☺️😊
0:22 Why does this remind me of the Sabre from Halo?
Nice I’m so hype for this! It looks great!
I keep watching this over and over again.  I simply can't get enough of Lightyear. It seems like it will be more intense than normal Pixar movies.
I watched this a unhealthy amount of times
Since I was a little girl....I wanted to know the backstory to the characters of toy story....now.....now we have one...and quite possibly...more to follow... " To Infinity And Beyond "
To infinity and...................
its the space guy from toy story
So buzz was just a toy version all along I thought was a made up toy instead of made after a astronaut
Con razón el Buzz no se creía juguete xd
Hey guys look, it’s the real Buzz Lightyear!
No
And then in the end they reveal the toys are part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and everything we ever thought about them being toys is all just one version of reality. Did y’all really need to get so deep into this? It was a cute movie about how kids group up and outgrow their toys. In the first one Woody literally yells at Buzz that he’s just a toy. Now we’re gonna act like he’s a real life character and this is his backstory even though we know he was made in a toy factory? Yeah let’s just let them squeeze as much nostalgia cash out as physically possible. Just make original stories and let the past go already.
He’s not an astronaut he’s space ranger😎😎😎
Buzz looks like he’s gonna hate crime me
Oscar is waiting..
They look like proper humans, instead of just vinyl figurines
1:07 For a split second, Buzz poses as if he is going to use the laser he had in Toy Story. 1:09 The robot shows them how Buzz is going to turn years into minutes for himself. (I think...)
What's next? Woody?
If this movie doesn't end with everything being an actual movie that rex is watching on tv im gonna be dissapointed.
So does that put buzz and thus UP and for the space tech Wall-E before all of toy story… where does that put cars? Because I always though they came after Wall-E…
I thought this is a joke
No mans sky the movie featuring Buzz
BEYOOOOOND
Astronauta Pereira>>>>>>>>>Buzz Lightyear
The perfect song
Nice 👌
Plot Twist: This is a dream and the tentacle is just one of Sid's messed up toys
Chris Evans is #NotMyBuzz
Okay but imagine a trailer like this, but for Woody 😳
9M views 😱
This is before Joe Swanson can walk.
But I don't get it... so this is the story about the man the toy was based on,  but how would that explain that the toy talks?, lol  Someone explains me :(, I'm such an ignorant
I was always curious who Buzz Lightyear actually was! I wasn’t to know what he does and what he’s known for but I only knew him as a toy 😅😢
I did, in fact, feel free to screenshot
this is how you make a trailer: get people excited for the movie without revealing too much about the plot
Imagine this was R-Rated😂 To infinity and beyoooonnnddd🤤
Pixar, you are not a marvel Star Wars mix. Stop
OMG STARMANN
cheesy. if we're going to have a superhero cartoony movie, i'd rather the lead be Captain Qwark.
More hyped for this than the Mario movie.
It's not the same voice actor from the TV show and the Toy Story films :'( :'(
Leave it to Pixar to make something I didn't even know I wanted
In the future coronavirus becomes rocket fuel
and… summer 2022
больше негров, даже в мультике
"Im a real boy now" -buzz lightyear
Who came here looking for the possible resemblance between the Alien franchise Weyland Yutani name and that on the uniform? 🎃
I hope zurg in the movie‼️😝
If it’s not Tim Allen, it’s not Buzz.
Fun Fact: Adults are more excited than kids in this trailer because Childhood
This is as close to a Doom movie we’re getting
Next movie should be about woody living in the wild west lol
Wow, can’t believe they made a movie about Neil Armstrong
Oh my eye my eyes 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Will woody will be in it
this is probably the best thing I've seen in my entire life
let me guess, he's gender neutral too
Finally, TO THE MOON!
My man!
Ending prediction: It’ll zoom out to a movie theater and show Andy just mesmerized with what he just saw.
Imagine if at the end of the movie it zooms out be shown on a tv and little kid Andy is sitting on the floor excited before he runs for his mom asking for a buzz lightyear toy for his birthday.
Buzz look a prequel!
Is that buzz light year😂
I don't really care about this movie tbh
They toy is based off of this dude!
is he still a toy ???
🥱
Is this from toy story orrr?
I can imagine Pitch meeting guy saying "I have an idea: How about anorigin story noone asked for... It will be about Buzz Lightyear & his adventures as a astronaut.. And if this movie becomes success we should make an origin story about Bo Peep where she'll protect her herd from bunch of werewolves" 😂 😂
WAIT, WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN?
This ain't scuffed at all... nope...
This feels kinda uncanny valley-ish tbh. Buzz in particular, he feels too weird-looking in this hyperrealistic setup...  I think I prefer the bright and colorful designs of the old cartoon better, they feel like they actually match a character connected to Toy Story-- this feels like a space adventure that just so happens to include a TS character. It feels just. so weird. If they wanted to do an original story (the cartoon could be WEIRD so I dont mind scrapping it, tho I'm still very fond of the opening movie), I think making some sort of stylized style like Luca did would have been better. It also feels so wrong to have someone else voicing Buzz. Nothing against Evans, he's a great guy, but he doesn't have that grand, almost pompous voice Buzz is known for. Idk... Might watch this dubbed in my country and pray that the OG Buzz dub guy voices him. But this doesn't really interest me much really. Buzz Lightyear is fun and grand and colorful and this just looks like an animated version of the disney live action remakes, all the brightness and colorfulness sucked out of it for a more ""serious"" story. Meh.
What we need now is a western movie about Woody
YOU ARE A TOY!!!
Nobody asked for it!
YOU ARE A TOY!!!! #rocketman
Why is this so epic even though it’s a toy story movie
this song make it even better
I am so incredibly happy. I loved the Buzz light-year animated movie and series in 2000 when I was a kid. I can't wait to see that kind of thing again.
I see him flying, but will he also fall with style?
This looks spectacular and very instresting
Lovely
Epic
if Zurg is not in the movie I'll have my refund
Incredible trailer! Cant wait to see it
"To infinity..." "...and..." Such Chris Evans thing to do
why
Can't wait To see Woody when buzz visits Planet Earth 😆😁
Awe bummer, I was really hoping it was going to still be Tim Allen covering the voice, fact is he’s just a good voice actor.
And the cat is called sox
That hit me right in the childhood
The won that said to infinitie is called Alicia iknow that because I put on captions on
Buzz light year but not a toy 😮
joking aside, we have arrived in 2022
Es Star wars (is Star wars)
Always Pixar with quality of everything
Really glad they got rid of Tim as the voice of buzz
The rendering and vfx, good lord my eyes!
It feels weird not hearing either Tim Allen or Patrick Warburton as the titular space ranger we all know and love.
Нуу до 2022 года нужно ещё дожить
Buzz lighter+doom guy🤔
Don’t get me wrong I love Pixar and everything they do there just not my top choice to watch something, I love horror and sci-fi and they do more family friendly stuff. (And that’s ok!!) but I’m really excited about this because space and I’ve always felt that I never really got to go that much into his own story so I’m very glad this is a thing. A little sad it’s not the original voice actor but you get what you can get. This might be one of my favorite movies if we still have maybe little bits an pieces from toy story. the music sounds amazing too! (I have a space / alien playlist so it will be a terrific to add more)  Buzz was my favorite for a long time until I grew out of it because I have gotten older but with this he might take the lead again. I’m so happy about this!!!
Avenger assemble
not gonna work without tim allen,,
Watching this makes me wonder about the main plot. Like, what's the reason that they need to send one guy into the future by using time dilation? (They show it in a very simple way at 1:08). My best guess is that they have some McGuffin-material thing that decays fast which they will REALLY need in the future, but cannot utilize in time. So they send it off with Buzz, who comes back to find that androids have taken over.
chris pratt
Sheeesh
Music?
Dramtick musick
Zord?
I’m sure that alien cat is not inspired by captain marvel at all
Sorry, but I can tell they're gonna do the usual tropes and ruin it. I'll wait until it comes out and hope they do a good job instead, Pixar is the only part of the Disney conglomerate that doesn't make failure after failure (and I don't care if they sell, a bad movie is a bad movie, Twilight sold a lot and even its main actors hate it).
They should make a Woody version next
THIS IS NUTS
My favorite movie is Lightyears.  Looking it up is gonna be a hassle now lol.
No Tim Allen, no Buzz Lightyear. Sorry not sorry
I bet there will be a flashback to when he is a child with one or both of his parents OR his parents have someone take him to see a rocket take off but somehow his parents will die
Oi
Im gonna be honest with y’all… I’m only here bc I found out Chris Evans was voicing Buzz
yes
*heavy breathing* i never knew how much i needed a movie in my life until now!!
Will this be on Disney+?
Amazing quality detail and RTX
What a beautiful trailer. And it's a great time for a Space movie
They couldn’t have picked a better song
To infinity and beyond. <3
Looks Lit
Buzz imagination in toy story came true
Mans gonna be Cuzz Lightyear once he removes that durag.
First trailer: “To infinity… AND…”  Second trailer: “TO INFINITYYYY… (whispers) and beyond.” (If y’all get what I mean 😂)
I'm somewhat unironically hoping we get a special version on the Blu-ray where Patrick Warburton dubs all of Buzz' lines just to create continuity for fans of the old Buzz Lightyear of Star Command TV Series.
This is going to be soooo LIT
HE HAS HAIR
They should make a woody movie like this
ANOTHER SCIFI PIXAR MOVIE
"To infinity and, Summer 2022."
...beyond
Cuzz lightyear
Super Smash Bros. Brawl graphics be like
this is pretty much star wars
we finally got Buzz Lore
I miss his partner ╥﹏╥
What if Buzz became a toy at the end and found Woody? (basically it goes back to toy story 1)
Elon will voice mc.
1:15 I see Sox’s ears!
Who else can't stop rewatching this?!
If you really think about it, this movie is technically Toy Story 5 but isn't. So I guess you can say that Lightyear is Toy Story 4.5
From Captain America
Kinda reminds me about that movie about toys
Buzz Lightyear, A Man Out of Time
Buzz got his own movie dis time💯
I hope Tim Allen will be at the end of the movie playing an older buzz lightyear
This may get the honor of being first moving i take my kid to see.
ahh yes, wall-e themed movie finaly makes return! see ya next summer xD
So many positive comments, but why are there over 7 thousand dislikes?
To infinity-
Did I just see that one black guy from frozen 3
Wowwwwwww Holy Moly that's Dope i love the trailer :))))
The thumbnail remembered me of interstellar
Words cannot express how shocked I was to see this quality level of animation. It's unbelievable to think of how far 3D animation has come since the original Toy Story.
Why did I almost start to cry when watching this trailer?!
with Chris Evan's voice, it's gonna be so cool. notify star command 🚀🚀🚀
I hope emperor zurgs in it
Years of academy training… not wasted?
The animation is now exactly part between looking absolutely realistic to still being a cartoon. The movies have come a long way.
So I'm guessing that is buzz lightyear and they made a toy that looks like him
Now we finally know that Buzz has brown hai
This goes hard. Feel free to watch
🥺❤️✨
Who else got goosebumps
I want him to say "this pic goes hard feel free to screenshot"
100% the ‘make you cry’ moment will be the moment Buzz realizes he traveled many years in the future and he knows he has to adjust to his life in the future with most of his friends he made before the mission being gone
i have a horrible fear that when this movie comes out more fanfiction of this guy will spill out.
Well, I wish Pixar's will showcase more diversity and Inclusivity for LGBTQIA+ I meant they create a movie about it because it will be fulfilling to our hearts and open many doors for equality
I wonder what emperor zurg will look like.
Well even though Toy Story has ended, things have just gotten more interesting.
“Kauuu hanyalah MAINANNNN” Kata-kata Legend dari Woody 😂😂😂
Ok
무한한 공간 저 너머로
Is this buzz lightyear in toy story??
This trailer's song is better than the recent Witcher 2 trailer.
Buzz :- to infinity and beyond. 😋
I wish Sora from Kingdom Hearts was in it 🙏🏾
Then he meets a Cowboy with anger issues, a T-Rex with arms the same size as his brain, a sarcastic potato man and spring dog that talks like an urban uncle
Now Buzz like an human
Babe wake up buzz lightyear lore just dropped
These graphics never fail to amaze me, WOW
バズ？
POG!!!! Will this be cannon to Toystory?
Buzz astral finally goes in space!
I hope they don't tone Zurg's over the top brand of "evil" down.
I'm scared of what Zurg will look like
I got goosebumps
Mmmmboenass
This looks stunning! Really got my inner child excited!
Wow
I always thought 'Toy Story is cool. But only Buzz is really awesome. So sad it's just a toy, I would love to see real Buzz adventures.' and I'm very proud and  happy Pixar had this idea too.
0:58 looks like a Star Wars reference  Pixar=genius
So Toy Story was in some kind of Sci-Fi universe where space travel has extended to planets beyond our solar system and colonization of other planets are in effect the whole time? Ok...
Immense hype
Movie goes so hard, feel free to screenshot
No more ideas Pixar?
To Infinity And Beyond -Buzz Lightyear
Buzz lightyear
Bruh, how does it look soo good? Like animation, how?
Anyone else remember the Buzz Lightyear movie from 2000 and the show that followed it?  That was like my childhood, hope this lives up to that.
you have all this fancy tech and still needs tons of call out from different people before flight? Elon musk wont approve this future rocketship lol
Spoiler: All those years in the academy were wasted.
Really getting Halo Reach vibes from thiss
I CANT WAIT TO WATCH THE MOVIE!!! IT LOOKS AWESOME
When he said "as we prepare for ignition" I was expecting space oddity to play but the chorus being "starcommand to buzzlightyear", but I must say that starman was incredible here either way!
BUZZ WHAT HAS PIXAR DONE TO YOU
Real grade buzz light year be like:
заманчиво
YOU AREＡTOY<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
I just need a woody style western movie like clint Eastwood's movies (but family friendly)
Cool
the crazy theories guy: this actually happend in the pixar universe, and the toy of buzz was inspired by this event..
I always knew Buzz wasn’t cappin
0:45 ♡
So many good animated movies coming out end of this year and some more next year. I’m dying from the wait 😩
This has such insane animation quality! I love it, keep up the good work.
That rtx👌
Since it's Chris Evans, I'm going to say the plot is Buzz Lightyear is either frozen in time or experiences somekind temporal disturbance on a test flight and ends up in the future where the action happens.
4 in the back an I 🥷🏿
The guy from fortnite omg
It's always the music. Don't let this trailer trick you guys. DON'T FALL FOR IT! Disney is great at making trailers so keep your expectations low.
Why no tim allen?!
i guess he is who the toy was based off, pretty smart, considering hes an astronaut and thats a popular figure with kids
I hope my childhood won’t be ruined
So we finally get to see the movie that all the kids were hyped about in Toy Story 😹
Infinity awaits 6.17.22
Es Rex jugando otro vídeo juego 😛
so this is what happened to buzz after toy story
I wonder how this fits into the canon of Buzz Lightyear of Star Command.
To infinity and beyond.....🔥👨🏽‍🚀
Alright I'm hooked.
One of the spaceships looked like Megatron's Jet mode in Transformers Prime
ho man, Starman song just broke me inside ;-; and I still crying
nasheinashei
After seeing the trailer, I still don’t have an idea of what the movie is about.
You are a TOY!!
yoooo Buzz deserves his own movie, this is hype!!
Virtual reality is the next frontier...not space travel.
This Is gonna be better than the Last 3 Star Wars.
1:20 The 'Mis Nessbit' suit
Tim Allen will ALWAYS be Buzz Lightyear Don't get me wrong I like Chris Evans but as Captain America and in my opinion Tim Allen is *ALWAYS* Buzz Lightyear
Is that possible Woody coming 2023 ?
this was totally my favourite childhood toy!!!
Chris Evans as Buzz lightyear? This mean if they make an animated Captain America series it will be voiced by Tim Allen. "Avengers.... Ar! Ar! Ar!.... assemble!"
Thank you pixar for starman..
This looks cursed but it seems like a cool idea
Wow an actual LightYear movie amazing!!!!
You guys already have a Buzz story, it'll be better if there's a Woody part tomorrow
This makes me think in story 2 we seen a  woody show and that has me thinking are they gonna make one?
Buzz is The human🤯🤯🤯🤯
The og was better
I like how this isn’t about the toy but the person who inspired the toy, you can have a whole other story while still relating to the toy stories
No wonder why they made lightyears toys cause he was famous for this i wonder when the toy and the real him will meet
Toy story 1 fue mi primer película en el cine, no puedo esperar a ver esta. ¡Al infinito y más allá!  🍿
Pixar: 2022  Me: cry black old Man starts
This is going to be the awesome movie
so this is like the person buzz lightyears toy is supposed to be a toy of in toy story
They will start a whole new toy cinematic  universe
I think that the suit looks too “toy-like”
Ok, I'm calling it now. Buzz is from a not to distant future where he takes off at lightspeed, slingshots around a star and comes back a thousand years later.
Wait... He's not a toy?
Smh i forgot buzz has hair
I pirated Luca lol
My eyes got watery, just realizing how time flies by,.. feels like toy story came out a few years ago, it’s been 26 years.
Buzz got isekaid to the toy story world after getting hit by spaceship-Kun
To infinity and…        summer 2022
This trailer goes hard Feel free to share
They must've really milked the original Toy Story series to be desperate enough to make this. It's gonna be really good.
Hah, it’s nice to see Disney hired someone good to do their “classic rock trailer” entry. It’s getting ridiculous how many 70s classics are becoming promotional material… when Taika Waititi did it for Ragnarok it was like a breath of fresh air but since then it’s become the norm!
The detail.
First i saw the trailer was as an ads, so i didn't what the title is. But then, i saw that head-skin, and that big jaw , why is it like buzz ? But it's not a cartoon like toy story, the visual just different. Then they saw me buzz lightyear green suit. Woww, it's a mindblowing moment !!
Plot twist :it is all Andy's imagination
I like the Bowie music
Is this real or just someone's imagination?
Bring back woody 😭😭😭
"This pic goes hard! Feel free to screenshot."
Plot twist, this is all in Andy's imagination and buzz is still a toy :o
isnt buzz a toy
I forgot that this was an actual show before the movies....they should sneak his old crew in the movie
Kk babycheeks, I’m seeing this in imax for shure
They really turned Buzz into a gigachad.   I love it
I have a small feeling that the ending of this movie will be him realizing he was a toy the entire time. It would be a really good ending in my eyes but either way, I won't be disappointed
“YEARS OF ACADEMY TRAINING, WASTED!!!”
Epic stuff wow
Get ready for theaters to be packed with 90s and early 2000s babies.
Time line? Time travel? Buzz is a toy in current day, Lightyear is a man in the future. How can the toy be based on something not yet created?
Are those Halo rings?
Next movie is cowboy?
Next generation gunna all wanna be space explorers. Im all for it
Pixar: Hey we're making a new Buzz Lightyear movie, you know, the guy from Toy Story except he's not a toy in this one!  YouTube: Ahhh, yes, I see... this is a clip from *Toy Story 4 (2019)*
This is Pixar's first spin-off movie, let's hope it goes well.
1:26 anyone else screamed out "and beyond" and got a little sad when he didn't complete it??? 😭😭😭
this is so cute because maybe this took place before toy story. and buzz lightyear from toy story is the toy made after this guy bc he went down in history as an important figure of some sort.
Still upset that Tom Hanks will not be the voice. The beings in charge really are loosing their touch. Some people are saying it is because Tom is the toy's voice, but as we have seen with other toys (like woody) their voices are the same as those they are based off of. So having the voice character and not using them is such a folly
That one pic of buzz with waves 🥶
I'm calling it now... The main character, who is obviously buzz lightyear, will actually become zurg after going missing after some sci-fi shenanigans, and buzz lightyear jr will just assume his name.  What we are actually going to get will be a villain story ie Curella and maleficent
How are they gonna include Andy
Bus light year let’s goooooooo
Buzz Lightyear has been one of my favorite cartoons characters, and the fact that Chris Evans is going to voice Buzz is making me even more excited to watch this movie!
I'm down
this hits hard
I have extremely mixed feelings about this but overall I’m pretty excited
Some serious _Star Wars_ vibes here...
Just waiting to see zurg
wait so is toy story like serious now?
Alternate title: Buzz Lightyear with RTX
Bro imagine if he crashed on earth (already know not gonna happen) and he Meets wordy back when America was in that Wild West age
😃😃😃👐👐👐👐👐
May I?
0:04 why does that echoeing voice sound like homer Simpson?
This pic goes so hard
I bet in the end it’s just a kid playing with a toy and that’s who the man is
1:13 Blood scene 😱
Buzz
a movie about what a movie toy thinks about himself, but is really just a toy.. in a another movie... great, just great
Ñ
Man, this is gonna be cool
Buzz kind of looks like Joe when he could walk
Look, Illumination; It called "proportions"!
My favourite character 😊😊😊😊 is back 😌😌😌
Buzz l'éclair ?? 😍🔥 Mon enfance xD
They ripped off Halo Reach for this trailer
buzzin'
Yes buzz lightyears human version
holy childhood
But... buzz is a toy Right?
Wait, this actually looks cool
This video goes so hard. Feel free to record.
what a time to be alive 😃
Does he speak spanish tho
"TO INFINITY AND BEYOND". Been keeping this as my bio since I created profile.
They can make a whole toy story universe going like this: 1st movie: Lightyear(buzzlightyear) 2nd movie: Sheriff in Town(Woody) 3rd movie: Cowboys vs Aliens(crossover between first two movies) 4th movie: Beyond dimensions(get to see dinosaurs, potato head world's, army world, etc.) 5th movie: Andy's room(which is a new toy story movie)
Pixar knows how to animate. This looks so amazing 👍 great work 🤓
I am so incredibly happy that I am alive for this. GOOSEBUMPS
Oooooohhhh man. I cannot wait.
This movie goes hard  feel free to record
This looks almost exactly like the premise of my animated short 😞 God I hope it different enough.
this trailer goes hard, feel free to screen record.
Yayy
Q: what merchandise will come out of this?  A: an action figure modeled from a bloke who was a toy.
Tengo miedo de que las teorías de darth logan sean reales
I don't know about it ... Why a movie on him ?
Will Tim Allen be voicing Buzz?
LightYear’sFather: *Zurg*
Buzz ?????
It would cool to see this go back to the original toy story. Like the final scene could be buzz going into hyper sleep and then he wakes up on Andy's bed. Roll credits. Perfect.
Buzz is Elon Musk's son in the future
Sonic 06 be like
Thats it am gonna explode of amazement goodbye
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampaui nya
픽사의 애니는 늘 나를 꿈꾸게 하네요
That isn't the right voice.
We surely need a Woody movie now too
I'm getting goosebumps and flashbacks of the old memories.
i love how out of place that black woman looks in that buzz lightyear suit. who cares about character design, diversity is all that's important
We'd like to see Woody have his own story like this but in the wild west
Yo is he a toy or nah
Wow wow wow
His suit looks like Halo
Wait so how did he end up on a kids shelf again?
Although it looks amazing, I don't understand one thing: in the Toy Story's universe, if the film's plot is set in the future, how does Buzz become an inspiration for a toy back in the 1990s?
Tim Allen keep cashing those checks playa! Only Bobby Bonilla does it better!
I liked the animated show Buzz Lightyear of Star Command. Basically Futurama for kids.
Uff💥
This goes so hard
Bowie. Y a y.
mankind has really come far in 3d animation
What buzz think how live outside the(rocket) box :
no tim allen? wow just wow
To infinity and Summer 2022.  Yep that's how that saying goes.
And what? AND WHAT?!?!
The memes on the giant blue bird that tweets about this are insane
Great choice on playing David Bowie's Starman
Just wowwwww🔥
Buzz looking kinda fine
So this what the toy Buzz lightyear was based on then?
So this has nothing to do with toys? Like this is about the actual Buzz, the man the toy we know is based off of? Lol I’m a lil confused 😅😂
waiting woody teaser trailer.
Its seriously film about Buzz Lightyear the toy?)
How has it already been 26 years since the first movie ☹️
Toy story shows the evolution of Pixar
There was always a story behind the Buzz Lightyear Toy in ToyStory and now the time has come to see the story behind the ToyStory.  I can't wait to see 'The Star Man Waiting in the sky" taking us to 'Infinity & Beyond'. Bring it on. 😀🎥🎞🎬🚀
Woody: you are a toy! Buzz: oh really?
Star man favourite song
I feel this movie will be great
Oh my goodness.......my childhood heroes are here. Its a bit emotional as well.
OH MY GOD?$
I hope buzz has the same voice actor from toy story.
This video goes hard, feel free to record
This looks like it'll be great. However, I hope it's not woke garbage like almost every new movie that has come out lately has been.
no way
Confused and unexpected goosebumps.
"David Bowie's Starman gave me goosebumps"
Aight, so when we getting a “woody”
*"TO INFINITY AND BEYOND"*
This gives me many mixed emotions
1:13 alien tentacle space suit gun with multiple laser sights ptsd ensues
They didn't finish the quote. Unresolved melody. Like holding in a sneeze.
*Joe* from _Family Guy_  In _SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!_
Im impressed
Oh my god! This looks awesome! I guess this will be the backstory on why the buzz lightyear toys were  made
Look like toy stories 🤷‍♂️
Can't wait for a movie called Sheriff.
and after this woody and after that bopeep😁
Woody: look guys it's the real buzz lightyear
Let's go find Kerbals! #UMMazing!
Wasn’t he bald ? 😳
I HAVE CHILLS WHAAAAT!?!?!? YEEEEESSSSSSS!!!!!!!
I can already see an end credits scene where Buzz sacrifices himself to save everyone. And then it turns out he got transported to a different planet and you see Woody's Boot enter the frame and the screen cuts to black.
Ruined it
This pic goes hard. Feel free to screenshot.
buzz kid thing toy store story among us imposter
No Tim Allen no spendy money
geez i knew buzz gonna get a story but parody geez
So I heard that Tim Allen will not be playing Buzz Toy Story movie something about cancel culture or wokeism so I will not be spending my money on this film because of cancel culture or wokeism
This is a fever dream I had
AaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Bowie!
my siblings gonna love this he adores space
Spaceship looks a lot like the ones in star trek.
I just realized something...........Zurg 😳
This is actually cool it looks like a video game!
NICEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Nice. 👍. Face matches with Alan Musk. 😀
"To infinity and beyond "🔥
Pixar Hasn't Disappointed It's like  seeing something unreal!
This toy story character??
Did the actor who played Buzz Lightyear die?
Hopefully he doesn't get blown in half by Zurg like he was in Toy Story 2. Thanks for traumatizing me as a kid Pixar, I still owe you for that one.
Do a Woody movie next
This is just weird to me, how does a TOY get an origin story? Is this the movie people in the Toy Story universe would have saw so they bought Buzz lightyear action figures? Does the dinosaur get an origin story now? This is weird.
so it's about the man behind the toy can't wait
This is the most excited I've been for a Pixar film since Toy Story 4
can't wait
Human buzz??? Yooooo
Zurg?
अनन्त से भी आगे
To Infinity and Beyond!
O....M.....G!!!
That definitely didn't sound like Tim Allen. Disappointment #1.
And beyond
Wait is this Buzz Lightyear?
To infinity and.......Assemble!
What a glow up
all father and mother will watch this not your kids
Amazing how far we have from technology. Just imagine what animation would be like in 10 years from now.
What so buzz goes from a toy to a space ranger
"To infinity" "And... "And What? you finish!!"
It looks so amazing can't wait
The details tho
to infinity and beyond!
ほう、オモチャではない話か・・・
Se picaaa
Can’t yall imagine the end credit scene being Andy leaving the cinema after watching the movie and seeing an ad for the buzz lightyear toy
This feels like a Top Gun trailer.
Cant wait to meet his father
What did y’all do to buzz 💀
Am I the only one who remembers that Buzz Lightyear animated movie from the 90s or early 2000s?
starfield is looking good!
This looks like a Call of Duty game and I love it.
How if buzzlightyear enter wormhole and go back in 1930 or something on earth and meer sheriff woody??? Omg
and beyond
I showed this to my mother, who saw the first Toy Story when she was 17. She and I both agreed, this looks awesome
To infinity and Beyond
Why tho
So, Buzz is the only white guy in his own movie . . ?
Ah yes, a black lead character.. I remember her in Toy Story
I find the lack of Tim Allen disturbing
Buzz dengan gaya
Oh man I thought Chris Pratt was cast as Buzz, Chris Evans is SOO much more fitting. Now I'm crazy excited. Crisp Rat is great just not for this I think
RTX on?
This pig goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Waiting for the sequel Buzz
Pixars Animatons have come to the point where the worlds are so photo real that the only part draggin gyou away from the realism is the obvious cartoon characters...
Wowsers!😮
Did anyone else hoped that the cat would be dodger instead or was it just me?
Yess!! This looks amazing!
Paladin Danse origin story
Yo this video goes so hard, feel free to screen record
I don’t care if people think it’s a cash grab. This looks amazing.
Did I see a Starwars VI X-wing/Dagobah reference for a split second there?
Excuse me... where is woody?!
Amazing quality.  Pixar has come Lightyears  😃 since TS1.
I wanna see it
I smiled through every second of this trailer!  Can’t wait to see it! 🚀
"To Diversity and Beyond"
Cant wait for Woody's western film also
But isn’t buzz just a toy after all?
Omg I’m excited
Whoa guys they're finally making a Halo movie
To infinity and...
Hes still has a huge chin
Feel free to screenshot
Anybody else not interested in Buzz Lightyear and the New Republic?
God, I wish I still had my buzz light year pyjamas for this.
So... Ummm where Woody?
Anyone feel like a little buzz?
This is gonna be the story of how buzz lightyear got his name idk
insert flanders meme say ahhhhh!!!
Wow, never expected a move like this. Well played Pixar!
This pic goes so hard. Feel free to screenshot
I Can't wait for the movie, but I also can't wait for another 'snotty boy glow up' meme- or should I say 'Buzz Lightyear glow up' memes that could come along with this banger
Wow I expected to hate this. It's different, but it doesn't look bad
this reminds of star wars
Cant believe chris evans is buzz!!!!!!! Im so excited for this movie to come out!
Even though Toy Story’s over, it’s still nice to see some sort of reference or resemblance, but instead of a reference or resemblance, this time it’s a full movie.
I......don't know how to feel about this.
if they made buzz a real person and not a toy, then they should make woody a real sheriff
I always thought that purple thing on his head was his hair 😭
Omg that was beautiful I can't wait for this to come into theatre.and david bowie's starman was the icing on the cake. All I can say is wow. I hope they use Tim allen for buzz light-years voice. Anything else would be unacceptable.
In universe gritty movie based on toy becomes actual parody of gritty movies based on toys becomes movie based on toy story.
Really COOL,❤️🙂❤️
Emperor Zurg :" Buzz, im your father"
Oh god. Yes!
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR OF STAR COMMAND!
He’s now not a toy  He’s a true human who can go to the moon 👹👹
I can't wait to watch the full movie super excited!
Yes please, thank you
The origin story of a beloved toy. Very interesting and awesome trailer
Oof
Buzz !?
This pic goes hard. Feel free to screenshot.
When Captain America became Buzz Lightyear
Black power
If there isn't a wall e reference I will simply pass away
I feel like buzz in this movie could be a stand user. Just imagine him halfway summon his stand “Starman!”
Got goosebumbs.  To infinity and beyond!
Please tell me Zurge is gonna be in the movie!! PLEASE!!!!!!!
Now we need a cowboy movie
plot twist : its all in buzz lightyear's head and he's still a toy jkjk
im going to screenshot
This will be Buzz Lightyear in 2013
OMG💗💗💗
Pixar’s quality is reaching a level…
This video goes hard, feel free to save it.
song choice could not have been better
The movie that we need and don't know. Aldo we need a 3D western right now.
I was criticising this trailer the whole way through until the suit. Then my childhood slapped adult me in the face from the inside and I had an uncontrollable grin of excitement on my face
A movie about merch😂😂😂let's gooo
TBH, this is a brilliant marketing move for Disney/Pixar. I have admired the idea  of Buzz having his own story within the Galactic Alliance "universe" since the 2D animated one came out in the early 2000s.
I never knew I needed this until I just saw this
An origin story to one of the most iconic animated characters of all time? I'm all for it!
Why is this this giving me Star Wars vibes, lol
Is this KSP2?  Well yes, but actually no.
I don’t think buzzyear was lying in toystory
Me in the beginning: This has been done WAY too many times already.  Me in the end: This is amazing.
I can’t wait for the Easter eggs
Is my head think that Buzz or he is really Buzz?
I am so interested to see how this will all fit into the Pixar Theory and how it is linked to the Toy Story plots.
0w0
And thus begins the Toy Story Cinematic Universe
Huh.
This is toy story but with RTX Nvidia Raytracing
I like this idea.  It's good because you don't have to have watched the Toy Story movie series to watch this one.  But my one gripe is that Tim Allen isn't playing Buzz Lightyear in this movie.  I know it's sort of an origin concept (not a story, but a CONCEPT) for the character we know from the Toy Story series, but I hope Tim does make some sort of appearance.
1:09 Wait…. They’re trying to explain relativity’s time dilation?!?
IS THIS SUPPOSED TO BE BUZZ AS HUMAN STUCK IN THE MARS!?
Ey, it’s buzz lightskin
can’t wait to hear Chris Evans as buzz :)
Getting real wall e vibes here
When woody left the gang, buzz left too and made his dreams come true. Very sad😢
i’m going to be ready for these memes
FINALLY ANOTHER GOOD ANIMATED MOVIE INSTEAD OF A TRASHY LIVE ACTION 😭
To Infinity and Beyond
I really hope this is good
Oh yes please, thank you and about time. My inner child can't wait haha.
very cool 😎💪💪
dioooosssss.   Hasta el infinito y mas allá...
To infinity and beyond 🔥
I'm gonna need a box of Kleenex for this one.  Good happy tears
I'm waiting for Corridor Crew to react to this.
this looks epic
Something gives me the feeling someone is going to make an abridged version of this movie where buzz is replaced with peter griffin
Trailer goes hard feel free to screen record
Surprising how positive the dislike ratio is
if this one works out, than imagine a film called sherrif.
This vid goes hard. Feel free to record
Super strange we only heard him say “and”
I have some concerns but I’m hopeful
Finally lore
I CAN’T WAIT TO SEE THIS SINCE IV’E SEEN EVERY TOY STORY MOVIE!
Cap in Avengers: AVENGERS... Cap in Lightyear: TO INFINITY AND...
this vid goes hard. feel free to screen-record
So glad they included "starman" in this trailer
Is this the lightyear that we all be buzzin?
Wow that looks amazing
Does everything have to be remade? Why can’t you guys just leave classics alone?
To infinity and beyond
I'm hyped!
4k universe
He looks familiar.. but who?
That chin tho
So he’s not a toy anymore?
this pic goes so hard . feel free to screenshot.
Looks amazing omg!!!
The new DOOM trailer looks awesome!
I ain’t gon lie and act like I ain’t excited for this. Full of nostalgia just from the subject alone, it LOOKS beautiful (of course. Pixar keeps outdoing themselves) and I can’t wait to see everything that the origin story entails! They love to tug on the memory strings at Pixar for sure. And it’ll be cool to watch Toy Story again and have this knowledge in the back of my mind… man it looks cool.   It looks beautiful and I hope the script does it justice.
Way to rip off the Sabres from Halo: Reach.
Buzz lightyear epic time
´´hey peter, im in the new pixar movie.´´
The real question is if we will see if Zurg is actually Buzz's father
W A T
Behold, the spin off that nobody asked for
Not gonna lie I can’t wait to see this movie
When Woody shows up in the post credit scene >>>
Wait so if we have a move about buzz light year does that mean that present day the people of earth are aware that the toy once had a human representation and that there is a future or other world of advanced humans? 💀
Is this a story of Buzz Lightyear?
that jawline tho 💀💀
No Tim Allen. Really?
That is Buzz Light-year with RTX on
This pic goes hard feel free to screenshot it
The trailer gives me goosebumps..
chills
The only time we heard Chris Evans voice was when he said "and"
Hope the movie looks as good as the trailer
To infinity... And beyond
Rip off of buzz
Where's Woody?
One of my favorite cartoon when i was 10yrs old 🥲
To Infinity And Beyond
I can't believe it. they actually hired that man
So..... he is a toy right 😞
So.....is Mira Nova, Booster, and XR going to be in this movie? Also if Wayne Knight isn't voicing Zurg I'm going to be incredibly upset!
To infinity and summer 2022
If theres no Booster and Mira then youve betrayed us tbh
very memorable buzz dialogue: "TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!"
Kinda feels like a mash up of Star Trek, Star Wars, and like the basic plot of all sci fi action movies. So either it will be the best crossover in history, or it will go down in history as the worst origin story.       David bowie song was good tho
Why am I getting a lot of Halo vibes from this trailer?
this brought a tear in my eye
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Wow this looks sick! Can’t wait to watch it.
Man, can't have a lead without them being leashed these days... Not even Buzz escaped it.
Won’t watch without Tim Allen.
Who ever made this trailer has played way too much of Long Night of Solace
Epic
Ta mais que na hora de ter feito o bolt 2
wow😍
Now we know buzz's real color now
Wasn’t expecting this but yes please
nice. National space competition shall be always going along with the propaganda.
No Tim Allen???
lovely.....so lovely
Bruh... *LET'S GOOOOO!!!! 😆*
This goes hard, feel free to screenshot
If there's not a hidden Pizza planet delivery truck hidden somewhere I'm gonna be fuming
Spoiler: He ends in a kid's room
This goes hard, feel free to screenshot! Wait, this looks incredible. A good movie coming out? Never thought it could happen. It does make sense though, like in the toy story universe there mustve been some sort of lightyear show or movie to warrant having a toy of his exist so its cool that theyre like, making a movie thats based on the toy from another movie.
ARE U KIDDING ME?!
Buzz lightyear!  Luke Skywalker! Helloooo people!?
MENUJU TAK TERBATAS DAN MELAMPAUINYA !!!
I just wish that they gave buzz his old voice style instead of Chris evans. Oh well the movies still probably gonna slap!
Buzz light year lore
This, this I want to see.  This is worth hanging around for.
wow he has hair in his head
Toy story 4.5?
It's gonna be lit! this movie doesn't feel like Pixar. I just feels awesome. Pixar you outdo yourselves every single time #Lightyear
I’ve watched this trailer so many times I’ve lost count how many times I watched it. Over 10 times for sure.
they've butchered starman...
maybe it will explain how he got trapped into a toy.
Spoiler: He meets a space cowboy by the name of Woody.
It never occurred to me that Buzz had hair.
E
Don't you guys realize this? Buzz lightyear (the toy) was in fact, the toy for a movie franchise in the toy story universe that andy watches... so basically, we watch what Andy watch
Can we also get Woody and Bo Peep, please? *PLEEEEEEAAASE???*
also, does anyone know the song at 0:50 lol
Halo Reach marketing much? Major ripoff of Reach's marketing for Carter and his mjolnir armor and Noble6's space launch. Even the spacecraft looks like Noble 6's Sabre spacecraft.
If it ain't Tim Allen we got a problem
Very nice video  #defenceak
I never knew buzz had hair 😀
If Zurg wont be This Film's Vader i am Not Watching it.
Ngl this is the most beautiful trailer I have ever seen.
i'm the 27k(th) comment wowowowo
nice
David Bowie, we miss you 😔💔
When you couldn't expect nothing more of 2021 *BAM* A Buzz Lightyear movie
Too bad Tim Allen isn’t the voice anymore. Won’t be seeing this
I wait too for a movie of the woodys show
Hope it wont become like the Lion King
Beyond
I'm all excited for the movie, ahhh!!!!
🔥
The Bowie soundtrack makes this perfect
I wonder what woody looks like
I generally though realistic buzz would look bad but pixar actually did a pretty good job with it.
I don't care if I'm a grown man now, I'm supporting this movie toy story was my childhood. 😭
Did they not make a cartoon in the 2000s about this I remember is it a remake or do the wanna redo the story
Woah he have hair?!
I'm 34 years old and I never clicked on a video quick enough .. I'm insanely excited .. lol
Give him the doom suit
Nobody asked for this but ok
why'd they replace the og actor?
This movie is the equivalent of “this pic goes hard feel free to take a screenshot”
TO INFINITY (WAR) AND BEYOND....
OH YEAH FINALLY SOMETHING NEW
This movie is starting to look like real life action movies!
Wow, i'm hyped !!!
to infinity and there is no beyond
The amount of work that goes into the trailers alone is crazy
Beyond!
LBgriffy can't wait. plah! plah! plah!
This pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
I can't be the only one hoping he would have his teammates from the old tv show. The nostalgia hammer alone, man
I can't believe I'm going to watch the movie to get the satisfaction of hearing Buzz say "and beyond"
yo BUZZ !!!!!!!!!!
screenshotting
This video goes so hard  Feel free to download
Finally some good movies
오?? 스타워즈 보다 재미 있겠다.!
Where's Tim Allen? He not woke enough for you?
So he's not a toy?
I thought he was a toy?!
Buzz Lightyear: TO INFINITY AND BEYOND! kids on Xbox live: TO INFINITY AND YOUR MOM!
Wow! This looks great
The post credit scene:  Cuzz, I mean Buzz Lightyear finishes his little mission or whatever and he goes on an entirely new mission to explore an alternate reality. This mission is named Mission: LZ TY BRN. As he is exploring, he is grabbed by a gigantic titan. Not knowing what to do, he freezes in fear and shock. The gigantic titan puts him on a surface and says, "I would like to purchase this one, my son is having a birthday party."
Omg this is awesome
Okay, that reveal ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Is he BUZZ?😍😍
To infinity, and “Summer 2022.”😀
Big wow right there
kids watching this be like: OMG IS THAT BUZZ LIGHTYEAR ON TOY STORY> OMG ITS 100% REAL, LETS CANCEL WOODY
Tim Allen ..  You will be missed sir.
Toy story but in real life
buzz lightyear reminds me of paladin danse from fallout 4
Too much hype! We can't wait!
When the ending of age of ultron with the cliff hanger of steve rogers avengers assemble also does with this..   To infinity and.....
OK... now I want woody's movie.. please
this vid hits hard, feel free to screen record
Так а он будет перезагрузкой или как то вклинится в мульсериал про база? Ну просто по логике тот тоже приквел спин-офф.
Quote ending In toy story 4.. And this lightyear. To infinity and beyond... be like....😊
Guys, You might not know but The main character in this movie is also a toy in toy story movie.
I just remember thinking halfway through this trailer “man, this looks great, but ya know this really needs? Bowie.”  And then my dreams were answered a second later with Starman. Thank you Pixar
I'm surprisingly happy that this movie is in the work. Maybe next, a Western with Woody.
i swear if Buzz is a secondary character in his own movie to some sassy know it all POC female with a 2021 hairdo... oh there she is 1:27
Now for me it's hard to believe that Buzz Lightyear is "just a toy".
For all people saying the ending is gon be andy playing with his toys: those are too detail for a child's imagination, also the desc says its the origin story of a space ranger. So..
It's a shame they have Fired Tim Allen from starring in this movie just because of his political views .....
To infinity and seeeeeeeggggghhhhh
I… don’t know how to feel about this
Here's hoping the black character in the suit isn't woke.
Bruh I like that they adjusted the song to make it smoother and softer.
0:57 that's just dagobah
Anyone else hoping we get an XR cameo?
SPOILER 🎯🎯THE FULL MOVIE IS BASED ON ANDYS DREAM🎯🎯
I this works (and i assume it will) then prepare for a movie for Woody
This is the god song for this trailer
Woody has to make a cameo appearance in this. It will be blasphemous if he doesn't. It doesn't have to be anything crazy. Maybe something like Buzz gets nervous before the first flight and he calls his best friend for support. We don't see who he's talking to until the end of the convo when Buzz says, "Thanks Woody. You're a good friend" and Woody replies, "Hey, you always got a friend in me"
Looks like they filmed it in star citizen which is awesome
Воу. Это..это уже да. Это уже что то хорошее вопреки напарнице-шоколадке, которая явно повесточка.
0:12 So THERE'S the Branthium Horizon needed in Apex Legends.
Wow. There is no proper way to express how amazing this trailer looks.
Plot twist: at the end its revealed that this was all just andy playing
To the infinity and beyond
David Bowie and Buzz Lightyear? Count me in!
Someone really put the pictures side by side and said Buzz went from space ranger to turning his body camera off. XD
"YoU aRE a ToY!!!!!!!!"
So this is the years of academy training
menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya
at least the song is good
Maybe after that movie they should make Woody in a western setting with Jessie and the horse
Woody better not show up in any sequels, or the idea that this story is NOT about the action figure will be ruined... Looking forward to it though
Buzz lightyear but RTX on
interstellar 2 looks good no cap
those are some high tech buzz got right there. Why does his toys made of a plastic, is future toys are still made of plastics?
I SWEAR I AT THE END OF THIS MOVIE HE SAYS TO INFINITY AND BEYOND IM GOING TO LOSE MY MIND!
I sure hope this is not real
Tim Allen is a major disappointment
chad chris evans
I can already tell the original Buzz movie was better. Kek.
I wish he had said "On your left"
So promising 😍
Why is Tim Allen not doing the voice?
Masterchief from parallel universe
Why not get Tim Allen? They got Chris Evans? I guess I know why, it must be because of their political views. Tim is a conservative and Chris is a liberal.
The Studio bought better cameras
woah that face brought my childhood back;
To infinity and beyond
Spoiler and then he wakes up to woody saying buzz wake up
To infinity, And BEYOND!
IS THIS THE CARTOON ANDY WATCHES?? CUZ' BUZZ. IS. A.    T  O  Y  !  !
It’s ok I’m used to my childhood getting ruined
finally buzz gets his d solo movie
They used the same song as in the Martian...
This new Toy Story film is looking different..
wow
I loved,...watching toy story,.......
Lightyear 2022 move 👍
Oh buzz lightyear my childhood hero finally got his place अनंत से भी आगे
Nah that’s Cuzz lightyear
You are NOT a toy
This series is more powerful than all other
This movie ain't just for kids... it's FOR EVERYONE!
Oh boy. Remember that time when woody yelled "YOU ARE A TOY!" To buzz lightyear? Yeah, that didn't aged up quite well.
I would have loved to watch this with my dad.
Okay this is going to wipe Endgame and Avatar
Man this looks to be way more serious than any other Pixar movie, and looks to be a more científic and well build history
wait maybe that's Andy's Dad sort of
Why did they make this look actually good?
I can’t wait for zurg to do a Darth Vader again like in toy story 2
I'm down! Sign me up.
This video goes hard, feel free to screenshot.
Now I want an action figure of her
Somewhere in our world there's gonna be a kid asking there parents for a buzz lightyear action figure after watching this movie
I feel like Andy is dreaming about buzz so he can play the whole movie in his room
And of course the iconic costume is only at the very end. Getting some Mario Bros movie flashbacks here.
Billy button for chin
*BE QUITE THIS IS BUZZ LIGHTYEAR STORY*
This animation looks terrible. Good God I wish Disney would stop making their movies look like this.
अनन्त से भी आंगे। -बज़ लाइटईयर अब बस वूडी की मूवी का भी इंतजार है।
Lightyear : Summer 2022 Roundup : Summer 2023
where tim allen????
This is really good, with all the people that watched the original toy story films now all grown up, the films and characters are growing up with us. To infinity and beyond!
Is all this Andy's imagination? How is this a prequel to Toy Story?!
Looks sick
This looks similar to  star wars nonsense. Disney is definitely going to make some great profits from this
Let’s go! David Bowie
Is this gonna  be a movie or like a short film?
This trailer goes hard. Feel free to screenshot
Okay now they are just trying to show off XD
This is maguire?
2024: Woody
👌
I know this movie isn’t even out yet but, do u think they’ll do this with other characters after?
Lightyear | chronicles of wall-e
Very interesting
The only problem is the out of place female in the end. You go woke you go broke.
Imagine if at the end of the movie it zooms out be shown on a tv and little kid Andy is sitting on the floor excited before he runs for his mom asking for a buzz lightyear toy for his birthday.
Disney, please don't tie this with MCU 😭.
Anyone else crying that they actually did this?? This is my childhood!
Buzz Lightyear = doom guy but save for kids :D
After 20+ years Buzz is finally a space ranger
They replaced Tim Allen cause he's a conservative.
A NEW BUZZ MOVIE👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Never been more excited for an animated film! "To infinity, and beyond!"  Had no idea I needed this!🤷‍♂️
Im 20
Mantab juga buzz lightyear
Where's Woody?
Is this a joke I cant tell
So now we're gonna have Buzz Lightyear action figures, but for the actual character and not the toy... this getting confusing.
Just wait until the theorists starts theorising on about how there could be a different planet or universe affected by magic where the inanimate objects are humans but real life as inanimate.
Buzz’s suit looks like doom guy’s suit, I’m sold on this
People are excited for this?
Looks good, although I don't know why we're still trying to milk You Story characters for all their worth
Here comes mt favourite disney Character of all Time .BUZZ LIGHTYEAR I cant believe it's been years to watch him . I won't miss this one .
0:57 Is this suppose to be a star wars reference ?
The Prequel/Alternate Universe Story we didn't ask for but deserved.
the animation is stellar my god (pun not intended)
But no Tim Allen? Why?
1:30And what!? To infinity and WHAT!!!!???? I need to know becausr I've never heard this phrase before.
based on the opening part of the trailer I want to say it comes either after or before wally in the Pixar theory
This is like star wars and Halo in one…
meh
Where is andy?
Hopefully we get to see Zurg
BEYOND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So this is the man Buzz was made from
WILL YOU STOP WITH THE TOY STORY
love to see the Halo Reach reference with the launch
Imagine how many hours it took to render this
This vid goes hard Feel free to record
I already I'm going to cry
sora when goes to meet this buzz lightyear and surprised he not toy
I don't know why but ending made me sad even though it's literally a trailer lol
This trailer goes so hard. Feel free to screen record.
"Anant se bhi aage" 🔥
.
Wheres Woody?..
All scene in video look like star wars 🗿
So if this movie's toy meet toy story's toy who is the most Lightyear?
this trailer goes hard, mind if i screen record?
From this man they made toy.
Roblox squidgame guy
When Buzz Lightyear have a RTX mode:
Thé memes make it look bad but it looks really good
Brutal.
i thought this was gonna be live action lol. if it's animated they should've just kept tim allen!! they should've kept the star command characters too... i assume zurg will at least be in
I’m not crying, you’re crying.  Wait, nevermind I am.
This halo reach remaster is looking pretty good.
Cringe
What if this movie is about buzzs journey to andy.
Yo dawg , they made movie from movie inside toy story movie
GA SABAR BGTTTTT
*You know, **0:23** reminds me of interstellar even if i still remember it.*
1:17 doom eternal
2022 feels like a century....
Will Buzz have a spanish mode?)
吹き替えはもちろん所さんだよなあ？？
So does this make the old buzzlighyear show/movies non-canon or is this one going to be the non-canon?
They better bring back my girl Mira Nova
I wonder if there will be a post credit scene, where the Space Rangers show Buzz the action figure version of himself, and Buzz looks surprised and goes “am I really that fat?”
This made me cry  I was 6 to 7 when I started watching toys story and I it was my fav and I watched it like a million times this give me nostalgia of my childhood the simpler day man this made me cry bad
Reminds me of starwars
Already movie of the year
hyped... good job on the revanp of this character... we want space stories with a more realistc feel to it.
This goes hard, feel free to screenshot.
Tim ALLEN IS THE ONLY BUZZ I KNOW
Reminds me of Ratchet And Clank in some moments. Seems incredible!
Just like how I predicted.
I'm somewhat unironically hoping we get a special version on the Blu-ray where Patrick Warburton dubs all of Buzz' lines just to create continuity for fans of the old Buzz Lightyear of Star Command TV Series.
what the dog doing
What kind animation is this?  They makes these movies look so real
Lol if Andy doesn't make an appearance in this I'm demanding my money back
This trailer alone almost made me cry :')
i need to watch this
What a trailer ❤️ what an epic music it has, love it 💕💕😘
ok this is epic
so this is buzz's origin
why do they have to torture us like this!! they should have posted this teaser in 2022 T^T now I can't stop thinking about this move!! CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS MOVIE TO BE PREMIEREDDDDD!!!!!!!
I love it
Woody gak ada :(
The animation is ten out of ten
And then he realized... he was just a TOY!
I don't know how to explain it but it hits different
omg! the animation is sooooo realistic!
Ami o the only one who don't understand
Buzz Lightyear looking for zurg cuz he's his dad
😮
This trailer goes hard
This goes hard
They better do my boy Tim Allen right by this film and at least give him a cameo.
So im guessing hes going destroy zurgs plot of destroying the intergalactic universe or something like that right?
We finally see his hair
1:19 wait no don’t tell me it’s him
A Pixar make sure you squeeze every dime out of these characters OK
Is it really Buzz Lightyear movie or a similar-looking model used in this movie?
Looks like Halo Reach.  But this is probably the best thing from Disney right now.
Toy story fans stand aside🙌🙌🙌❤❤❤❤❤
BEYOND !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is real
Buzz Looks so.. Young..
At the end it better show some kid playing with some buzz lightyear toy.
One of the best teaser I have watched in a long time.
無限の彼方へ、さあ行くぞ！ バスだね〜w
Who is here after seeing toy story series🤞🤞
I havent been this giddy over something in a long time !!!!!!!!!
He looks like Tom Cruise
Cuối cùng cũng đã tới
today kids will never know that a simple toy can have so much meaning for their parents
Is this toy story?
I come to hear “And”…
НЕХРЕНА СЕБЕ ГРАФИКА  ВАУ
Did you guys know that David Bowie wrote this song just for The Buzz Lightyear movie? He named the song Starman because of Buzz.
The post credit scene:  Cuzz, I mean Buzz Lightyear finishes his little mission or whatever and he goes on an entirely new mission to explore an alternate reality. This mission is named Mission: LZ TY BRN. As he is exploring, he is grabbed by a gigantic titan. Not knowing what to do, he freezes in fear and shock. The gigantic titan puts him on a surface and says, "I would like to purchase this one, my son is having a birthday party."
"To infinity and..." AND WHAT?!
INFINITY AND WHAT? AND WHAT?????
You know you wanna see Andy's watching the movie at the end credits scene.
Buzz looks different-
How dose this work. Will it be what Andy saw while playing with buzz or Is it what the buzz lightyear franchise is about in the toy story universe. Or is it nothing to do with toy story and its own thing. Is this our buzz or a different buzz lightyear.  Is this movie what evey buzz lightyear thinks before he knows he's a toy.
I am more excited for this movie than my little brother. 😄
Look buzz an alien hâhhahahhahahahgagahahahhaa
Got a lot of StarCitizen-Loreville, Hurston vibes watching this. Gonna love it!
watch this become a multiplayer fps game with a battle roayle mode
WHAAAAAA?
The sooooong screams Wall-Eeeee viiiiibes
I can't describe this any other way than, it touches my soul
Reminds me of DarkOrbit.
Tim Allen would've finished the catchphrase....
This is some DarkOrbit retro style stuff.
Buzzlight year here i come
Wow, even I was pretty young when the first movie came out. For some reason the fact it is Bowie as well made me get a little emotional. Life moves fast.
Where is tim allen
terbang tak terbatas dan melampauinya
wow the look of buzz looks awesome and realistic
I seriously hope this won't be another Tomorrowland
To infinity and OUTER SPACE 101 LETS FO
Plz, plz, plz! Walter von Hauff for german synch! PPPPLZZZZ!!!
After this we need a Woody movie that is similar to Hostiles.
Bro when this movie was announced, I wasn’t really that hyped for it since I thought it would just be your average Pixar movie but this trailer just denied that, I’m so excited to watch this!
They really pulled an "Avengers..." on us at the end to try and make us hyped that he didn't say "Beyond!" and my god it worked I cannot wait to see this.
This will be Pixar graphics in 2013
Probably the movie Andy and his friends watched
Buzz with pixar : 360p Buzz with pixar and disney : 4k -buzz
this is fire
To infinity and beyond
I'm getting lots of halo reach vibes here... and I think that's ok
that's my childhood
0:10 wait is that Wall E???
Plot twist: everyone realize the movie just bunch of toys controlled by some kid
Next 2025 we will get Woody Lone ranger Style
토이스토리 버즈아님?
Buzz has come back
The animation just keeps getting more and more realistic
I'm already a 27 year old man with a 5 year old son. .. . Gonna make sure I take him to watch this one. .. . Just like my dad took me to watch the first toy story all those years ago.
Remember that Zurg might tell Buzz that he’s his father at some point in the movie.
1:28 I don’t remember seeing that version of Buzz on the shelf. Box ticked ☑️
This is like Toy Story fused with Wall-E
This Video Goes Hard Feel Free To Download
What if it's all Bonnie Imagination :)
I hope buzz has a woody toy
Amogus
CAN'T WAIT HEHEHE
Yes!!!!!!!,Buzz!!!!!!!!
I love that they designed him in a way that actually looks human.
To infinity and… the cinema
If there’s gonna be a movie about Buzz’s adventures in space, surely there’ll also be a movie about Woody’s adventures in the Wild West.
"KAAAUUU ADALAAHH MAIIINAAAN"
Idk what it is, but sequels never excite me, but for some reason, im really looking forward to this one!!  Also, (am I the only one that got sad while watching this... idk why tho- )
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya.
We’ll probably get to see the full story of Buzz Lightyear in this movie. In Toy Story we got to see Buzz as a toy and his backstory was very vague, but finally we’ll get a full movie about it.
This video goes hard Feel free to use screen recorder
i thought this was a joke           i was wrong its an actualy movie'
All that I can say is. *Cool*
i feel like theres a dark lore behind this.
I love me some toy lore
What a shame that Tim Allen doesn't do the voice for him. But I literally cant wait to see this....
Now this is Disney & Pixar 's style Oscar movie
so whats next woody?
buzz????
Honestly I never was a big fan of toy story, but I loved Buzz lightyear serie as a kid
Can’t wait for him to come out as a non binary transgender male female unicorn to send “the message” to infinity and beyond :D  Basically every modern movie…
RTX Off: toy story buzz   RTX On:
But what do you meeean he has hair???
Me at the end of the trailer... "BEYOND!"
I have 2 creepy explanations for the fact that he is a toy it’s either he was famous enough to get toys made after him or he got turned into a toy yes I know it don’t make sense
OMG
Buzz will sacrifice himself into some giant tear in space and time and crash land in the wild west where he meets a local sheriff.....
Yes buzz bring us that legendary big chin again!
I'm a sucker for sad space movies
Anybody notice that the characters seem to be equivalents to the characters from the space ranger cartoon? The robot is the robot, the curly haired lady is the red skinned space cadet, the thing in the suit with 4 eyes is the big red space ranger and the green tentacles are probably from the 3 eyed little green men.
Wow. My hero from when I was a child. Going to the cinema to watch this at 26 yo, surrounded by screaming kids will be a worthy sacrifice.
I hope there is a part where he meets woody voiced by RDJ
Even tho I haven't watched this movie I got some sort of nostalgia watching this. 😩
This vid hits hard, feel free to re-watch .
Watching this to actually take in that there will be another tor strory-ish movie: :/ Watching it too see buzz’s hair: :)
I hope they'll contextualize the suit. The juxtaposition between that toyish suit and the realness of the rest felt kinda wierid
"Avengers..." "To infinity and..."
this pic hits hard, feel free to screenshot
RTX IS ON LADIES AND GENTS
"To infinity... and fard!"
*_So will Pixar stop deleting my comments?_*
Can't waitt
No Tim Allen?  Hard pass.
The BG song reminds me the Martian Movie, awesome
красивое
If this movie doesn't end with him landing on Andys bed ill personally hunt down the writers and beat them with a buzz lightyear toy
Right, so is this: 1. Origin story of Buzz Lightyear, human astronaut who inspired the creation of toy-Buzz in Toy Story universe? Do we see a cameo of Toy-Buzz at the end?  2. Toy-Buzz's fictional background as determined by the giant corporation that created him? 3. Toy-Buzz's fever dreams 4. Toy-Buzz gets turned into a real boy and instead of helping out Toys everywhere by outing them as sentient and giving them the right to Vote, applies for NASA and goes to space??
Not Tim Allen, not Buzz Lightyear
This movie should've been made along time ago.
To infinity, and beyond !!!!!!!
DAVID BOWIE - SPACE ODDITY
can't wait 🤗🤗
Tim Allen not even the voice of Buzz so whats the point. Screw the 90s kids, right Pixar?
Legend has it, all his blasting off pushed his facial cheeks further and further down, according to legend at his final flight his face will be so elongated he'll be tripping over his cheeks when he walks. " To infinity and beyond"
The visuals are insanee
To infinity and beyond 🚀🤘🧑‍🚀
Im interested if is it about how the toy made or how his soul gets trapped in the toy
This lightyear movie is going to be hot I hope they make this into a video game for the PS4 and PS5.
Why are people rooting for this :|
But why do I feel like crying I'm literally not that old 😭
Oh, feel pity for the poor like me!😭 If I can only have plenty of money to watch this then I could!🙏
To infinity and beyond ♾ 🥺
Simply wow, they're taking it to a whole new level.
Great idea
To infinity, and beyond.
Look woddy He is not toy anymore
The animation is very, very realistic!  Will there be a time where one cannot distinguish animation and reality?
1:02 the guy kind of reminds me of combat Carl?
Ever since the little opening scene to Toy Story 2, I have always had a great fascination over what a Buzz Lightyear movie could cover. The fact it has taken more than 20 years since that point for the idea to emerge is interesting to me - I'm now nearly 30 years old, and normally wouldn't give these movies a second look. But I'll be keeping an eye on this one, and hope it is done well!
The graphics... These are good graphics! Supposedly this is the movie that Andy sees as a boy and asks his mom for a Buzz Lightyear Action Figure.
Waiting
*Hi, I'm Ash. I like avocados.*
Spoiler: At the end, buzz will be cursed by a necromancer-like person to be a toy, and that's how toy story begin
0:40  Me: Buzz is going to the sun? That’s insane! Don’t do this to my man! *5 seconds later* Me: Wow that’s cool.
I'm sure you that buzz's toy will be shown in the end of this movie relating to toy story.
Imma beat so hard to this
Why does Buzz gets a movie dedicated to him first.. how about my man woody?
my mans be looking like chris evans at 0:52
Why do I feel like everything around Buzz is slowly turning into a toy because of what is possibly the cat at the start of the trailer slowly turns into a "toy" later on in the trailer. You can also observe Buzz's space suit slowly turning into his toy story spacesuit. Timestamps: The Cat: 0:49 In the bottom right  The "toy'' Cat: 1:06 Directly in front
Cuzz lighyear
buzz look its a
verify me
BEYOND!!  Am I the only one who shout beyond after watching the trailer?
And.... Beyond 💙🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
and beyond.
What next   Woody the cowboy   ( I'd love that )
No way my dude are you joking me I can't wait my heart is pumping and I am so excited for this I'm at work watching this like omg please let 2022 come faster I can't wait for this hehehe
"YOU ARE A TOY!!"
Buzz went out of orbit, landed on a planet and found Yoda... Became one with the Force...and went back to safe humanity.
Now I want a movie about woody and Bo Peep😁
WHAT the hell?! How do you take a Toy Story Character and create something this stunning looking out of him?! This looks amazing! The Visuals and Feelings are really spectacular! I would certainly watch this! :)
Bruh this has become to realistic when it wasn't back in the old days
The visuals look incredible!
Watched it 5 times. Still giving me goosebumps
Tim Allen is the one and only Buzz Lightyear!
One of my favourite David Bowie songs
so we just gonna retcon the entirety of Buzz Lightyear of Star Command?
Buzz look an Alien! *CURSE LAUGH.*  - Woody
It's adout Doom Slayer?
and now we need a toy story movie to look like this and after that movie a toy story game in that style!!!
Incredible.
I think this is the greatest movie trailer I've ever seen. The music was 👌 That timestretch on the David Bowie vocal eh, those that know, know.
Look how they massacred my boy
Fantasia 2000 1999 1/2
The Buzz Lightyear where the toy was made from. Cool!
Buzz: “We have a friend in need , and we will not rest until the Oscars are safe in Andy’s room. Now let’s move out !!!”.
"Years of Academy training wasted" will finally have context~
The Starman song hits different here man
"Real Buzz isnt real he cant hurt you." Real buzz:
Wooo,  i cant wait for thiss
...beyond
If it's not Tim Allen I'm not watching it
Great entertainment for kids.
still a toy Right?
Nostalgia sells.
This trailer goes so hard
1:20 nostalgia hits hard.
"Chris Evan lends his voice to Buzz" ok now he's a space captain
To infinity and what?
What the actual poop! Can't wait
絶対映画館で見よ!!
Sorry for the inconvenience, but what are you thinking ??? no offense 👉👈
Pixarrrrrrrrr.....masterpiece
Looks like Mission: Space from Epcot offered some inspiration here? ❤️ Wonder if Gary Sinese will have a cameo... 😉
so i guess buzz lightyear was basically master chief but rated for kids.
HE HAS HAIR!?!!
But if it ain’t Tim Allen then…
-...and beyond.
THIS IS GOING TO BE ABSOLUTELY SPECTACULAR
To be honest I expected to hear Bowie's "Space oddity",but then realized that it better fits for landing in Andy's room
David Bowie :)
They had to do some serious plot reconstruction to make it buzz-lightyear like and at the same time non-toy story
To Infinity and beyond!
Bruh he actually got hair.
You did your thing Pixar
Feel free to screenshot
1:20 [HEAVY METAL MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
Friendly reminder that Buzz’s father is literally a Star Wars reference.
Please make a Pokémon movie. A movie that resembles the first Pokémon episodes. It would be so great.
I really love the background song. They used it also in the movie The Martian if i am not mistaken.
No.
Anybody else think buzz goes acab?
I’m stoked about this!
I know Disney is tugging at my nostalgia strings, but I'm probably most likely going to see it.
To infinity and beyond
Every frame of this trailer can be a wonderful wallpaper
Hype level over 9000
IM SO EXCITED AAAA
can't wait for the coming years when woody gets his movie and is voiced by robert downey or something 🤦‍♂️
It'll feel weird not hearing Tim Allen's voice as Buzz.
Buzz has hair??????
I cried tears of happiness watching this 🥲🥲 I grew up on buzz lightyear, even remember burning out so many VHS tapes of Buzz lightyear space command 🤣 can't wait for this
This reminds me of half life so much
Thank god the comments werent disabled
Imagine showing this to everyone who went to see Toy Story 1 when it first came out
So this is what all the Buzz Lightyear toys think their backstory is? That’s actually kinda sad, all the toys have been given a false reality and it’s gonna crush their world.
"YOU ARE A TOY" that aged well
0:45
Bruh i thought I heard joe biden at 0:06
1:20  Buzz Lightyear: The First Spaceranger
I thought it was buzz origin story but all of this looks tech-savvy or fictional love it though
Welp can't wait for this movie the animation looks stellar
Why isn't Tim Allen voicing Buzz?
Buzz lightyear was my all time favorite pixar character growing up, honestly.. this trailer gave me super chills and tear to my eye and joy on how the animation is so perfect. Thank you for making a mans childhood appear in my life again.
I have watched this trailer about 100× , and will watch 1000 times more.  Can't wait for the movie to come out.  Great job Pixar.
Why is this movie necessary? The original trilogy is just fine.
Zurg better be hear and have a darth vader moment
David Bowie starman in the trailer is just magnificent👏
YES
i rhink they should ve have same eyes as toys from toys story
Now I wan't woody.
I just can't believe the quality of Pixar's animation. their animations have evolved so much since Toy Story.
David bowie?
Buzz comes to Life!
I love this, I love it so much it's insane. Can't wait for it :)
The final scene just left me saying "... beyond". That's beautiful.
Does this have nothing to do with the old lightyear lore
Woody: "you're not just a toy anymore"
I can't wait
No Tim Allen? No Buzz 😭
The ending would be buzz waking up beside jessie in Bonnie's house
Is that cat from Captain Marvel?
What were the chances of this happening
Chris Evans playing another hero in a Disney movie who ends up in the future, only to fight the very people who recruit him. (AKA Captain America)
goosebumps man, goosebumps.
Prepare to warp to infinity and beyond into Cosmic space Mr lightyear 👍
“Years of academy training wasted”
The way Andy plays with his toys is just great...!
Dude is he even a toy anymore?
This is a new movie for 2022 👍
Sadly it's on 2022
This looks too good, i don't trust it
I’ve never been a fan of cash grab like movies, but this actually looks pretty good
Please don't use a twist villain, please don't use a twist villain, please don't use a twist villain.
Beyond
THE REAL BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!!!!
I hope they keep the Zurg being Buzz's father angle, Star Wars reference aside it could play into that plot well  "I'm doing this for my dad, he was the first extra-solar explorer, but there was a problem, he was lost in space. He inspired me so much"
Wow, I like ideas like THIS. And I'm glad it's been made this well. :)
I think if they make merch such as toys and T-shirts, and if Woody's Roundup existed, then Toy Story become real.
Toy Story x Star Wars
Omg this is the best
1:20 🤔 Doomguy might want a word…
So he appeared in the future earth after flying around the sun. That's awesome!!! I like stories like this
Bass layer
Looks a lot like DOOM
Next up, a cowboy movie.
Can't wait to see him say "To infinity and beyond!".
Reminds me alot of halo reach and doom in alot of aspects
So was he not a toy before TS?
This goes hard, feel free to screenshot
This looks awesome! Going to see it in theaters!
OMGGGG THIS IS SOOO GOOOD CANT WAIT FOR THE MIVIE!!
Cant wait for the other member of toy story if there is
It's weird how they make everything look so realistic but keep Buzz's jelly-bean looking face. I can appreciate the Bowie track they used though. I look forward to it being released on Disney+ premium and then waiting for 2 weeks later to watch it for free. ;)
Whoa a Pixar space movie
Why buzz isnt Black? I feel offended
imagine #notmybuzz
Does anyone else want to see them make a Woody's Round Up movie?
Not a flying toy
Lets rock this year
I really wish I could unhear "to infinity and your mom" from toy story 4 so I could actually take this seriously
What if they made a toy out of this guy and paired him up with a cowboy doll? Do you think that would make a fun movie(s)?
where is Emperor Zurg?
TO INFINITY AND BEYOOOOOOOOOOND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
I'm tired of sci fi movies.
This looks to have a darker tone and i love it,can’t wait to see it with the kids.🙏🏽🔥🔥
Woody: YOU'RE JUST A TOY!!!!  2022: Yeet
Next movie: “Woody”
He looks so weird I hate this
i have an original buzz lightyear still aaaaaaaaaaaa
1:20 we all know that’s zurg
DOOM?
I would love it if their next film was called "Sheriff" and was about the original Sheriff Woody. A Pixar animated cowboy story.
This movie trailer is so sick, not just for completing the plot for buzz lightyear, it's also kinda respect for the real buzz, which is an absolute legendary astronaut. Respect for Disney and Pixar for their masterpieces that being made all along the way. 👍🏰×💡
If his father isn't in the movie, I'm rioting.
a space movie produced by Galyn Susman Susman SUS MAN SUS
무한한 공간, 저 너머로!
If buzz wasn’t shown here you’d have no idea what this is. What a cash grab
Age of Ultron.
What's the music all the way at the end?
Skeptical at first, but this trailer doeeeee! I'm so hype now, this might be my new favorite Pixar movie!!
I dunno man, but buzz's suit is kinda thin here, compare to buzz's suit toy story version, where the suit is much *thicc*
So people in future use a toy as a test subject for a space suit ?
Finally a hope to Live again.....
This is amazing I can’t sit to see this. Also now we know how buzz lightyear was made. He was inspired by, an amazing astronaut, what a legendary backstory. Imagine if woody got one 😂 not sure if that’s gonna happen though.
The shot at 0:49 and the music feel me with such wonderful feelings. It’s actually beautiful
Im liking how it appears were getting more of a space movie more than him becoming a toy and the movie following the time up until he met woody.
…?
No one asked for this. But... I'm okay with that.
Can’t wait for the classic " To infinity, AND BEYOND!!!”
Buzz?
0:03 I love that his blood type is Universal Donor
Buzz lightyear looks more like Chris patt than lightyear
It's incredible how CGI graphics have evolved in the last 10 years.  Keep up the good work pixar!
wow seeing buzz after all these years and in new 3d is like finding an old toy
1:02 Dude has very Emperor Zerg-ish look. We’ve never known if Emperor Zerg is black. I bet he is.
I still can't believe that its happening....
Please release in Hindi dubbed ❤️💞 you
Hey Pixar if your seeing this I'd like you to make just one more cars movie
Wait, I thought buzz lightyear was a toy
David Bowie's voice over the image of Buzz looking at the window sent shivers down my spine!
Woody: You actually think you’re THE Buzz Lightyear!?!? Oh all this time I thought it was an ACT! Hey guys look, it’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
If emperor Zurg doesn't show up then what is the point?
is this about an white guy in Wakanda?
Pixar, I have watched your movies as long as I have lived, you have inspired me for as long as I have lived. But I have to say it, this cgi looks like minimal effort was involved, like everything looks incredible, like Pixar normally does, but the character design of the humans, especially Lightyear’s face, look laughable. While this movie will probably have the magic of your writing and characters, the visuals really fall flat and may make people turn down your film. While it obviously will be too time-consuming and expensive to edit your film, and you don’t have to fix it, everyone makes slip-ups. As I want to say, Pixar, keep up the good work and continue spreading magic across the world.
Meet the man the myth the legend, to infinity and beyond!  The space ranger from star command...
Didn't they try this before? To be frank, isn't this their third swing at a buzz lightyear stand alone thing.
i hope pixar make a woody roundup movie
Honestly. He looks like an animated Tom Cruise
Quien esta interesado en esto....
so this is where the origin of Bus lightyear :D
He needs to meet a ms nesbett at a bar & make fun of her to his friends 😂
I've been longing for another animated space masterpiece like Wall-E, and I've got high hopes for this.
Burn-E will make an official debut in this movie.
I know there is a lot of weird buzz about this and honestly could care less as I was an adult when Toy Story came out... but...  Anyone else find it odd that they are now making a history to Buzz ... who is actually just a toy and all of it was fake and he was just meant to play the role of Space Ranger?  Writing in Hollywood must be tanking if this is the best Disney can scrounge up... I'm sure it'll be good but I guess in this modern era nothing is canon anymore.
Who else said "beyond" ?
I'll give this trailer points for using David Bowie
I love buzz
Beyond
So is he gonna have a scene where he write half the Star Command rules book?
Love this rendition of the David Bowie song Starman.
Ok Pixar, in my opinion, I think this will be the best visually stunning movie I have every seen great job to every one that helped make this movie.
Woody:You are just a toy!!!! Buzz:Mi mi mi! *Show his new movie
Hey Pixar! Next Time for Woody
The visuals actually looks pretty sick. Probably the only animated film I would watch in a long time. Looks more mature than most Pixar and Disney films because the comedy aspects in animated films don’t reach me like it used to do .
Remind me of that 1 level in Halo Reach
At first glance I thought this was a new toy story movie. Lmao
This movie: One minute, he’s defending the whole galaxy. Toy Story: And suddenly, he finds himself sucking down Darjeeling with Marie Antoinette and her little sister.
I can't wait to go home>.<
let it die
is it Lighty-ear?
Really looking forward to this
Can't wait for zurg
Does he have a buzz cut?              Sorry i had to-
Please no.
I promise I won't cry
This looks like the best Pixar movie yet
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND ✊✊
Looking forward to this movie!!
Why I’m craying?
They messed up his motto at the end 0/10 not gonna watch
It’s like Top Gun goes to space and meets Pixar
What! I wasnt expecting this
Oh man that was so unexpected
Can we get a full Pixar cinematic universe going on. I want to see Wall-E, Buzz, and The old guy from up all in one movie.
Why does this look like its gonna slap so hard?
I’m calling it now: the movie ends and the credits start to roll and then it slowly zooms out to show a tv screen rolling the credits and all the toys are sitting around watching it and commentating
Don’t screw this up
buzz lightyear looks like Jim from TheOffice when he got a haircut in season3
My **Theory/Plot Twist** : At the end, maybe as an end credit scene, He would be put to cryo sleep for recovery, and his ship drifting off in space, his radio to Star Command -- DAMAGED -- by Zurg, after Buzz defeated Zurg into retreat where Zurg can set up his secret weapon to conquer the Universe and only Buzz know's it's only weakness, and as Buzz closes his eyes one last time before going into Cryo sleep the animation shifts into the original Toy Story animation and story line, where Andy's mom purchased him as a birthday present.... Then proceedes Toy Story 1.
Halo ReeeEEEEEEAAAAAAAACCCCCHHHHHH
With Elon Musk we are able to believe in this future
*When you just got a rtx gpu and want to test the raytracing....*
I have watched this trailer 10 times already please release the movie right now!
Without Tim Allen.  Hard Pass.
Hi Dave Bowie, i just want to let you know, that, when the coca cola advertising with your song stopped on tv, and everyone in social media forgot about you because you were not in the trending topic, i keep listening to your songs. Every. Single. Day.
No Tim Allen = Not Interested!
Alright Disney, I’m interested.
This looks great Pixar dont mess it up
Goosebumps
buzz lightyear
I’m calling it at 1:17 it’s going to be zurg
Alicia: To Infinity, Buzz: and, Both: Beyond.
Ohhhhhhhhhhh can’t wait
kinda ew
1:21
This is really majestic at .5 speed
XD
uhhhhhh so it is true huh? i thought the picture I saw on twitter with his hair was fanmade but nope chad light year is true lol watch this be the start of the toy story universe and how each toy has a backstory and how they ended up on the shelf lmao
The quality of this animation is better than my eyes
I hope in the next trailer, Pixar would add space oddity
Beyond. Sorry I had to finish it
Wait wut i thoughr this thinngi is just a meme XD
Man Pixar’s movies look so good they have this live action vibe yet still look cartoonish
Goosebumps 😱😱
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND WE GO😮
The animation's so clean and cool can't wait
Wow
He BETTER have wings and a laser. I already know Zurg is in the movie.
I don't get it. Is he still the same toy? Is everything around him all toys? Is it supposed to be a real guy and Toy Story Buzz was an action figure based on the real guy who went to space?
*Batteries not included*
so this looks amazing don't get me wrong but how exactly does this fit into the storyline for toy story...?
अनंत से भी आगे😂✌️
Anant se bhi aage❣️
20th Century Fox / MGM Paramount / MGM
I CAN’T WAIT!
Inside Out Joy
Imagine showing this to someone in 2013 after they jus watched toy story
WHERES WOODY
There is no Buzz Lightyear without Tim Allen. Any man with character would turn down this role. Disney is gutless.
wow buzzlightyear
from the trailer im guessing that lightyear will use the crystalic fusion reactor in his ship to pull off a round-the-sun stunt maneuver that will cause him to experience time-dilation. he's definitely on mars in the planet shots and i think that big green plant tendril evolves and grows over the however-many-years Buzz skips with the time-dilation effects of the sun maneuver/experimental drive he's using. he ends up in the future and encounters mars is taken over by zurg and his robots.
Buzz Lightyear but RTX is on
“To infinity” “And” ……  Audience: “BEYOND!!!!!!!”
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
Looks so cool
Doses anyone remember the old Buzz Lightyear of Star Command TV series from 2000-2001 they kind of established the character’s back story I remember getting the VHS tape when I was Young
100% it will end with a toy version of him being placed on a store shelf
Good lord, I'm done 🖖🏻
To infinity, and........    SUMMER 2022
Beyond.
I thought this movie was a joke but they're actually making it 😂😂😂
Buzz not a robot?
So... is this the story of the toy or the story of the man who inspired the toy?
God the soundtrack just perfect
BUZZ Lightyear doesn't have a BUZZ cut?! disappointed.
At this point every pixar movie is guaranteed gonna get an oscar 😂
certified ART. every frame could be a wallpaper.
I hate that this looks good
I want someone to take off buzz helmet so he can do the iconic chocking scene!
There's one thing in this that truly makes the animation stand out: reflections in all the glass surfaces. It looks flawless.
star man is the perfect song
Buzz Lightyear gameplay vs Buzz Lightyear lore
I got shivers and started tearing up to this!! Buzz Lightyear was a huge part of my childhood and still is a huge part of my life right now! Then they also had to use my favourite Bowie song as well! Growing up in my family I was always constantly referred to as a space cadet and yeah I know it wasn't always meant in the best way but Buzz Lightyear just holds a special place in my heart and this trailer just brought all those feelings rushing back! I just can't wait for this!! 😭😭
Woody:  “Heh, whatd'ya know?  You don’t look so fat when they draw you that way.”
Wasn’t this about toys… coming to life? Not whatever this is? Can you guys just stop and make something original?
Omg my childhood isn't over I have to watch this now
It would have been 10 times better if Tim Allen was buzz. You don't get the same feeling with Chris Evans, but that's just me
Someone was at the office and said to the meeting “what if we gave buzz light year lore?”
Basically Buzz is canonically based off a real person lol
Buzz: *Save the universe then black out. Some random cowboy: Hey you! You're finally awake!
Did Pixar  get the buzz from Buzz Aldrin
pixar we know that this connects to walle and BNL just please make movies that connect the pixar theory already i cant take it anymore Dx
I bet this is where Zurg appears: 1:19
Can’t wait for all the toy story characters background stories.
Ayo is that buzz lightyear
This would be even better if Tim Allen would voice Buzz again...but oh well
Oh my childhood
End credits scene, the camera zooms out as the buzz is doing something on screen, showing off Andy, his daughter and a teenage Bonnie watching the movie together
Cool, now we need Woody’s Roundup
This is how you make trailer
Look at that they had to put a black female buzz just so the liberals can watch the movie
David Bowie's Starman sounds so amazing!
1:18 those robots look eerily similar to zurg…
Zerg would look fire
this is just leading up to the next toy story movie
Where’s Tim Allen?
Gave us something we didn’t know we wanted
beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop beep Boop (insert spiny head thingy)(1:14)
This movie goes hard, feel free to record
Please make a Woody origin movie starring Clint Eastwood.
i am hyped for this
poor excuses to exclude Tim Allen....
| Warp Darkmatter???
Wonder what they're gonna make of zurg..
I don’t know why I’m tearing up😢
I wonder how this fits into the pixar theory.
Basically this was Andy's imagination when playing with buzz
Hearing David Bowie’s “Starman” in the new Pixar Movie, “Lightyear”. Really gives me tears.
YO!?
honestly can't wait for it
This doesn’t make sense
Wow! I can't believe this takes place in 2552!
This feels so nostalgic even though this is a new movie
Now we just need Robert Downey Jr. to play Woody and it'll be complete! 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
I love this
if there is no zurg in this I'm going to fight
The whole time I waited to hear the voice for Buzz. Then they literally have him say one word at the end and I realize it sounds nothing like his actual voice. Totally ruins the movie.
Is it just me, or does this buzz kinda resemble Chris Evans. 🧐🤔
Wait this movie is real, I thought this was a meme
I live how buzz lightyear is mix of both metroid and starwars
FINALLY!!! The original story
“To infinity and beyond…….”
Someone told me that this Buzz looks like the type to turn off his body cam and now I can’t stop thinking about that
Woody also deserves a solo movie, which contains the whole "Woody's Roundup" series from Toy Story 2!!!  ❤❤❤❤❤❤
I expect to see zurg in this film or in post credits as teaser or in a sequel
All I have to say is,  Tim Allen.
Woody was always just a you and never based off an actual person so not sure why people are comparing the two. So much unnecessary hate in the world .
I thought that this was a joke. Looks cool tho. Lol.
Seeing that suit and hearing that part of the catchphrase, filled me with nostalgia
I literally had to watch this like 5 times to just appreciate the detail put into the TEASER TRAILER
I hope towards the end of the film, they'll say something to Buzz after his mission or journey like "They'll make a toy after you!" And Buzz will be like "No way, that's just silly."
I am 56 years old - and all I can say to this trailer is ... YESSSSSSSS  ! 😁👍✨ M 🦘🏏😎
omg the david bowie makes this 10000x more beautiful
Tim Allen should would have taken this to a 10/10. Just can’t be as good as it could have been.
guys i want to know does zorg make an appearance?
Lol
I can watch this all day
Woody: so who's the real Buzz?
Ain’t no way ain’t no way
Jesus Saves, John 14:6 amen 🙏🏾
to infinty and beyond  falls*
Can we have empire strikes back? No we have animated esb at home Esb at home:
This trailer goes hard feel free to screen record
Anyone else say “beyond” at the end to finish the phrase?
Hope it lives up to the original buzz spinoff "buzz light-year of star command". May have been a cartoon but was good
That’s it, I’m sold. Putting the late great David Bowie’s “Starman” in the trailer makes it a definite watch for me.
María Antonieeeeta y su hermaniiito !!!
Music always bring nostalgic memories of The Martian film 😍
IS THIS EVEN TOY STORY ANYMORE! THE MOVIE LOOKS SO COOL!
This was the "movie" advertisement for the buzz lightyear toys in the toy story universe. This was what made Andy love Buzz.
Why oh why would they not end this trailer with the word “Beyond”? Terrible choice
😤 why tho
0:07 can't doubt how similar this scene looks in comparison to the beginning of Jedi: The Fallen Order
When the door opens to the red lights and cuts way thats when zurg will come out
Kinda feels like star wars...
Seems veery promising.
To infinity and beyond...
Wait, why is there an F-18 looking jet aircraft performing vertical takeoff?? And where are the booster engines?? AND WHERE ARE THE PACK WITH ALL THR OXYGEN FOR THE SUIT!? I can’t we the only one noticing the lack of physics here, right?  Right..?
Zorg
I love to imagine this movie being canon to the toy story world and that the buzz toy is based on it !
Remember the Buzz Lightyear cartoon from back in the day
MY CHILDHOOD!!!!!!!!!!
Anyone remember when Claire in jurassic world said dinosaurs are miracles so are moives nice music but I'm waiting for my generation to make moives for more up to date music
Human Shrek SoLo Movie !!??!! Lets Goooooo
@1:18 Char Aznable
The presence of Zurg could make or break this movie
i like be boop
Wall-E x toy story
vai rolar astronauta de mármore na versão dublada ?! kkkkkk
1:07 1:15 1:17 1:18 1:29
Where’s his arch enemy who’s secretly his dad liek star wars that would of been 10 times better
Anyone else think buzz was like Star Wars ???
Omg I can’t believe it I’m gonna cry the nostalgia as a kid is getting to me
Buzz con pelo :0
Jim Raynor in Disney
Pixar never fails to disappoint me
I’d watch it
do not go gentle into that infinity and beyond
I think this might be Emperor Zurg 1:20
Looks like years in the training academy wasn’t wasted after all… 😆
No. Way.
So, a plastic toy now has a backstory too? How wonderful.
No just no
This is about to influence a brand new generation of kids wanting to become astronauts!
I feel like I needed this
Graphics look good and it's definitely going to be interesting to see Buzz as an actual person and not just as a kid's toy anymore...  I wonder if they will do a Woody movie as well🤔
bub lightyearb
It’s so cool to see why buzz light year was acting so crazy in toy story one and I’m curious to see if this is all programmed into his head somehow or he turns into a toy
And to think… All this started with a boy playing with some toys in his bedroom.
So the shop at the very beginning. Nobody gonna talk about how it’s a trade federation ship from Star Wars???  And the fact that he landed on Dagobah and that his ship looked like Luke’s in that same scene. BUZZ LIGHTYEAR IS A JEDI 😂
This might be the best Buzz LightGear they ever made in Pixar cause he’s actually going to the moon and sun
There better be an end credit scene where woody shows up and says “I’m putting together a play date”
This movie has rtx ray tracing
I'm going to take my son to see this. Thanks Pixar. 😊
Well done Pixar. Hope the story isn't predictable
F Woody.
I can’t say this enough THANK YOU 🙏
Zurg..
That moment you realize more adults will watch this than kids….. *that includes me.*
And no one is gonna talk about how good the music is
I can just imagine at the end, Buzz Lightyear risking his life defeating Zurg and then dying. After that, the space station memorializing him by creating plastic figures for his recognition.  Man, that would be sad.
He looks like a realistic Joe from Family Guy
if zurg isnt the main villian im not intrested
See You Space Cowboy 🤠
The pic goes hard feel free to screenshot.
And then Woody get his own movie too, and then Buzz meet Woody in next movie and conclusion that's all Andy plays
He's a toy. His origin story is plastic mold injection in China.
No. He was just a toy.
David Bowie’s Starman?
a year from now a little boy in America will start moving out of his cowboy phase and into his space phase after receiving a toy based on this movie
It sucks the voice actor isn’t the OG Tim Allen.
Really? Selling nostalgia again.
Toy Story 1 :  Woody : YOU ARE A TOY !!! Buzz : Excuse me....
1. RTX on toy story 2. He has hair?? 💀💀💀
토이 친구들을 위해 뭘 이런 걸 다 만들어 주셔서, 정말 감사합니다, 픽사. 손가락 마주대는 장면에서 눈물 날 뻔했어요.
Chris Evan's voice in buzz .. this gonna be fun🔥
Is that green girl from the cartoon in it
Oh my god please no...
What if at the end of the movie, the screen zooms out to reveal a movie theater with Andy in the audience saying, “That was amazing!”
Now thats what I want to see
I came here from the "Cuzz Lightyear" meme
0:37, The face you make when the poo gets stuck.
Definitely going to be a big hit  ¡Bien trabajo Disney!
To inifnity.... and what? TO INFINITY AND WHAT?!!!
I wonder how they are gonna tie the fact that buzz is a toy and the movie is depicting a real person “buzz”
Great news along with the return of the Main Street Electrical Parade.
This isn’t for kids of this generation but kids of the late 90s, early 2000s
Gives off Lego movie vibes, animated rocket especially looked like they didn't finish it, if they were going for a realistic feel.   The takeoff was on fire though. If they are creative like Nolan was with interstellar, it would make the movie next level.
I bet the Pixar execs were high.
Yo, David Bowie is so good on this
The amount of times I've already rewatched this trailer since it's come out.
Now this for WOODY same with very beyond reallocate graphics than do a   WOODY AND BUZZ with very beyond reallocate graphics
Now buzz looks so crisp. Feels so weird 😂
Imagine if this whole movie is Andy's imagination.
“To infinity”  “And…” Your mom
Buzz looks just like Tom Braddy!
Are we going to get a "Woody" too?
If the toys they make for this don't come to life I'll be very dissapointed.
No Tim Allen voice?  WHAAAAAAAT?  Cancel culture liberals at it again.   Wrecking everything for us!
Buzlight dude hawt
He has hair
If there is at least a Woody mention I'm gonna cry so loud
It would be a nice reveal that this was all a story created by andy
와.  멋진데?
That's the programing story of buzz
1:16-1:19 is so dramatically awesome
It’s the real buzz lightyear
That swamp shot with the ship reminds me of dagobah in Star Wars episode 5
OMG the graphics are incredible it's just like a PS5 game
I've scanned barcode from 0:03 thinking that it will be some kind of easter egg, like "A113" but is not any kind of valid barcode type :(
1:34
1:08
OMG IM 12 AGAIN 😱
IT'S CREAKING. THANK YOU DISNEY AND PIXAR. MORE DAVID BOWE'S SOUNDTRACK TRANSLATES THE COURAGE OF THE FIRST AND CURRENT ASTRONAUTS. TO INFINITY AND BEYOND. AS THE SONG SAYS: TO A MAN IN THE STARS WAITING FOR US.
We need Zurg and the Little Green Men! And if we're lucky Booster and XR too
Toy Story and Monsters Inc were really good.
nadie: cowboy bebop
Well, this looks interesting
No Tim Allen?  ?
Patrick is better
Plot Twist Ending: "Andy it's time for dinner"  Andy: "Coming"
Kinda reminded me of star wars
How come the blue stuff they put in his ship in the beginning looks like the coaxium from solo: a Star Wars story
This movies will go hard.....feel free to screenshot
Yo what
why does this look like a animated version of the martian
Am I the only one here who actually loved the character as he was, like from the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command animated series, and am thus pretty disappointed that this doesn’t look anything like any of that?
New buzz turns off his body cam
...Disney turns buzz into a homosexual,  so he can "go infinity" into his partners rectum
Dude I hope they put Emperor Zurg in and make him a serious villain that doesn't crack to many jokes or anything, like an actual threat and not a joke character.
Can’t wait to fully see and understand his story through a film directly shining light on him
YOU ARE A TOY!
I want to see a "REX" movie.
To infinity and beyond
"To infinity and..."  AND WHAT?????
Spoiler: Zurg is the father.
0:50 buzz got like a dog or a cat in the corner
*"He's just some play toy"* *sees trailer* *spits out drink*
Can we talk about the orchestra 😳
why would you fly into the sun?
anyone know the song used?
WOODY : Buzz You Look Diffrent Buzz Yes
Beyond
I dont know why, but I have a good feeling about this movie.
Does that mean there is another earth that is slightly smaller than ours?
L
I'll bite
"To infinity, and the great beyond."
This kind of reminds me of the short film "FTL" test flight goes well until there is an accident... makes it back home with the help of some friendly aliens... Something along those lines 😁
We better see wall e in this
Pixar can do no wrong. Simply put, they know how to tell a story.
_what_
I’mma say this is a theory, so buzz was real, then a toy company saw the real buzz then they started making buzz Lightyears
Hold on... You *what?*
As an adult i'm super excited for this
No one can replace Tim Allen as Buzz.
I’m not a huge fan of toy story, but I’m actually looking forward to this ngl
This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Looks cool
Cool
🚨🚨🚨 lots of paid robot 🤖 comments her
I really hope he still has the jet wings on his suit
Imagine at the end of  the movie, the whole movie was just Andy playing with buzz 😂
Seeing Buzz with just the suit as a kid, i forgot he was an Astronaut with Hair
Can’t wait for all the dark fan theories a month after this films release.
Interesting take on the Artstyle! Wonder what Zurg'll look like.
#notmybuzz
well this movie better end with him meeting a cowboy at the end
You have literally perfectly matched the song to this teaser!!!
I hate Disney and this looks decent
the guy singing sounds like bill from gravity falls
No
Dope
No
No
No
this look amazing
Pixar a poopy head
Feel free
Is anyone going to talk about how he looks like yuri the Soviet astronaut
God is good repent Dios los ama God is coming Dios viene
Where's the Etch-A-Sketch backstory
鄧梓峰衝出香港！
Waqqh gila kereeen abissa buzz di jadi solo movie ga sabar siih sumpah
There's no better way of destroying a classic like making modern day remakes and origins stories no one asked for.
Se mira un poco más seria que las demás pero tampoco esta mal, se mira interesante
0:12 in toy story 1 there is a line of dialogue that says:  Are you still using fossil fuel or have you already discovered crystal fusion?
Well this is gonna generate...  quite the *buzz*
I wish Tim Allen did the voice of the new Buzz!
Ok! Another Screw-up, Just like Puss N Boots....
Hope the movie didnt turn into just buzz's lore video and turn out its just a commercial
Personal theory: This is an in-universe movie based on the toy of Buzz Lightyear, and probably will not be canon to the overall Toy Story plot.
SLINKY DOG MOVIE 2022
i m sold take my wallet disney
Buzz Lightyear with hair was not something I ever expected to see
looks like tom cruise
INCREIBLE
The song gave me the chills! Can’t wait for this movie.
So handsome 🥰
A story of a nasa pilot becoming a plastic toy
I hope that at the end of the movie we'll have a reference of Toy story 1  I mean, a scene like all the Toy stores full of astronaut toys in honor to him and then is when Andy's mum would buy the Buzz lightyear. It would be amazing and very nostálgic, wouldn't It?
i literately can't stop watching this please help
Woody would have totally been a slave owner
I remember reading this in the light-year manga
It looks like a 1960s sci fi comic, with a hint of matt Damon's Martian
Buzz be like "You see that Woody? I have a movie!
To wokefinity and beyond!! 🤣
Giving me major final space vibes.
It's about time we got to see why Andy liked Buzz so much more than Woody.
Nobody gonna talk about the shading is better than another animated movie?
Looked good until the end. Probably be woke.
Interstellar but with buzz lightyear
And you thought they were done at toy story 4.
واو
They always touch what doesn’t need to be touched
The quality of this looks amazing
Another cash-grab, yikes
THIS is how you make a trailer!
The attractive line conceivably stuff because monday consquentially scream alongside a madly energy. silly, pleasant organization
1:28 Disney marketing team nails it again.
Nice to know my childhood is coming back 🥲🥲🥲
One small step for Infinity. One giant leap for infinity and beyond.
Ground control to Major Buzz
So he's not a toy then?
WHATEVER YOU DO!!!1!! Don’t read the producers last name in the description at 3AM!! Worst mistake of my life!
I see there’s no real physics in the film.
0:12 hey isn’t that crystal from the toy story 3 game?
Woody: "Uh, Buzz? We missed the truck!" Buzz: "We're not aiming for the truck, we're aiming for the oscars!"
Yuk
What.
I love that they seem to be taking it pretty seriously, while still holding to the original character's look.
So... are we getting a Western next, Disney?
Bro can someone help me with the song name I need to know it
Im gettin Wall E vibes
So basically the Buzz Lightyear in Toy Story is an action figure made to advertise this movie
A movie called Roundup and it's base of Woody story kind of like this one
I am so there.
NO Tim Allen!?
I can already tell, this is gonna be….epic! Love Buzz Lightyear! 😎😁
No it doesn't work, it doesn't feel like they are toys
0:12 crystolic fusion
I'm SO excited!!!!!
MENUJU TAK TERBATAS DAN MELAMPAUINYA 🔥
Haaamaaa
Where’s Tim Allen?
can someone please explain why this is an origin story for the inspiration for the toy of Buzz Lightyear in the original toy story and yet there is no space colonisation in any of the 4 toy story movies. Edit:The only theory I can currently think of is that this is a film in the pixar/toy story universe to promote the toy perhaps?
this is weird, its like making an animated western with a human woody, cool if you like it, not for me
Always love pixar movies man, SO HYPED
Man y’all really be pulling on my childhood love this 😂
Racial quota completed and beyond!!
Does he be come a toy at the end?
Woody (1995) : You actually think you're The Buzz Lightyear? Buzz Lightyear (2022) : And I took that personally.
I'm calling it, the cats a spy for zerg.....
watching this for the 100th time lol, can't wait
I can’t get over get over how cute buzz is in Real life 😩😩✨
It reminds me of Star Wars when they’re in the swamp area
Everyone making jokes about Woody's appearance 👨‍🌾    1:17 Zerg: am I a joke to u🧑‍🚀
Serious Farscape vibes.
Ah, so Pixar is gonna be flexing its CG muscles in space this time? I’m in
Watch V for Vendetta. We are all V
toy story x star wars crossover when?
I think this is the real astronaut that inspired the toy to be made
Man, I still I can't believe Derek Chauvin got his own movie
Is so good  👍 😍
to infinity and.........
WOW...I almost thought it was gonna about Buzz Aldrin. Anyways, I love it.
The disturbed weasel presently continue because eyebrow extracellularly bow of a warlike plywood. cuddly, energetic stinger
I sure hope he doesn't waste those years of academy training.
Now THIS, I’m excited for.
Beyond
Mom I know im 24 and supposed to be an adult… but new Buzz Lightyear lore just dropped.
え、これマジ？
Nobody commenting on the fact he looks like an animated Chris evens
What’s the music in the background again?
Watching halo reach rn 😂
There’s a starman waiting in the sky
I didn't know I wanted a buzz lightyear movie... But I really really do
Halo Reach knock off
When you realize who is going to step off that ship...
Wouldn't this technically be a second movie?
I don’t even know what to say but Wow, This is something i never imagined would happen,i grew up Loving Toy Story and seeing that Woody Got A Nice Happy Ending but now this is something im really excited for
delete your life xoxo
Finally we will see Andy's favorite movie. This is like a movie, inside a movie... Interesting if I say so
Looks good. Can’t wait to watch it
I'd watch this
When I heard about this, I thought it was a joke-
Woody: YOU ARE A TOY!!  Buzz 30 years later: yeah, about that-
I had a thought that maybe buzz lightyear was a real astrounaught in the toy story universe who was an extremely big deal. Kind of like our neil armstrong   Hence the toys being made after him.
Woody movie when?
Disney’s next movie made for kids called “WOODY”
well once you ignore the buzz fact it seems nice
David Bowie's song always fit in every single movie about space
Buzz in 8k
BEYOND
I mean I like it, but it feels a little to Star Warsy for it to feel like it takes inspiration from toy story. I understand inspiration comes from every where but from what I saw it's drawing way to much off Star Wars.
I can’t wait 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Why does this feel like it's going to be a mature movie that's also animated but with a bit of light heartedness.
Huh. That's definitely not what I expected.
I will admit, having Buzz Lightyear not voiced by Tim Allen or Patrick Warburton is going to take some getting used to. Still, this looks great!
I thought this was a toy movie.
Yeo my childhood 😭😭 this is firee
Did anyone ask for this? Lol Feels so random. Hope it’s good. Just feels kinda odd seeing buzz as a person.
Is he going to fight the evil emperor Zerg, sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance?
why'd I read made by Disney, Pixar and Xfinity
This is what Buzz thought his life was before the realization.
Woody: you are a toy. Buzz: laughs in astronaut.
its basically toy story with rtx on where buzz is the chad of chads
look how they massacred my boy
Plot Twist : this is how buzz remember things when he is still in packaging. At the end, he will be put to sleep after his mission took majority of his friends, just to wake up and Andy's room and realizing he is just a plastic doll.
It’s not to late to delete this and forget about this
NICEEE!!!! :D
he looks like he would call me 18 different slurs in a single breath
I just love when the notification pops up “you have a new subscriber” it makes me so happy💯
😃😃🇪🇨
I'm gonna to be really upset if ya'll miss the opportunity to use the line "They'll make toys out of us!" in this movie.
I'm more excited for this than spiderman tbh
David bowie starman
the cat's already my favourite character
The buzz light year toy is based on an Astronaut. It’s in the movie Toy story they mentioned it.  Imagine an astronaut having his own action figure.
This looks amazing❤️
we saw under his purple thing first time...
Woody : *you are not Toy*  Buzz :    *Imagination*
Istg I only heard Chris Evans speak two times 😡 I will write an angry formal letter
The 5 year old me wants to cry with excitement. The 26 year old me also wants to cry with excitement 😁
Only problem with this movie is how they made everything look too realistic and not goofy enough also the buzz scenes in the older movies still made him look like a toy   Also this movie could definitely be dope if done right
Tim allen better be buzz
So, a movie within a movie.
HHHHHHmmmmmmm interesting
Seems a bit boring tbh
I thought he was buzlightier
The anime adaptation of buzz light year
This is gonna be sick
This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
All: "This Are A Great Movie"... Me: *OMG BUZZ HAD HAIR!!!*
I hope they don’t pick some random villain for the movie instead of the one and only zurg
Can't wait for the movie, also, thanks Pixar!!! I wanted to see a Buzz with hair!!!
Wait wasn’t this already a cartoon show like in the 2000s about Buzz Lightyear? Then what’s the point in this one
Yo this goes hard
I never knew I needed this until now...
Where Woody?
Hope you will do Willy's too
This trailer goes hard. Feel free to screen record     *Disney sues you 1M for stealing*
The movie we didn't know we needed... But so pumped we're getting!!!! This looks so dope!!!
We need a Woody movie now...
this pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Tim Allem hiso la voz  buzz lightyear Toy story  1 a 4  y Chris evans la Voz de  lightyear. 🚀
Gg si sampe merinding gw asli 🔥
So everybody is black now
Too bad Tim Allen won't be in it
Could it be? Has the old magic returned?
Brilliant. I'm sold.  Full circle - a film about a toy in a film about a toy based on a film.
Great idea until you chose a different voice actor! Why????
0:58 Yoda lifts his ship.  Buzz: i dont believe it.  Yoda: that is why you fail
This looks amazing! I'll never forget going to the disney on Ice shows when i was 5 and I got a Buzz Lightyear light up Gauntlet souvenir. It was so cool.
does the first few seconds remind anyone else of astronaut in the ocean
yooooooo
Hope they make a woody movie maybe
God I hope it ain’t garbage
Quiero ver una película donde salga solo Bo Peep ;(
Buck Rogers?
Hey
This is making me emotional man. Buzz Lightyear was such a memorable character when I was a little kid with the Toy Story films. It looks so beautiful.
Milk that cow baby! Yeaaah....
The visuals look great
Just what fans wanted. How did Buzz becomes Lightyear. This shows that people have run out of ideas…I’m still going to see this though. Hahaha
Beyond 1:29
If you can dream it,you can do it ~Walt Disney
Why do I feel like that Emperor Zurg is gonna look like Darth Vader and Megatron at the same time
Omg I was waiting for this all my life
Every single frame of this trailer is a free screenshot
Was kinda hoping Tim Allen would be voicing Buzz again lol
Robots are visible on frame @. These robots are a redesign of the robots of Emperor Zurg from toy story (even the letter Z is visible on them (it's his emblem)), which means that he himself is likely to appear in the cartoon! I'm looking forward to it!
When I first saw the main character I knew he seemed a bit familiar.
6.3k people have no soul. LOL!
I am hoping there is a part where buzz will say "there seems to be no signs of intelligent life anywhere".
*Me, a 27 y/o male at the end in the trailer* "BEYOND!!
seems like an animation version of intersteller
1:18  Now i don't know about you.. but considering those are zurg bots, and after this scene is a glowing purple case...  I think we all know who's making their appearance.
yeah need a kids movie named woody
childhood me would had screamed in joy
No waaaaaaay
Something we didn’t know we needed
Ah yes. The toy story cinematic universe is beginning. Should be seeing woody in the post credit scene
THE. SONG!
Woody: "YOU. ARE. A TOY!"     Buzz 2022: _are you sure about that?_
whAAAAAAAAAT
finally we get Buzz Lightyear backstory. Woody backstory when
Woody said “YOU ARNT THE REAL BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!” Well, this is the real Buzz LIGHTYEAR!
Movie about Buzz finding himself in the planet of the apes. Is it a thriller?
is lightyear a tv series
May I? 📸
*"Whatever happens, happens"*
Finally, buzz recorded his gameplay
I have to admit, I was skeptical when this was announced.  I didn't quite GET that this meant Pixar doing another big sci-fi space epic, while defining the new canon of Buzz Lightyear.  God, did I not expect to be so excited for this!
I prefer tim allen being the voice of buzz lightyear in lightyear movie
Lol @ having some random black lady in buzz's suit
Woke!
I wonder if zurg is going to be in this movie
My inner 6 year old just reappeared for a moment
STARMAN!
this looks awesome, cant'wait
Didn’t know Elon musk’s favorite music will be on this trailer lol.
can't wait for the western style movie with all the other characters
0:55 i think i see a Zurgbot
Wait, so this is not a joke…
This made me smile very very big
I feel like I am going to cry watching this movie
People complain about buzz not being Tim Allen as if biopics ever cast the person they’re portraying
Me in between the trailer: are they gonna include Yoda and Vader??
Curious when Miss Nesbit makes her appearance
1:08 Nothing like talking about general relativity and how time passes faster when next to a large gravitational force in a kids movie
Fake
“Avengers... a—“
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command is getting definitively retconned isn't it
His "To Infinity and beyond" feels man!
Let’s GO.
Me who loves toy story: My happiness is immeasurable and my day is fullfilled
no
*YOU. ARE. A. TOY.*     *Not anymore..*
Bruh how pewdiepie  has more subscribers then Pixar themself
Where are Mira, Booster and XR? Why do all his colleagues seem to be humans?
I’m excited
Yes please 👍
ITS BUZZZZ
Ngl when i first saw this I thought it was gonna be a “ This pic goes do hard feel free to screenshot”moment
POR FAVOR FAÇAM UM FILME DA HISTORIA DO WOODY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why do I get the feeling that Buzz Lightyear will also be a man out of time in that he will also get hurled into the future like Captain America?
Why not have tim Allen play him tho?
Anyone else notice the Gundam reference?
Bruh Disney explaining time travel
His shirt says “PROPERTY of Star Command”. Does that mean the space rangers are slaves forced to fight for their galaxy?
This Star wars movie looks great oh wait
i want this to be for a more adult audience compared to some recent pixar movies like luca and onward, and focus on more adult themes kinda like megamind did 11 years ago
"you're a toy!"
After seeing Disney milk franchises like Star Wars or the MCU dry, or make remakes of old classics, it's very refreshing to see a backstory from a 20+ year old movie.   I know the toy story franchise isn't just the main 4 films, and I know Pixar is owned by Disney, but it's nice to see a new film revisit some of the more daydream inducing aspects that were sort of overlooked
What if this isn't real but the show that the Buzz Lightyear toy was merchandize for?
Came here from a meme, turned out it's a  great trailer
We thought this was all a misunderstanding! I love to see other people’s point of views
Starcraft woop woop
"To Infinity and Beyond"
The comment section need more david bowie appreciation.
this trailer goes hard, feel free to take a screenshot though..
I really appreciate Pixar not marking their trailers as "made for kids." It looks like they actually care about the millions of adults who love their movies.
I wonder, will Zurg be a part of this movie?
Now i want a woody movie
this goes so hard
What if this is in the same timeline as Toy Story, and Andy actually meets Buzz (If he decides to turn into an astronaut, would make a lot of sense since Buzz was his inspiration as a kid)
Oh boy I love it when they leave us in a cliff hanger I wonder what they say next.
I like that ET reference at the end
Bout time we actually see the real plot of where buzz came from, just a sauced up buzz aldrien
Trailer: “From Disney and Pixar” Me: “Sooo.. Pixar?”
Really interested in this!
The transition from Melee to Brawl be like:
were is the blue ginger  girl what happen to her ?
I made this animation in the trailer
People who are saying Woody should have his own movie clearly have no imagination whatsoever.
I can't be the only one that wants a Woody back story. They can't shelve Woody.
I havent been so hype for an animation movie since a very long time :P that song rose some unsuspected emotions
I hope Tim Allan still voices for him
🐌  🚀
Kind bummed Tim Allen is not the voice of Buzz.
Omg
be pretty cool if they had the really tall villain guy too what was his name
2015 animated character realism art be like:
So does this mean we're seeing EMPEROR ZURG ?
The beloved franchise was destroyed with 4... Pixar took a massive dump on anyone who grew up with these characters. This is just salt in the wounds.
1:18 Not today Zerg!!
Wait he's not voiced by Tim allen
Where is tim allen
this is gonna be epic
He got real
Let’s all take a moment and thank Pixar leaving the comment turned on.
2001 kids need this
0:33 the Pixar logo
Mkay, but I didn't see Mira, Booster or XR anywhere in there...
Finally a good Disney animation???
I guess there'll be an explanation to where the toy in Toy Story came from now
This is just what andy imagined what buzz’s backstory is
Did I just watch a trailer for the interstellar sequel? That went way harder then I would expect a movie about the back story of a toy that’s alive to go! XD
Disney Pixar "Round Up" Robert Downey Jr - Woody Cobie Smulders - Jessie Kelsey Grammar - Prospector Pete  Frank Welker - Bullseye noises  Coming 2023
Ah, yes the obligatory "Take classic song and make it echoey and slow, with an orchestra in the background, to make it look like a dumb blockbuster that takes itself too seriously" approach
To infinity and summer 2022
1:28 "Avengers a"
1:21 Jonah Hill
Yo pensaba que era calvo
Just a toy story kid passing through, I'm 36 now guys. Lol 😆
this trailer goes hard feel free to screenshot
Song?
Can’t wait to see Zurg in this movie
This goes hard feel free to screenshot
thanks for letting us know there will be black characters. I was worried and needed to know IMMEDIATELY.
this makes no sense
If it Ain't Tim Allen, it ain't Buzz. I'm boycotting.
i’ve been waiting for official buzz lightyear lore for the longest time
Cool!!!!
I need that armor in doom
"buzz look an alien! :D"
Now we need a Woody Tv show
And then XR shows up and quips.
In my child hood day Buzz is my Hero ❤️❤️❤️❤️.
Semi wanted buzz to be a slightly less metal space marine but hey.
Ok ? 😕
YEARS OF ACADEMY TRAINING WASTED
Will Woody make an appearance?😂
I just have to say it  "To infinity AND BEYOND!!!"
Wish they had done this type of film with original IP. ☹️
Buzzlightskin memes inbound
The possibility that children will want a buzz lightyear toy because of this move has my mind twisted into a pretzel.
This brings back some good memories ! Cant wait to see it 🥳
Hi
So they're not toys anymore?  Or Pixar has a shortage of original ideas
Finally, now we know how buzz became a toy
DOOM GUY: RETHINKING
"To infinity. And... IHOP, for some delicious pancakes!" 🥞🤤
Woody: “Hey guys look it’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear.” Buzz: Exactly.
🤩🤩🤩
It is not pg 13 cmon it is buzz how can it be pg 13
Zurg?
I hate this.
Chris can stick to Captain America!!! not the same without Tim Allen!!
After Steve these companies(Apple & Pixar) are starving for a clear Creative Vision.  That's why they are cashing on their old ideas, Pixar buzz ->lightyear. Apple -> back to flat edges, making a too costly headphone, not giving charger, alot many blunders they have done.
This better be in IMAX or there will be problems
This goes hard. Mind if I screenshot?
Woody: HEY GUYS LOOK! Its the real buzz lightyear! XD Buzz lightyear 2022: thats true Woody: 😳😳😳
He became big?
Now I want a pixar western with REAL woody as the protagonist.
This will be AMAZING
I like how realistic but still stylized their animation has become.
So dramatic for a children’s film
why?
Finally, a real mission over these years
Pixar finally found out how ray tracing works
Just gotta have a black female somewhere in the movie....Disney = SJW
I just hope they dont tie it in too much to Toy Story and that this can stand as its own thing.
can't believe Tim Allen is not doing the voice for buzz 😭😡😡😡
Hope we get a Toy Story reanimated
Real footage on area 51
This movie to to lonely for some reason compared to all my child hood movies
I can’t believe they’re replacing Tim Allen as Buzz.  It doesn’t get any more disrespectful than that.
... Why is this necessary?
😍😍😍
The ship is launched by a magnetic railgun. I assume the fuel cell used is for crystallic fusion. All the tech looks like it won't be too far off from now, as in at least the next 50 years.
At last, a childhood dream is nearing closer🥺🥺🥺. I don't care how old I am now, this is going to be the first Pixar Movie I'll ever gonna watch in the Cinema as an adult.
Tom cruise as buzz lightyear
So Buzz has got hair? 😲
I’m punching all the little kids in the face if they get in my way. They don’t know how long us 90s babies have been waiting on this !!
"To infinity and beyond!"
Wow Buzzs dream actually came true :0
Okay “Mr. Lightbeer”
Legit looks like Chris Evans
cant waittt
*"POWERED BY NVIDIA RTX ®"*
One of the best songs by David Bowie
They should make Woody's side story movie also
Release The Music
That ain’t no Tim Allen 😒
Why is there 2 songs playing? LOL
Buzz Lightyear with RTX on
I have the feeling that in the movie there will be a sussy impostor among them
This is the background memory of every buzz light year toy from the moment they are put on store shelves
If y'all are wondering "Does that mean we'll get Woody's backstory too?" Probably not, because in the second Toy Story, they kinda gave us an idea of what Woody's character was designed to be; he's the MC, we have enough information from the movies.
Esta sera la razón por que los niños les gusta tanto este personaje y andy y sus amigos se sorprenden cuando le compran uno por su cumpleaños?
Glory to ZEON! and the reskined z'goks except that random red one. All hype for that colony drop.
Im sorry but when I see buzzlightyear with his hair , he look like Chris Pratt
Hey where’s emperor Zurg?
Theme song kinda sounds like wall e I hope he goes on another time travel journey at the end and ends up in the old west
They didnt let Buzz finish the line at the very end cause now people want to watch the movie only cause of that finish
like me like me😉
Beyond.
Probably it’s Andy’s imagination…
Че это Незнайка в солнечном городе
Finally, after 26 years later, we see Buzz Lightyear's hair.
You know what every famous Hollywood franchise need? A black female version of the protagonist. The rest is just bonus.
This pic goes hard feel free to screenshot it
With the power of David Bowie space oddity. Buzz transcends the world of toys.
Your a child's PLAY THING!  ~Woody
Love the Martian music
Only for you ❤️light
Buzz too white, make everyone else black, because that's reality, ummmm!
Gnna be the highest rated animation movie mark my words
I'm not a toy story fan and this looks really good.
LES GOOOOO
look, it's the real buzz lightyear *[buzz laughs in lightyear]*
Watch there be the inevitable bad licensed video game adaptation with a horrible camera, soundalike voice actors and repetitive gameplay.
Epic!  PIXAR Movie in 2022
I'm loosing it
If Thomas Eje does not voice the Danish version, I will be sad.
I love buzz lightyear!
Every people in the background are black... lol... I get you Disney, i get you...
please don't go woke and ruin my childhood hero, thanks.
Oh my god this is such a cool idea for a movie
Funny how Disney doesn't portray a white male in the suit before his black female copilot. Inclusivity and beyond!
Was actually expecting a teaser Tim Allen’s Buzz reacting to the news of Lightyear positively, Mr. Pricklepants negatively commenting on Hollywood bringing back old properties to make a quick buck and than the toys sees clips of the newly released trailer and Pricklepants goes “well…that looks good”
1:20 no freacking way
Woody :Buzz, look an alien!  Buzz:(looks at"alien" and thinks it's disguised as a cat) Also buzz:  1:07  Woody: *laughs*
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
Not in the cartoon universe and looks nothing like the toy designs. Is this what the buzz toy is supposed to be based off in universe? This looks like a random animated astronaut alien movie with a buzz light-year skin on the main character. It's not even Tim Allen. What's the point?
Closest thing we’ll get to a toy story 4 sequel
🥺
Say it! Say it,... Out loud,... say it Chris: To infinity and beyond
YOU. ARE. A. TOY.
i meann cool but like we need the whole gang espically WOODY i mean HELLO
Rtx on be like:
somebody said Buzz looks like he turns off his body camera..
I am Buzz Lightyear, Space Ranger, universe protection unit!
Zurg better be the main villain!
Tom Cruise?
ЖДЕМ! НАКОНЕЦ ГОДНОТА БЕЗ ФЕНТЕЗИ
They don't do much talking
Clicking on this video thinking it is some new kids movie. Everything looks cool until 1:20 when my mind explodes.
I wanna see Mira Nova again but I guess she won't be in here.
Imagine Buzz Lightyear not finishing his most famous and arguably most iconic quote in PIXAR history.
Wondering if this means a real woody movie is planned
Chris Evans at it again with the not completing catch phrases and blacking out
The song playing while watching the video is weirdly nostalgic for me fsr
Woody: “Hey guys look it’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear.” Buzz: Exactly.
Fuh...ni serupa dengan ejen bakar kalau tambah rambut kerinting dengan topi ni 🤣🤣
Whoa
To infinity and further out
does anybody notice that the spaceship launch sequence looks a lot like the spaceship launching in halo reach
BUZZ…YOU ARE A TOY
Woody: YOU ARE A TOY! Buzz: Hold my beer. 🍺
plot twist: this is actually a movie in the toy story universe.
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya *Kau adalah mainan!!!
Definitely watching
버즈, 진짜 우주가는구나🌃🚀🛸🪐 예고편 보니 가슴이 벅차네요♥
Almost like a star wars feel to this....I thought Zurg was going to come out of a gas chamber like Darth Vader and say "Buzz I am your father"....
i always thought he was bald , guess i was wrong
So for the toy to exist must mean this story pre-dates 'toy story'.. No Doubt they will do a George Lucas on the first movie and re release it to make it fit the animation and narrative over the years. And to stop woody from looking like the bad guy it will be edited to look like buzz shoved woody first and the ray guns will be replaced with walkie talkies
why? You're Pixar... it's cute, but guys... think of something.
Disney movies started to get meh the more they make
To infinite nostalgia & beyond...
Any malayalees here? 🥰🤩
Wait so is this a "movie" from the Toy Story universe that inspired the toy? Or is this the real life story of Buzz Lightyear? But I am confused with the time, seems to me that Lightyear is set in the far future so how would it inspire a toy that was sold in the 90s when Andy was still a kid?!
what  what
Omg! I am so excited
1:27 ...BEYOND!!!! 😭😭😭
The background score is lit 🔥🔥🔥
el que quiere saber la cancion  de fondo sellama Starman de David Bowie
So, they made a movie, about a movie, that was in a movie.
Pixar: we’re gonna make a movie about the lore behind the Buzz Ligthyear toy of toy story, that that’s beautiful, gives Wall-e vives, and is uncannon to the Toy Story’s 4 movies  Fans: why  Pixar: seems cool
Ayo the new star wars movie looking kinda animated.
Tu e mano
To infinity and Beyond🚀
Years of academy training NOT wasted
Why change the voice of Buzz from Tim Allen to Chris Evans?
Beyond
Also, who was singing in the background??? Was that David Bowie???
Buzz Lightyear.... 😍
I am genuinely excited for this movie, more excited then I was for the new Star Wars
Years of Academy Training, Wasted!!!!
This is just great!!!
Beyond!
I think this buzz lightyear is a real person in fact he is a real hero thats why Andy buys him.
Good for,you pixar
where is Zorg! 😁
I'm interested in how they're involving physics and math into the movie, seeing the robots time dilation explanation to Buzz at 1:08.
what.
No
I just can't believe they didn't includ Zurg in this...
chad lightyear
Looks like military propaganda for children. I'm good on that
Okay then
Keep it
Kool trailer, also I like bread :P
Up and beyond
This is a good trailer not a teaser at all
Doom eternal on max
This trailers gave me Christopher Nolan’s Interstellar vibe.
I thought they’re just a toy. Why are they in human size?
Wow the nostalgia!
Milking continues
They changed the voice actor.  I feel bad for Tim Allen, he was willing to do it, but Disney chose Chris Evans over him.  :/
We've officially ran out of ideas for new movies
This is the best pixar movie already I've rewatched this so many times :)
IT LOOKS SO GOOD!!!!
Never imagined it
Woody: you're a toy Buzz: reverse card, you are a toy!
Bud Lite Beer to the rescue!
Thought he was just going to fly into the sun in the _lightyear_ (hehe pun) jump
…And beyond ❤️
Disney: Golden globe  Pixar: Nope, Oscar it will be.
Wow super hornet update
This looks amazing
My lord that is going to be amazing...
That was the best teaser trailer I have ever seen well done. Not to mention that ending that was amazing. Pixar knows how to do it
Can't deny this moment,truly a perfect film to watch!
So when we gonna get a show about woody in the wild west👀
Isn’t Buzz supposed to be a crime fighting space ranger. They made him look more like an astronaut.
Thank you Mick Ronson @ 1:23
So....are we getting Pride woodys Origin story?
0:55 “Cortana all I need to know, is did we loose them?”
Doom vibes everyehere
Почему там корабль был из Титан после гибели земли ?
This could also been a movie about lightning McQueena tires
And? AND?!
Unpopular opinion: This trailer has a bunch of likes because of Toy Story nostalgia but the actual movie will be underwhelming because Buzz Lightyear only worked as a parody of sci-fi clichés, not serious sci-fi.
Year by year.. The cartoon be so realistic. Cannot wait to watch this pixar cartoon movie with my family & friends I swear I'm so obsessed with the graphic✨
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR HAS HAIR?!?!?!?
Nany!?
Oh god his face no-
Woody also deserves a solo movie, which contains the whole "Woody's Roundup" series from Toy Story 2!!!  ❤❤❤❤❤❤
everyone liked that
What a great trailer, how exciting, and there’s the stronk diverse female space ranger... I hope they don’t make him incompetent to prop her up... please be a classic Pixar movie with just good characters.
Who else was thinking about a time travelling klingon ship?
And delirious
Who wants to bet this film is going to be woke as hell
beep boop, beep boop, beep boop
Super excited for this
This is gorgeous, I really hope it lives up to its predecessors.
"To infinity and..." just makes me wanna cry. All the childhood memories keep popping out! :'D
Buzz looks like one of those "this pic goes hard feel free to screenshot" pics
Thank you Pixar for making this movie. We now get to see the same buzz lightyear Andy watched.
The film…  That literally no one asked for.
Got excited, loved the visuals and feel and kept waiting to hear Tim Allens voice but nope. I am automatically concerned now about how this film is going to turn out based on Disneys track record lately. I wish Pixar could have stayed on their own, they truly do have talented people there.
Woody: "You're a TOY" Buzz: Yes but actually No
So is this the movie that inspired the production of the buzz light year toy all within the toy story universe?
What was wrong with the original buzz light year’s voice actor? If it works, why change it??? Chris Evans does NOT fit his role at all. He’s just Captain America.
to infinity and beyond...
good trailer bu too many black pepole
The phrase "infinity and Beyond" has been on my mind for years
Alright I’m hyped let’s goooooo
Plot Twist : this is how buzz remember things when he is still in packaging. At the end, he will be put to sleep after his mission took majority of his friends, just to wake up in Andy's room and realizing he is just a plastic doll.
So this is how they copied Star Wars...😂😂👽
So different
Ive stopped watching cartoons and animations 5 years ago (when i was 15) but i see this important. Going to watch it bois
And.....                   I can do this all day.
I guess he ain’t a toy anymore
You seee the hat? I am Misses Nesbit
I hope this was not Bonnie's imagination
Nice see Chris Evans back on the big screen
1:28
I'm BUZZED for this movie
now *THIS* is a trailer
Seperti mati lampu, ya sayang
OMG AFTER THIS YEAR THIS IS WHT AT WE NEED THANK YOU PIXAR
Once upon a time Pixar said it would never make sequels or spinoffs to its movies. Cut forward to many years of the brand being exploited by Disney...
Buzz be looking rather dapper though
Shuddup and take my money
Childhood evening cartoon..Anant se v Ageeeeyyy............🚀
I think going with a younger voice actor here was a good choice, regardless of the reason why they actually did it. If this is a prequel (Buzz does look young here), he shouldn't sound like a 70 year old man.
I am impressed I was waiting this for over 20 years !!!
Wait a minute... TEASER!? Is this for real? This is for real!!! This looks off the chain 🤯
Got to say, I'm quite excited for this!
at least we all ready know that zurg is buzz father
They copied Halo Reach Launch "Long Night of Solace"
Buzz Lightyear
seeing buzz lightyear in a uniform just looks very bizarre to me.
Pixar: We are not gonna make sequels anymore…  Also Pixar: cus we have spin off and origin stories
For some reason the song is giving me call of duty infinite warfare vibes
Not gonna lie this looks pretty good
The Martian
Coming Back Disney Pixar's Movies 🤩❤
Wait WATH????
perfect song choice
Buzz RTX ON
Buzz Lightyear has such a prominent chin!
AND BEYOND!
What happens if you put star wars toy story and marvel in one film
Now everybody watching this is gonna become a child fan of buzz lightyear from toy story (s)
What, is Tim Allen too old? Or Disney still mad about him dissing ABC?
All we need is tim Allen now for this
Big fan of Buzzzzzzzz really excited
Why not use tim allen voice ....stupid decision by disney yet again!!! Thats ok we will dub tims voice over it anyways the beauty of technology when disney makes bad choices!!! I get it its not based on toy but wouldn't be even better if the real buzz used his voice for the toy recording wow not hard at all. Space rangers!!!
Buzz looks good in this upcoming film ❤️
I don’t care if this is a kid’s films. They must have adults only showings with no babies or toddlers around as Millennials relive our childhood!
This may be too old for anyone but does his starfighter look seriously close to the one Buck Rogers flies?
I WROTE HALF OF THEM!!!
Tim Allen > Chris Evans
I was thinking why he looks like Buzz Lightyear
Omg why does buzz look like that?
I’m curious to see if zurg will have a part in the movie
BEYOND!
Why does the "real" Buzz Lightyear look like Joe Swanson from Family Guy? XD
Waiting for the laser beam
How sad would it be to think your whole life was this great significant event to find out later that it was all an illusion and you’re actually a toy.
Ngl , buzz actually looks rly great. It's just that the latex rubber suit he wears to keep-in his hair makes him weird
“To infinity and beyond”
A new version of Buzz Lightyear! Yup, I'm officially old. 😫
I just shouted in shock and excitement I honestly didn’t expect that noise to come out of me
I miss Bowie
not me thinking this was a fanmade trailer at first... cant wait!!!
People out here saying "glow up" when they just replaced Tim Allen because of his political views.
This makes no sense who is the tech so advanced there when buzz light years was made in the near 80’s /90’s Like someone explain pls
cool
Hope to hear a full playlist of David Bowie space song in this film ⚡🎸
So was Buzz telling the truth the whole time??
DEMACIAAAA
Other guy: To the Infinity Buzz: and End Game!
why is buzz real boy now
Animation reminds me of Star Wars Rebels.
YOU. ARE. A. TOYYYYYYY!!!
CHILLSS
There a starrr mannnnn
IKt would be quite funny yet disturbing if the movie ends with him accidentally travveling into the ToyStory universe and getting trapped there.
I am the like button to petition for a Woody Backstory.
Halo reach vibes
The animation looks amazing
To infinity, and beyond!
Why does this remind me of Armagedon
Toy story 1 but told from Buzz perspective
We actually got to see Buzz's hair. My life is finally complete.
Am I the only one wondering  if Zurg will be in this film?
Tranlsation *WE HAVE NO NEW IDEAS SO LET'S MAKE AN ORIGIN STORY FOR EVERYONE* Cue the sappy story with a multiracial cast of characters and the rights to use a popular song (Starman). Just STOP. STOP IT. Do something ORIGINAL, like the first Toy Story!
Lightyear Teaser Trailer was Out and it is in post production. Only in Theaters June 17, 2022.
0:47     hits hard 💟 Love from india
I thought he was just a toy 😂
Whoaaaa it legit lools awesome
This was Trending #1 for two days straight. That's how hype this is.
Wait I'm confused how is this connected to toy story?
the true infinity is beyond the stars
Starman makes this teaser ten times better.
My hero, you're back.
Ngl, it's so cool
Chris evans is known for not completing phrases
This is amazing ...
I bet this guy is a middle child
Considering the technology in Toy Story universe is actually this advanced (even before Andy was born), I wouldn't be surprised if the reason why Toys are sentient is because someone secretly made them that way.
Esa música!!! 👏🏼
Okay but Buzz kinda fine tho-
The worst in this is that it actually looks cool
BEYOND!
ok but heres a question, is this a fictional movie in the toy story universe? Like something Andy use to watch? It would make a bit if sense since they made toys of Buzz.
Buzz rejected his toy form and traits.
Pixar, you sold me
Tbh last Pixar film I saw was "Finding Dory" and the last Disney movie I saw was "Incredibles 2" So this is going to be a new world of visuals for me!
Rtx on
This looks promising hopefully it lives up to expectations.
Disney: "How much more can we milk this franchise...."
0:37 Interesting reference to recent MacBook event from Apple.
Me after watching this:   YOU. ARE. A. *TOOOYYYYYY*
Buzz become grow man 😐
Music is the soul...
To infinity and your mom To insanity and a blonde To immunity and respond...?
I’m 24 years old would I be too old to see this?
Yo this actually looks awesome
To infinity and  ... Assemble !
JUST A RANDOM GIRL LOST IN COMMENT SECTION...
Anyone else remember that old Buzz Light year cartoon? Well here we come nostalgia.
"This trailer goes so hard, feel free to share it"
Disney took Toy story and made it in to Star Wars... LOVE IT
cuz been had that durag for years.
Plot twist that guy its Andy in the fiture
Buzz?
Good movie ! So when is the live action remake ?
"Woody's Roundup" Next Pixar Movie
WoW just WoW and you add and Bowie - Starman in it tears everywhere from joy and happiness
cant believe it was 26 years ago I knew Buzz for the first time!
Beyond!!
Loving the music
This goes hard
The film is not yet rated; how can we know this movie won't be rated NC17?!?
AHJAKAKAKAKKALALA
If there's a realistic buzz 🤔 There's a realistic Zurg 😲
Ya ni saben de qué hacer pelis
Light year 2 he fights zurg 🤯🤯
1:27 *RTX on* Buzz lightyear
This is what remakes should be. Taking old beloved characters and adding something new
This isn't Warhammer 40k.
WOOHOO
Wonder if he goes to Toy land and becomes a toy
Okay but how will this fit into the Pixar theory 😩
Bro this will be the best movie of 2022
cant wait
Wooow, wonder if they ill tie it in with earth somehow and how his Plush toy was related to him
...and beyond
Ah Yes
Oh man, I remember watching the cartoon as a kid, this gut punches me right in the nostalgia centre.
Light year aheadddddd 🔥🔥🔥🔥
0:12 - The Crystalic Fusion?
Sorry daddy , sorry daddy sorry
Julio Cesar is finally getting his own movie! Only those who knows, knows ;) ⚽️🥅
Me getting Halo vibes
Lightyear looks like a realistic Joe Swanson
Did I see Wall-E    >___<
Hola Peter
Do Woody the cowboy next! would make a great story if he could talk to forest critters.
" YOU'RE JUST A TOY!  "
This feels Deep...Feel free to screenshot
It will be woke
My god, YES
Buzz Lightyear💜💜
Omg. Please say I’m not dreaming .
Gross.
Belive me or not, Each and every Disney World is interconnected...
Plot Twist: he was returning the stones
Hey Guys look, It's the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
They better put some other David Bowie songs in this movie like Life on Mars? and Space Oddity
This isn’t buzz lightyear  This is *B U Z Z  L I G H T Y E A R*
So does this tie in with the movie "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command the Adventure Begins"????? But Buzz was a toy though
Space is the hottest thing right now, considering that captain James Tiberius Kirk recently got into real space. The timing on this movie could not be more perfect.
I’m bricked up
Why are people so upset with this movie? Dude this looks awesome.
So predictable, Just had to throw in that black girl in the end 🤦‍♂️
01:13 wibu wibu wibu wibu  :v
I'm calling it now, everyone is going to absolutely thirst over Zurg
To us who remembers the malfunctioning Buzz lightyear 🤣🤣🤣 To infinity and even further... To infinity and more infinity... To infinity and back again... To infinity and so on...
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR 4K ULTRA HD!1!1!1!
Ah buzz lightyear
waiting for woody's backstory.... and then it happens new multiverse for disney just like that
Wait.... they didn't use Tim Allen?!
Bro i-
lets hope pixar dont make him lgtb character
bro...💀
And to think that this story will cause an existential crisis to a doll.
I really hope this jump starts the "buzz lightyear of star command" TV show. I'd get disney plus for that
I have watched toy story religiously since I was a baby and go to Disneyland every few years with family and specifically go get my pictures with the toy story characters so to tell you I’m frothing at the mouth with excitement is an understatement
they turned Buzz into the guy she tells you not to worry about
Wouldnt it be funny if the whole movie is basically just children playing with buzz lightyear toys
It feels like I have waited so long for this but I never thought of it
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! THE WORLD'S GREATEST HERO, NOW THE WORLD'S GREATEST TOY
You're gonna carry that weight space cowboy...
If the toy is based on this real person. Did he timetravel back? Since clearly this is to advanced to be in the same time like the Toy Story movies
"To infinity and even further"  To us who remembers this line from the animation 😅😅😅
Me: YOU ARE A TOY
Beyond
1:05  SC2:HOTS   the viking
1:23" That spaceship flying through the LIGHTYEAR is cool.
I need to see this
Weren't the main characteristics about him that the plane wings were build into his suit rather than him having a spaceship?
... And beyond
Live long and Prosper to Infinity & beyond
It don’t look right to me
What a animated CGI solo movie on my favourite Disney character 😎 it's awesome 😍 now I'm feeling male vibe from Disney after the hercules I can't wait to watch this masterpiece see soon mr Buzz lightyear❤️
Disney seriously running out of ideas
Nexflix adaptación 😂
Why isn't Tim Allen voicing Buzz?  Makes no sense...
I swear is there isn’t a Zerg reference
HOLY MOLY
Space Force finally released their recruitment advert.
Ahh so this is what nostalgia-blindness feels like
They really bout to pull the amazing spider 2 ending where they are about to say it and it cuts to balck i just know it
When will he meet Woody? 🤣 imagine this was aligned to Toy's story
This looks really cool. Cannot wait to see the movie.
Omg im cry
That's why i love Disney they whay we want to see
This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Thunderbirds vibes
1:09 i thought that was wall-e at first glance
I'll take this spin-off any day. Pixar should stop  making subpar sequels.
.......where is Tim Allen? Was he cancelled because he's a conservative? Sorry, but the story behind this movie smells fishy already...
Now its just To infinity and.
This looks so cool.
I think they are doing the bacstory of every toy in Toy Story
I just expect some among us references Sorry 4 bad english
I hope Zurg is voiced by the same guy who's role is Red Skull. 😇😇😇
i beg of you disney. please make this R-rated.
This is gonna make that moment in toy story when buzz realises his whole back story didn't actually happen hit a lot harder😢
coooollll
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀#Buzz 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🤭🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
As a 32 years old dude who grew up with toy story movies, seing this "real"  Buzz + Interstellar vibes and this epic music...the chills !
If we combine this movie with the Woody's roundup series, we basically have cowboys and aliens
Just the music... beautiful!
This has gotta be the best animation in a disney movie
Fr?
I hope they have Emperor Zurg
“I told you I wasn’t a toy”
This pic hits so hard, feel free to screenshot
No Tim Allen? Lame.
BEYOND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can’t wait
吹き替えは所ジョージさんでお願いします
Buzz
Doom guy
Why am I so excited to see it
Should be called real story
Some references to Star Wars? Well played!
Will Wall-E make an appearance?
Well, this is looking like it's going to be really good.
Tu é ?
It seems that this time Lightyear will overshadow Turning Red
Genuinely excited
No buzz i m your father
Woody : “YOU’RE A TOY” Buzz : laughs as an actual astronaut
I still can’t believe this is a real movie that is going to released by one the the leading animation companies in the world.
Where’s WOODY’s back story ? 🥴😭
I was talking to my daughter the other day on the topic of animated films, and that we hadn`t seen a decent one for years, yet at one time, good animated films were released on a regular basis, WALL.E, Kung Fu Panda, Bolt (2008) Coraline, Up, Fantastic Mr.Fox, Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs (2009) to name a few. These were all trips to the cinema for me and the kids. This movie when it`s released will be the first in a long time.
Wait he is a Human before he become a Toy??😐 Srry i still don't know the exaclty thing...
Boi this is gonna be good
He looks HOT
Better than some action movies lately lol
Let's go Plus Ult.... Sorry Infinity and Beyond!
Omg I want to seee it 😩😩😩
So this will be at another universe, right? Coz if it didn't, then my entire childhood memories of toy story being set at some downtown suburb is a lie.
Buzz lightyear origin story
To the next level
Ok this looks like a space movie I’d actually like, I can’t wait to see it! Also, there’s a cat so I’m definitely gonna watch it
POV: It's the new version of starwars at 0.36
But, can he fly????
This reminds me of buzlightyear the space man toy from woody movie
And Beyond yoooohooooooo......!
Бесконечность не предел! - Infinity is not the limit!
We all knew buzz was the favourite he gets his own show and makeover it's not fair bro
This trailer is more like Star Wars than Star Wars itself
Babe Wake Up! Buzz Lightyear Lore Just Dropped 😱
ขอชื่อเพลงประกอบ
This... Is... Beautiful... Like the stars...
Is it just me or does this seem like a slight departure from Pixar's usual animation style? Seems maybe a bit more WALL-E like, or something
Why is Starman in every space movie?
0:44 he would've melted
I know that in a world where toys are alive it's strange I'm hooked on this, but if this is a pre-sequel and toy story set in the 90s allegedly then how is this technology is possible? Or maybe it is a tv show or movie in the toy story universe and that's how.
*if a movie about talking toys was directed by michael bay*
how have i not seen this!
Finally found what has been inspiring all those new meme templates. Can't wait for it to come out.
Its only fair to have a woody's roundup movie
This is what the Roaring 20s looks like. Watchout for Bitcoin and Elon Musk. There's going to be extreme euphoria next year.
Buzz is looking like Marcus Luttrell
my favorite character, can't wait for 2022
Okay, Disney. You have my attention for this one.
Who remembers the Disney cartoon buzz light year show
nice💘
I'm looking forward to this. TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
warning; This story is not about Buzz, but the astronaut who inspired the toy (Just like Woody and Jessies were toys from a old tv series in Toy Story 2)
It's like the sonic movie , Buzz needs the classic face 🦘
Where is buzz?
Hey pixar. Can you change your profile picture to the iconic "Lamp"? Nothing wrong with current profile pic. Just asking. It would be hilarious if u change them 😂😂
I noticed it looked alot more mature, guys I think they are making it movie for the Generation of young adults and Hugh school students who were raised on toy story
Amazing how the movies in toys story's world are better looking than their reality
I'm so waiting for this
flies into kid's room
Its about time huh
Here is my canadian two cents.    1. Buzz will sacrifice himself therefore becoming a martyr.   2. In Honour of him, a toy is made.  3.  Buzz is not from the Earth and at the very least not future earth.  The planet in the trailer has a distinctive green glow.  Also, there's no moonshot.   This tells me, he is from another planet.    Theres a possibility at the end of the show, he ends up either in (a) Past Earth - wildwest where he meets woody   (b) Arrives at Earth, during the Wild West Era !
David Bowie🥰
Pixar: releases Lightyear trailer* Woody: "Strangeeee things are happening to mee."
If this is a spin-off made by Disney, shouldn't it have a sub-title?  LIGHTYEAR A Toy Story Story
The best of the best, goodbye frozen
It would be perfect if Tim Allen was voicing him but I’m sure it’ll still be great I hope emperor Zurg is in this and hopefully a few toy story lines
Woddy : Buzz lighter is Human O_o
I thought his backstory was that he was manufactured in china
The thumbnail goes hard, feel free to screenshot
it's weird to see buzz but not quite buzz.. is he buzz?
Can't wait! This movie it what we never thought we needed!
drink Bud light beer with Buzz Lightyear
J'espère qu'il y aura les petits aliens 😁
Has a Star Wars/Blade Runner type feel to it
Buzz, you’re a toy. you can’t fly.
I just hope interest in this film revives interest in the “Buzz Lightyear of Star Command” animated series… That show was great!   I’m still bummed it ain’t on Disney + from what I’ve heard
So, will this be like a prequel to the old Buzz Lightyear cartoon?
Buzz Light year of star command tho...
Finally my favourite character  Gonna have his own movie!!!
Mark my words, this will be the most memed Pixar movie of all time.
What's up with Chris Evans and having characters that get cut off when saying their catchphrase
Wow! makes me wanna *ride* buzz-buzz to *infinity* *and* *beyond* aha—
My God this looks amazing.
I thought this was rumors but I can't wait to see it
So im glad i grew up with this Toy story And not this:
I wish it was still Tim Allen, stupid woke culture
I'm hoping the ending credits scene is inside a movie theater and the camera pans down to a little boy, revealed to be Andy, and his eyes go wide.
There is soooo much references and easter eggs in this trailer !
Finally I can see buzz without his suit ;)
Since when?
Bruce Campbell called. He wants his face back.
Kerbal Buzz Program
Buzz lightyear (RTX EDITION)
Hopefully zurg is the main villain
I've seen animated series Buzz Lightyear of Star Command. Buzz was never shown without his blue cap helmet until now.
Realize trailer in telugu language
Wait, where’s lord Zorg?!
To Infinity.. and.. Summer 2022
How Pixar still doesn't have 10M subs?
Chris evans had better be dressed in a purple suit during the premiere of the movie
I hope every toy story character has a back story! It would be very epic
This was my childhood dream
Can this please switch release dates with No Way Home? Before anyone complains and says Tobey was their childhood, I had a childhood too, and Buzz defined it.
Hes 12? Zamn😍
Yes😀Movie Player & Consoles (PS4 PS5 XBOX ONE)
Was kind of expecting a voice over from the real astronaut, Buzz Aldrin for some odd reason.
0:44 chills everytime
This looks good but is it better than ex arm.
Is this buzz buzz or just a buzz
Didnt we already have a Backstory for Buzz? Like Zurg brainwashed his partner and he recuirted a robot and janitor and female cool ranger to help save the little green men? wasnt that a thing? but cant wait for this also!
Idk why but this scares me
Thumbnail goes hard.
NASA members's voices too? :)
to infinity and  behind
Buzz Lightyear deserved a 'serious' introductory movie. This is it. Thank you Disney. :3
Hmm I thought someone with too much time on their hands made the 3D buzz as a meme  Turns out it's from an official pixar trailer
I have a feeling that this is gonna get cancelled
I'm glad that Pixar is taking a Sci-Fi approach again.
Isn't that guy from ToyStory?
Ok. BUT what do you think of my beats ?
I WANT TO SEE ZURG
Wait what?
sale numbers for toys dropped huh... ?
무한한 공간... 저 너머로!!
So this is this African "it" at the end now its new companion? I did not understand! And where is that green waifu from the animated series!
To be honest I'm kind of sad it isn't the OG lightyear but the more realistic one is kinda cool
Years of training, academy... wasted!
For some reason, I feel sad watching this I don't know if it's from the last ones ending or what, but either way I really enjoy this!
What a great movie I Know this is going to be a Great movie even just only a Trailer I can't wait to watch it
Finally i see buzz not use astronout costume
0:57 buzz about to get trained by yoda
Does the "There's a Staaaaaaaaaar maaaan" song in the bg kinda sound like "Somewheeeerreeee over the rainboooow" to anyone else?
Wow! I'm so excited to see how and where this movie can go :) I see a lot of potential, so I'm really excited to see how it looks in the full movie!
FACE~TO~FACE with JESUS...   As I go into prayer and seek my King -Jesus, the fellowship is so awesome and intense, that when I come out of it, I’ve realized it’s been at least 10 hours, sometimes more, of Him pouring His love over me and then me pouring my Love on Him... So intense is it, that it knocks me out to sleep after a whole day’s prayer of INTIMACY... I have to get a good days rest just to wake up and Love Him again... For I love Him “with all my STRENGTH” and every bit of it is used just to wake up again to Love Him... I arise morning by morning to start this process all over again just to Love Him and spend time with Him all day... THIS IS LIFE TO ME...!!! And it is the secret behind this great ministry given to me.. IT’S THE FELLOWSHIP!”   ~David E. Taylor~
“The problem is,   why are the leaders of today not looking for MORE? WHY are these guys settling for less than what we are called to be? We are supposed to MANIFEST the same POWERS that the fathers of old did!!! We are suppose to do greater!! The New Testament is founded upon GREATER promises!” ~David E. Taylor~
“Being humble does not mean that you are depressed, but that you are humbling yourself for the sake of others. You reduce yourself from your original position just to bless somebody else. That’s not easy, when the flesh is full of pride, because pride desires promotion, to be seen, and to show off. Humility is the opposite. Humility teaches you to voluntarily abase yourself.” ~David E. Taylor~  “...he that shall humble himself shall be exalted” (Matthew 23:12)
When Buzz doesn't have an existential crisis about being a toy.
You should stand on God's word! ✊👂   Your enemy will only attack you with thoughts, he will only attack you with words.  And if you don't know God's words to combat his words, he will sink you down to an abyss. he will get you depressed, shifting your mindset about what God has already said. ~David E Taylor
Howwwwwwwwww....... ...😲
This is disgusting
Why is chris evan playing buzz lightyear tho?
Nice 😇👍 10/10
The ‘Buzz’ Chris Evans is playing becomes Zurg. Calling it now.
This is the real buzz lightyear people...not a toy😂😂
hi
To Infinity and Beyond!
AMONG US IN REAL LIFE
AMONG US IN REAL LIFE
AMONG US IN REAL LIFE
Chuck Yeager.
WOW 🥺 yet another money making movie lol 🤣🤣 doesn't bother me though coz I absolutely love 😘 animated movie's 💙😍🇬🇧
Woody: Buzz look theres a n..
This is probably one of the best things to ever come out in my lifetime probably a keystone event in my life. Toy story was life for me 18 years ago
❤️😭
0:51 Doom guy is that you?
Pov:Buzz light year pas belom di kutuk jd mainan wahyu
And this animation is at the next level
Loved one
Ngl im really hyped for this movie
That one scene: hey can I copy your homework? Halo: yea just make it a little bit deifferent
Yeah its real buzz
THE BACK STORY OF BUZZ LIGHTYEAR  WHAT A COMEBACK PIXAR GT "Good Trailer"
Oh hell yeah! Is this the beginnings of the Pixar Universe?
I miss my childhood
To affinity and... What WHAT?!?! why would you leave us on such a cliff hanger.
I hope they make a trilogy out of this.
Beyond
So is the toy "buzz lightyear" based on this astronaut or is this the story of a boy who group up to be an astronaught becuase he grew up loving buzz light year?
This trailer goes hard, feel free to screen record
I actually kind of like that this is how they continue the toy story franchise without actually having to show the other characters and shows an Origen. But wasn’t the whole premise of toy story to show that buzz light year didn’t know he was a toy at first?
Pixars version of What if..
Buzz kinda look like tom cruise
WHAAAAAAAAAATTT
Well if we’re getting this we need a show for Woodys Round Up.
This has a better animation than What If
Finally we can see the Fresh man as a human BUZZZ LIGHTYEAR
...beyond
I got goosebumps watching this! It’s gonna be so good
CAN'T WAIT AGH
Guess I have to wait till 2022.
Zerg better be in this
best movie + best music :D
Best idea and the dream every child has ..” make toys living real”
So I’m guessing this is supposed to be the character that the toy of buzz is based on? My only question is why didn’t they use my man Tim Allen?
buzz lightyear = major tom
I do hope it ends with him crashing on an unknown "planet" and meeting Woody.
Me after reading comments: There seems to be no sign of intelligent life here.
OH GOD
BuzLightyear Yay
Pixar theory. This movie is what Buzz THINKS he went through as a toy and thinks that all of this actually happened. That or all of this is real and the Buzz Lightyear toy is based off of this man as a commercial toy product
NO.
OHMAYGASH
We need this PLEASE
Yessir
Buzz light-year
won't be the same without Tim Allen
Oh my goodness some thing is coming for animation lovers
가슴이 웅장해진다.
Watch fortnite putting the buzz skin in the game
i've never been so hyped about a kids movie in my life
It's a toy, we don't need it's origin story, you lot are out of touch. Make a more original story please, instead of just leeching off of your other successes. edit. OH WAIT ITS DISNEY!
Ah, the "Years of Academy Training" that were "Wasted" 🫖
But wasnt he just a toy?
When You Come Here For Chris Evans And He Speaks Only One Dialogue 😑
There better be some 18+ rated theatre sessions
"Avengers!............" "To infinity. Aandd..........."
Love that they had Bowie's song in here. Fit perfectly ❤️
Boy ain’t no way boy
I love it
BUZZ'S HAIR SHUD HAVE BEEN WAVY
Emperor Zurg better be in this!
Wow. White guy in a leading role.
Ahora todo tiene sentido😱 este buzz habra muerto en esta película y reencarno como un juguete y pudo recordar algo de su pasado humano por eso dice que cuando llegó a la casa de wuddy dijo que calló en un planeta extraño
Man Paladin Danse Looks great
Buzz got himself a glow up. Nice.
Esperaba algo como "comando estelar" Esto se muy aburrido
Just awful.
*This awkwardly reminds me of "Gimme Love - Joji"*
Buzz lightyear: RTX edition
That's ain't a buzz lightyear That's a buzz cut lighting!!
What if buzz lightyear was a toy series that was based off of that astronaut
At least they aren’t toys and we get to know Buzz’s origins after the first movie
I thought this was a side story of buss lightyear
Woody: so he wasnt lying about he is a astronaut
Wait, so he wasn't a Toy?  Is this like a backstory or a parallel universe or did i just miss something cuz i didnt watch the 4th installment
As soon as this movie is done in the making, there should be an origin story for Woody.
As a 29 year old man I’m way too excited for this movie lol
I wonder what was the pig story is
We all know where this is going😂
To infinity and beyond.
Audio of recorded Apollo / NASA radio traffic at the beginning
You know that Zurg backstory is gonna be INSANE
I like the ship design.
What's the background song name?
To infinity  and BEYOND
To Infinity and …….   Endgame
1:19  Emperor Zurg is that you
I believe where gonna see Andy at the end playing with  buzz
I think the best trailer I ever saw
I wonder if those 3 eyed aliens will show up
this time it chris evance  the buzz lightyear
First Steve from Blues Clues now this 🥺
This movie looks genuinely great, now I want a gritty Rex prequel where we see him mourn the death of his friends he ate in a blind rage or something
The Toys: wait Buzz is a human? Buzz: *Always has been.*
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampaui nya!!
Pathetic black pandering.
oh my god
Halo reach!
OMG CANT BELIEVE THIS COMING OUT
Lol from the hillside boy
TO INFINITY AAND BEEEYOOOOOOOOOOONND!!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
We cc’ing is
All i waitied for
It's a joke, right?
This pic go hard feel free to screenshot
Bonnie really couldn’t keep an eye on him could she?
Everyone: Forgets about Zurg Me: ...
Kinda cool ngl Also seeing buzz's hair is kinda surreal
David Bowie was a p 3do
reference to interstellar, final space, and more space movies
IT'S GONNA BE GREAT
0:45 this is almost too realistic haha
My childhood hero.
Who asked for this
This movie is so good can't wait to see it
This vid go hard feel free to screenshot
I just wonder whether the aliens will be treated entirely as less intelligent foreign lifeforms prone to wrap around you as shown or if we'll get an entire civilization, perhaps Zurg.
YOU. ARE. A. TOYYY
Am I the only one got bit teary 🥺while watch this ?
Zurg: "I. AM. INEVITABLE." Woody: "YOU. ARE. A. TOY."
La animación se volvió mala o qué?
Finally he is not the same piece from the shop He is different
Would be interesting how this would fit into the Pixar Theory, because technically it must be somewhere between "Up" and "Cars", so about 2016-2100. But Toy Story 1, where the Buzz Lightyear Toy already exists, is set in 1997. Hmm 🤔
After 26 years, 4 movies and an animated series– we finally get to see Buzz with hair.
Dude can they make something not look real for once LOL
Omg this actually made me so happy and feel nostalgic especially seeing the buzz suit and hearing “to infinity and_” 🥺💖 I’m so excited
The animation quality is so crisp I can't wait
😍😍
HOLD ON Anyone else getting serious Elite Dangerous vibes? Just me?  It looks exactly how it feels to fly in ED
What a great way to keep this character going after all these years!!!
Beyond brilliant 👏 I would expect nothing less from our amazing gifted artistic team of awesomeness at Pixar!
buzz cumplio su sueño xD
IDK, I know the 90s cartoon was super cheesy, but it felt like a genuine thing that Andy and his friends would have watched. This serious tone to me doesn't suit the (in-story) Buzz Lightyear vibes.
amazing... can already imagine a cowboy western woody origin flick as well
Even tho I’ve never watched toy story, this genuinely looks quite good and judging on the trailer it sounds like it will be a pretty cool soundtrack!
42 years old and this trailer gave me the goosebumps. I can't wait to watch this with my kids. 👌🏼
why is this garbage?
0:19 it sounds like cupkakke's moan in slowmo👁️👄👁️
Woody: YOU ARE JUST A TOY.  Buzz 2022: allow me to introduce myself
This makes me miss toy story :(
Id definitely pay to see this
Fun Fact: This song played is the same song that plays in the promotion trailers for the Patrick star show
Does that mean they are going to more toy story characters 😃
when you realize all of this begin 26 years ago with a new toy on a boy's birthday
Buzz Lightyear without Tim Allen, what were they thinking?!  The film looks good though.
This looks like Ace Combat: Toy Story
DADDY UR IN A MOVIE
Woody: YOU ARE A TOYY!!!!!!  Buzz: Not again Woody
Amazing.
This is sick no cap.
Woody has been really Quiet since this trailer droped
Now start making a story about Woody. We need some western movie even if animated.
Now we just need a "woody's round up" movie to make the new Toy story cinematic universe
Infinity and beyond
😱🔥
Wait what
OK but  Why
Why does this gives me goosebumps??😂😂😂
Im getting paladin danse vibes of buzz
Why is this a Pixar movie i would actually like to see
Woody has been very quiet after seeing this.
he didnt say beyond what is this
Give the people responsible for this trailer a huge raise!
Beyond
Cool but You don't really need to use the Sun to accelerate in order to escape Solar system, for the whole system moves at (roughly) the same speed in the galaxy, Jupiter will do.  It would be cool if he gets the name for being the first human to fly one light year.
What if Woody .............. next year?
.....look how far they have come ... Mom....
Looks kinda like a clone wars toy story crossover. Definitely think this will be dope!
Cant wait for Rocketman movie
"This pic feels hard feel free to screenshot"
This is how Andy imagined Buzz while playing with him
Wow its weird seeing his hair
Wait..SO your telling me this is the soul of Buzz's past self before he became a toy?!
Not Tim Allen? Not watching
How can buzz be a real man and a toy 🤔
He better still be voiced by Tim Allen
Starman 🌟
What in the world- 😯
wow buzz has hair :0
Imagine He Becomes A Toy At The End Of The Movie Or Becomes A Toy Merchandise Because Of His Sacrifice
Was waiting for this movie for my entire lifetime.
Still devastated at Toy Story 4 🥺😭
Are you going to explain how he turned into a toy?
Woody: “Buzz look a movie about you!” Buzz: “Where!?”
*Incoming Bara arts of Buzz*
Buzz?
This is a nice way to continue toy story franchise and also get to know Buzz lightyears story. I see a big story for breaking each toys to story and why they had a merchandise . 👏👏👏👏👏👏
I've never been so excited to a Pixar or a Disney movie since a very long time honestly
isn’t he a toy
Awesomeee to infinity and my foot
looks like tom cruise
To infinity and ..... Muh diversityyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
That hit all the feelings
I'm confused ain't he a toy y is there a whole universe
Buzz lightyear about to blow our mind
I like the idea of making the Buzz's story NOT just imagined for toys sale. And again... "space toys" age is back ;p
This will be video game graphics in 2014
Now I want a buzz lightyear play , to put it with my collection that includes a cowboy wooden play, and a green t rex
now Woody needs his back story
I'm conflicted.. looks good but no Tim Allen  :'(
It could've been a good astronaut movie if you just didn't add buzz's suit in the end
I thought Captain America was on the moon, but this is close enough
Эффектом зловещей долины навивает)
The best thing of it all , is that most of these views and likes are all 90's babies , we cant wait ! ! !
i honestly dont think people know they fired tim allen. either tim allen does the voice or we cancel pixar
I kind of hope that this movie is  pg 13
It completes my childhood from watching buzz lightyear cartoons and my adult hood with the song!! (Eternal screaming)
Yoooo this actually looks great
Star Wars hyperspace exists Pixar: write that down!
Wait Tim Allen isn't the voice ????
When Toys Story uses RTX :
I was bout to say that looks like buzz lightyear
Time Travel to the Future?  Open box......I'm your Father....OMG
beyond
Now Pixar had a plan to make all toys characters backstory from Toy Story universe starting from Buzz.
Who know Woodies upcoming movie acted by The Rock
THIS SOUNDTRACK THOOOO! Let’s go, Starman! To infinity and beyond!
미쳤다
The soundtrack to this trailer would be perfect for a David Bowie biopic.
Bye bye elsa, everyone wants buzz now
0:58 Dagobah?
David bowie is the best soundtrack.
TIM ALLEN IS BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!!!! THIS IS CLEARLY POLITICAL!!!! AND I FOR ONE WILL NOT BE WATCHING!!!!! 🤬🤬🤬
Can't wait to see Zerg
Ehhh……. But this is Star Wars😆
अनंत से भी आगे..🤖🚀
I said it 'beyond'....
No Tim Allen, not watching
LFGGGGGGGGGG
Wait  What
Captain America as Buzz Lightyear is too good
The origins of buzz lightyear
Its BEAUTIFUL,its soooo beautiful   Buzz lightyear hair reveal....I'm wining
I can't wait for Zurg to announce that he is Buzz father
-rubs hands together- it’s bout that time Pixar blesses us
I smell memes
Nooooooooooooosaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Já estou ansioso para ver!!!!
Everyone joking about woody and buzz  But nobody talking about 'Starman'
Ain’t now way Pixar isn’t trolling, out here looking like a Heinz Relish commercial.
So excited!
0:47
I wasn’t so much excited since my childhood’s first toy story ! This is brilliant.
look i love chris evans and all but its a sin to have anyone but tim allen play buzz
Im not gonna see the trailer yet but im going to predict something. Its gonna be a disney+ exclusive. edit: somehow thanks goodness its not a disney+ exclusive
Halo ?
Why no Tim Allen?
Now all we need is a Western that explains woody's backstory
Can’t believe I lived to see the day my childhood came full circle 🤌🏼  Guess woody was wrong buzz is NOT just a toy.
Please, Disney, make it more than just “One Film” with PIXAR. The universe of “Lightyear” seems vast and intriguing. Expand it just like you have with the Star Wars Universe! A brand new Sci-Fi series or entire franchise based on this would be fascinating!
👍🏻
This was a awesome idea 💡 they can make so many from this
Kids now: “holy moly is that among us!”
Look what they did to my boy
Oooooo he's not bald
So excited for this! Can't wait to see the great evil emperor Zurg!
OMG this is the movie that Andy was watching in toy story 🤯🤯
Lol and at the end of the movie, Buzz finds the word "Andy" written on the sole of his foot.
I once had a Buzz Lightyear toy as a kid. That was in the late 90's. Whenever I played with it, I wondered what kind of backstory this astronaut has. He surely wasn't born into his spacesuit. He probably had a life outside it. He likely had a home, a family, and friends. I was curious what series of events made him the astronaut we know. 20 years later, I'm finally getting an answer.
Just doesn’t feel like HIM at all
I want Woody's cowboy movie.
and we've finally run out of ideas
Ummm....did he happen to stop on Dagobah?
A valuable voice.
This looks bad
Mesmerized..would be a good movie to inspire future children of space travel
1:17 Warp Droids and Darkmatter welcoming arrival of Emperor Zurg.
2022 디즈니의 주가가 기대되는군
Wait how did he survive getting that close to the sun
Hold on so in the first toy story buzz was right the whole time? saying he was.. or is buzz a toy from.. Is buzz a toy? or is he a man inside a toys body? This is just the trailer of a cool movie and already I'm questioning the lore of toy story
We already got a back ground story of Woody from Toy Story 2, he was the main character of an old time kids show "Woody's Round Up" and now we get Buzz's story and it looks awesone!
me: dad can we have buzz lightyear? dad: no son we have buzz lightyear at home buzz lightyear at home:
Will Zurg be the villain though??? 🤔
Trailer goes hard feel free to clip
im concerned this wasn't uploaded on april fools day
Now we need Woody’s Round up
E
E
I’m so excited for this. From a purely visual standpoint, it looks like they drew a lot of inspiration from Star Wars and Halo, which are two of my favorite sci-fi stories. I loved Toy Story growing up, so I’m really excited to see this
What's wrong with me? Why i do feel like this.
Pixar “Spider Man” is what we need
WoW
but why?
A trailer without spoiling the whole plot?
Imagine if Andy did have kids and took them to see this film? And that Buzz Lightyear was a cartoon he grew up with and is way he loved his Buzz Lightyear toy as much as he loved Woody.
It do be looking like Luke’s X-Wing on Dagobah 0:58
idc if people hate this concept this animation is beautiful
Also why does the buzz lightyear suit look like Doom Slayer’s suit 🤣
Why is no one talking about the Wall-E robot designs being almost the biggest confirmation we've ever gotten that all Pixar movies take place in the same universe
We are warning the United States do not to play with fire on the Taiwan issue! Otherwise, the reunification process of the Korean Peninsula will also be accelerated!
Ur ruining it, look at my lips UR RUINING IT
its amazing to see the evolution of the animation style from all the toy story movis and spin off films/shows/specials like this
My buzz man lookin kinda fit tho
Neat
Beyond!!!!!!!
Cant wait 😁
Why does this actually look so good? Like visually and as a story?
I reckon true fans say “beyond”
I have rewatched this 8 times. Can’t wait.
To infinity and beyond 💪🏻😭
I’m at 14 year old but why am I so hyped to see this movie I mean seriously I watched toy story 2 on repeat. BUZZ IS BACK AFTER BARELY EXISTING IN TOY STORY 4
I refuse to believe that this is the same guy in toy story.
There's a Starman waiting in the sky He'd like to come meet us But he thinks he'd blow our minds....Miss You David.
😮
SCREEEECH IT WAS OVER YOU SAID IT YOURSELVES
You know I’ve always wanted to see what Buzz look like without his space Ranger suit on
"to infinity and"   *Me causally waiting for "beyond"😃
To infinity and :( What was after and :(
Wait so he is not bald???????????
Why does buzz look some much like the og doom marine
Prediction:In the ppst-credit scene lightyear(THE TOY) is watching the movie with bonnie and the other toys
Carns hill on production
Nope
“Finally! They’re making an actual story of you! TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!” BUZZ: “You’re mocking me, aren’t you?” 😄👨‍🚀
1:11 we got a smoker!
This is so exciting and also i feel like i will be emotional watching this movie.
Buzz glow up LETS GO
Ksp2: the movie
I watched SuperCarlinBrothers rundown of this trailer before watching it myself, and I agree with them that this is looking an awful  lot like a cartoon Star Wars dedo.
I'm in!
無限の彼方に行った末路。
starman!! What a trailer
GTX mode on
Wow... This looks amazing!!
I have been furious at all the Disney remakes but this truly looks incredible.  The animation alone is jaw dropping, Buzz is a total daddy and the plot looks like it might actually have some self respect, I cant wait!!
This was real I thouht this was a rtx meme.
wow the details
Welcome to another episode of "The Origin of Legends", today featuring the always entertaining Disney Pixar.
To infinity AND BEYOND!✊
머스크형이랑 화성 가야지
i’m guessing the toy was based off of an actual astronaut in their universe
Is it just me or does this guy looks exactly like BUZZ from toystory 1234
Is that Tom Cruise's face?
This trailer goes hard. Feel free to screen record
The spinoff toy story
Im personally hoping Zerg makes an appearance in some form, I wanna see how he'd look in this style
The real question is:           Can this Buzz speak Spanish?
Buzz lightyear
This looks amazing! Buzz is definitely on Dagobah lol 0:57
OMG!! Say beyond!!!
I don't know which one Will be better. Turning red or lightyear
Wasn't there a series before where it was Buzz plus 3 other people?
개미춋네
Buzz does look like CHRIS EVANS
🥳
I love the fact that they changed the voice because, usually the toy sounds nothing like the character/person it's based off of.
Not the same without Tim Allen. He's so iconic as Buzz
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya
I'm glad they did a spin-off rather than do a remake or reboot of Toy Story
Glad they did a spin-off rather than do a remake or reboot of Toy Story
I'm up next
If Zurg ain't the villain I'm not watching
* Watching buzz without suit * *wait that's illegal* !
I wonder how much time he'll lose due to relativity when passing by that star at enormous speed!
I'm just glad they did a spin-off rather than do a remake or reboot of Toy Story
Imagine after all of this adventure, he called a toy
"YOU'RE JUST A TOY"    "no."
Oh man, this sure is... a movie.
YOOO
My theory:in this buzz lightyear movie,i think that its telling us that buzz is a normal human that become austronaut and his job is to discover planets in space and there are aliens attacking him.in the ending i think buzz surrender himself to save everybody so buzz surrender himself turnning into a toy so thats what happen.btw this is just a theory
My theory:in this buzz lightyear movie,i think that its telling us that buzz is a normal human that become austronaut and his job is to discover planets in space and there are aliens attacking him.in the ending i think buzz surrender himself to save everybody so buzz surrender himself turnning into a toy so thats what happen.btw this is just a theory
I dig that buzz lightyear
We need car 4
they chnged the voice actor :(
To infinite and your mom
....star......wars
Not bed!
I’m already impressed with the robot cat.
Miss you David Bowie....
Geil!
Not my buzz :(
"To Infinity and.. Avengers Assemble"
I wish this was m rated
lol
WOODY THE MOVIE SURELY COME
looks interesting...
This trailer goes hard. Feel free to screen record.
Plot twist:This is one of Andy's toy play like in the starting of toy story 3
This is the “canon movie” IN the canon movie
Makes me wonder, is Buzz Lightyear actually a real person that exists or a fictional character in the Toy Story universe?
The thumbnail makes it look like Buzz has a Destiny 2 tatoo on his face I pog
Looks like one of the best animation pieces is recent times, definitely watching!
This isn't a movie, this is content milking with style
Tim Allen IS buzz light year, not watching this......lol
Booster better be in this or I'm boycotting
They've ruined buzz
So excited Chris Evans is voicing Buzz!!! He is a perfect Buzz!!! 💕💕🙌🏼🙌🏼
Where is MIRA NOVA?????
Lame. They didn't use the original voice from Tim Allen. That's a hard no thanks.
there's never a movie ...
Is this the new warhammer 40k hd game?
UOLT DISNEY 🪦 🌹
Anyone else remember the show?
*Everyone Gangsta Till Woody The Movies Release*
This is giving me Elite Dangerous vibes.
Wow buzz got upgraded🥺
Movies are for kids, right?
I'm wondering if Zurg is actually his father or not
Oh wow buzz lightyear
Tamildubbed please
Going off the theories I've read here about Buzz sacrificing himself at the end of this movie, I'll go one further and say it's said sacrifice that, in honour and memoriam of his service, they create a toy dedicated to his memory and the movie will actually end with his family seeing the final prototype of the Buzz Lightyear toy that we all know and love.
To infinity and ….........war
Why no Tim Allen though? Doesn't make much sense that they'd put his voice in the toy when Evans sounds nothing like him.
This trailer is like watching The right stuff, Star Wars and Toy Story... even Band of Brothers... all together!!! Super excited!
Good no whaman Buzz
The black lady: “To infinity...” Buzz: “And...” Me: “Beyond”
STAR MAN FROM DAVID BOWIE ????
Time travel with speed???
This us really good!!!
RDJ as woody would be perfect
So Pixar was doing this during lockdown !
But he's a toy. This makes no sense
by the end of the trailer I literally screamed "BEYONDDDDD !!!!!!"
Very cool !!!
So excited for this 😊
1:08 If I had a nickel for every time Chris Evans plays an iconic character involuntarily yanked forward in time, I’d have two nickels. It’s not much, but it’s weird it happened twice.
Whoever made this trailer needs a raise 🔥
Preparing for all the people about to call Buzz a "sigma male."
wow the image quality
So does this mean theyre going to make a Western with Woody and the gang?
Kind of looks like a Master Chief origin story. >_>
They better have Zerg into this
Hindi trailer 🙏
Hindi 🙏🙏🙏
In hindi 🙏
Wait how?
Wait, In toy story 2, Zurg is Lightyear's father. Am i being spoilered by my own nostalgia?
Waiting for real sherrif Woody.
this is stupid.. don't ruin toy story please..
definitely NOT seeing this anytime soon...
I kinda hate the new voice tbh
Starman David Bowie classic
after lightyear we will get woody
everyone: WOW buzz is REaL me: I thought his hair is purple
For no reason i feel like ive seen that face beafore in some movie.
"Youre a toy" they said, "A children's plaything" they said
When pixar makes animation trust me it never disappoints
He was not just a toy.
just realised that this might be the story of the person they based the toy on? probably not but its a just a thought
Why did they make Chris evans buzz, I mean he’s a good actor and all but just why
Yep
The look of the rocket and the way it shot up makes me think that Disney is going to do a cheap refurbishment of the Mission: Space ride if the movie does well. I haven’t heard any rumors or anything it’s just a theory I had.
One like for the one and only captain America we know, Chris Evans
It doesn’t work without Tim Allen voicing Buzz. At least give him a cameo as a toy & have Chris Evans say “that doesn’t sound like me”.
I wonder what evil emperor Zurg looks like, when he is apparently “his father”.
you are a super soldier, you can't fly!
Woody: YOU ARE A TOY Buzz: Hold my beer
It's kind of messed up that Andy's Buzz Lightyear thought this was his life before finding out he is a toy.
Muy interesante 😮
I understand why they chose to recast, but I hope Tim Allen gets a fitting role in this movie. Imagine Buzz's dad calls him on way to his first day on the job and you hear Tim Allen saying, "I'm proud of you, son. Star Command is lucky to have you."
Can't wait for Woody's.
Me: Whoa... I can't believe Buzz was a real Astronot! Woody: I jealous... Buzz: Wait when they all make you a real Wild West Cowboy Sheriff... Me: Such a MASTERPIECE!
Can't wait for a Woody revamp too
everyone watching : waiting for chris evans  voice to show up
Woody | Teaser Trailer      Coming soon...
My inner childhood is screaming. Lets enter 2022 already. Cant wait to watch this
Anyone else getting SpaceX vibes?
I AM REALLY EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE! But it is weeeiiiiirrrrd seeing buzz with hair 😂
Wheres the context lol
Is buzz lightyear inspired by astronaut Buzz Aldrin ?
can't wait for the buzz lightyear fortnite skin.
will emperor zurg appear?
"YOU ARE  A TOYYY!"  "you are one strange little man"
Can't wait for the sequel where Buzz learns who his real father is!
I hope at the end of the film in the credits there's bloopers like in toy Story 2
now we just need a woody movie
He's going to be a Fortnite Skin... Just think about it
So... Pixar Theory ruined then?
And now I want Woody's solo movie
I feel like if Anything Woody should have gotten his own movie
Amazing song choice can't wait...
Watching the cartoon "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" in 2000's as a kid was one of the most happiest moments of my life.
Music 🎶is good 👍
Woody: 'Buzz your flying' Buzz: 'this isn't flying, this is falling with style'
never seen toystory or buzz toons... but this looks really good, i like his Mass Effecty armor. hope the movie has great story and some intense combat.
Beyond
Zurg hornets are round instead of pointy now. bring back the pointy hornets.
Add more black people.
Now all we need is a Western that explains woody's backstory
This movie is the one Andy watched as a kid just before he got buzz as a toy
As my dad took 10 year old me to see Toy Story back in 1995, I shall take my own kids to this movie and make new memories that lasts to infinity and beyond!
I just came
My Dream is come True, after 17 years ago I was back to childhood again. Thanks PIXAR
Zurg better be the main villain. It’s only right.
That really cool! It's nice that the Buzz Astral toy was modeled on a real cosmonaut, therefore our toy Buzz had this behavior and no believe hi is a toyXDD I understand that;) I have hope make the same with Woody!
"Pic goes really hard, feel free to screenshot"
😮😮😮😮😯😯😯😯 if buzz light year came to life in animation, how about woody? 😅😁
Shut up and take my money!
I hope the movies plot isn't in some kids imagination.
I'm a 90s kid and buzz lightyear was my idol from toy story and seeing this makes me wanna cry because my childhood dream is becoming a reality. His dream was to fly and now that dream will go to infinity and beyond.
💗
I just hope this has proper physics and realistic launch sequences involved. It probably won't :(  1) no one uses Sun/star gravity assists. It wastes fuel to even get that low, let alone survive the heat 2) That spacecraft does not have enough fuel to go where it is going. In reality it won't have enough fuel to even get into orbit. 3) "faster than light" concept? Defying physics in a nutshell  Still, this looks like it will be a good film if done right
I didn't hear the og buzz lightyear voice
After this movie there better be a Woody film
Finally, some more Paladin Danse lore
The thumbnail be hitting hard
I can’t watch this and not think of them as just mini toys
To the infinity and beyond!!!!! Love
THIS LOOKS INCREDIBLE
Mano?
Haters leave the building..
he looks like xiaoma in New York
menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya.
Omg why dose he look like lightning McQueen but…a man 😂😂😂
whats the musics name
Please tell me we'll see an Emperor Zurg, this looks absolutely epic 😭
Buzz Lightyear looks up in space like a child aweing at the stars and space.
He sacrifice himself and become a toy.
Tim Allen should be the only guy allowed to voice Buzz Lightyear.
This is a pretty hype teaser not gonna lie.
가슴이 웅장해진다
What's wrong with Buzz' voice?
Why don't have Zerg emperor
0:52 imagine jessie looking at the actual buzz hairstyle
Feel free to screenshot
can’t wait to hear “through the infinity and beyond!!” in 4K
I didn't know I wanted this
BEYOOOOOOND
here’s an idea: maybe use original movie ideas, instead of reusing the same scraps from your glory days 20 years ago?
Woody:YOU ARE A-... Woah  Buzz:I am 𝙉𝙊𝙏
The best
Awesome 👌i like toy Story
It’s enough to make a grown man cry, and that’s ok.
Why is everyone in the movie is black except for Buzz?
Ok, but why did it took me years to realise that buzz looks so fine?
Some form of time dilation, I see.
This got me on laughing hysterically for 1:43 minute
So you're telling me that this whole toy story franchise was just buzz lightyear in coma.
I'm waiting for it. It's hard to arrive quickly.😣
Buzz needs to say smoes
It's all about nostalgia and childhoods of the legends!
He looks like Tom Cruise has anyone noticed ?
Omg! So excited!😭
No Tim Allen. No watchie.
Plz dubb this movie in Hindi also it's humble request
this pic goes hard  00:23
It was about time pixar did something good
Loop
Weird direction of franchise...
the end hurt me more than it should have....im watching this movie
Magash..im so excited 💃🕺🤸‍♀️🤸‍♂️🤸‍♀️🤸‍♂️
I smell sjw like toy story 4
wouldn't it be epic if he find a cowboy in a certain planet ahahhahaha
Gave me shivers
I hate this
I really want the big twist to be that Andy was just playing with Buzz the whole time.
6.9M views. nice
Did anyone watch Buzz Lightyear: Star Command? Man that was so good.
I wonder if this means we will get a Woody's Roundup movie next if Lightyear does well at the box office?
1:20 doomslayer vibes
imagine at the end of the movie, all of this is all in andy's mind while playing with his space ranger action figure
This was the real light year🤩🤩🤩
This looks stellar
This gives me walle vibes
Wow this is amazing I didn't realise that buzz has a real story before becoming a famous toy nice
There’s nostaaalgia caashgraaaaab, waiting in the staaaars...  Visualy it looks great... not sure how are they intending to fit the story to make sense, that Buzz is actualy a toy...
Woody who regrets saying buzz is a toy
The fact that Andy saw this before I did...
Couple of hours ago i was on a car and i was listening to a car radio and all of sudden people at the radio said about buzz lightyear and the catchphrase and i was like "i think they trying to bring up the memories" BUT.... I Didn't Know It Was This
This looks sick
Looks good, would have loved it if it was Tim Allen! But Chris Evans is a great replacement.
I wasn’t the only one who said “AND BEYOND” out loud at the end?! 🤩
Will Zurg be the villain in this movie since this kinda explains how buzz became who he is today?
Bleh.
this movie is definitely not targeted at children. probably those who watched toy story 1 as a child.
"To infinity...... and beyond"
Love it!
I got to watch this
I hope they will also do a woody franchise
This looks like it takes place on the year like far from what we have. So if i'm not, there will be a woody solo movie that takes place like in the 1800s. See what i did there? Like polar opposites?
I wonder if they'll make a movie about Woody
Means "the buzz lightyear" in the "toy story" lwas the action figure of this real lightyear... am i right???
The greatest comeback after toy story 3 :)
Bro, why is everyone in the movie except for Buzz is black? is the planet very close to the sun or what?
4k buzz be like:
Lololololololololik
And beyond
And it’s such good detail
this is going to be the greatest animated film of all time
0:52 omg  buzz lightHAIR
0:12 crystalic fusion (mentioned in toy story )
My face when watching this old childhood toy:😢😭
I would like to pray that it will be broadcast in Japan as well.
"To infinity........"🚀
NEW MOVIE COMING SOON???  WHAT DATE
Even this looks more promising and riveting than the Sequels of Starwars.
No Tim Allen… what?
Even buzz lightyear is getting the gritty 'grounded' reboot.  What a time to live in.  All jokes a side, looks pretty good
Nice spinoff.
I hope they take inspiration from Interstellar, which is essentially what this movie looks like
I think the term you're looking for, is, Space Ranger.
This actually looks awesome and the visuals look sick. A teeny tiny step up from the original Toy Story movie 🤣
헐.....버즈..???? 헐.....
Chris Evans as Buzz. But the question remains: who will be Zurg? I vote Ron Perlman!
Kids now turned professionals will absolutely watch this movie together with their kids.  Of course this will be a top-grosser!
dislikes are from WARNER BROS
What's up with Chris Evans on not completing famous and memorable catch phrases
OMG.. 😱  SLINGSHOT AROUND THE SUN!!!!  BEAUTIFUL....👁
are we going to get a movie where woody is an actual cowboy and commits serious acts of theft, gambling, aggressive drinking, cow rustling, murder, blackmail e.c.t
The origin of this movie was when the director said that what if the movie Andy watched in TS3 was this movie? And it could most likely be it, I mean, Buzz is a toy, and since Buzz became really popular, someone decided to make a movie on Buzz
And in the end Andy imagining Buzz as a actual Space Ranger.....
wheres the Emperor Zurg reveal doe
This movie goes so hard i will screen shot
But the type of dood who turns of his body cam
why VOICE ACTOR NOT TIM ALLEN???????????
I think it should be called infinity instead of lightyear..... or infinity man
Im excited! Hope it doesnt dissapoint
This looks awesome
Woohoo about time
He looks like a young Mr. Incredible.
YO STARMAN BY DAVID BOWIE?!? OH MY GAHHHHHH
The end of the movie is going to be him waking up realizing it was all a dream
To Infinity and.....
can we apreciate that this is  the first time we actually see buzz WITHOUT the purple thing on his head?
To infinity and... beyond? 😂 How could I think about it.
Wow
Lightyearverse please
Buzz: im not a toy i am in a parellel toy universe woody:🤣🤣
This is star wars without light sabers and force.
This pic goes hard Feel free to repost.
I hope woody have original story like buzz
is that the avengers logo?
This looks good
헐 미쳣다 개설레 ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
We have been waiting for this for a long time!
To infinity and..... AND???????  What a cliffhanger.
I wonder if the plot twist at the end will be this was all just a big commercial for the actual toy, or maybe Buzz was watching the entire thing.
I can't get enough of this trailer! ..brings me back to when I was a kid.
So the other Buzz Lightyear movie no longer?
“let the children lose it.  let the children use it. let all the children all boogie.”    *Me…an adult and grew up watching toy story…losing it and doing the boogie already by a simple trailer*
Master Chief looks great
1:22 this scene goes so hard, feel free to screenshot
I'm willing to bet the cat is voiced by Alan Tudyk...
My inner child and outer adult are both VERY excited about this.
Toy story be like
All the nostalgia comes in this movie
Thanks for spitting in the faces of *Toy* Story fans
new star wars trilogy looking mighty fine
*Snif*
This is gonna be awesome 🚀 🌕
Weeping with joy!
No Tim Allen? I object ✌🏾
0:58 Is Master Yoda home ?
Then they will make: I got a snake in my boot. 😒
We are admitted Chinese hegemonism invaded Iraq! China's hegemonism launched the Iraq war!
I'm expecting references all throughout the movie.
Neil.A
You've got a friend in me
sick
My four year old self is freaking out right now. I definitely want to watch in theaters
Mann I hope y’all don’t leave us with this teaser cuz this looks good‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
Now for “Cowboy”
I didn't expect this.
halo reach
They knew exact what they were doing picking this song If you listen to the lyrics you’ll know
Wow they have came a long way. Does anybody else remember the first Buzzlightyear  movie?
Need one for Woody too
FR I GET MORE HYPE WHEN I REALISE CHRIS EVANS WILL BRING THIS CHARACTER 😌
Whats the song?
i swear to god pixar's animation skills just keep getting better and better
Bronanaz
this version of starman is incredibly epic
Is this the story about how he ended up in toy story?
My body is ready.
To infinity and beyond Plus ULTRA
Let’s go Brandon.
Weird...
Beyond.
he now has a 100% chance of stealing your girl
What was the reason for going with Chris Evans over Tim Allen?
1:18 WOAH THEY GOT ZGOKS!!!
mr incredible goes to space
Ok this but live action
Calling it now, this movie is just a movie happening inside toy story 1 and the camera pans out and shows Andy and he immediately asks his mom if he can have buzz when the toy is out
In the future: Reach For the Sky Official Trailer
Surprised buzz isn't female or black or both.
Can someone explain to me what this movie is actually going to be about??? And what relationship does it actually have with the main movies?
Interstellar but Pixar
do woody’s lore story after this
I was not expecting this. 🤔
Hey guys, look! It’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
Animation is of this world (Not already i can't believe the amazing animation)
Remember Reach
For a second there i thought Buzz was the only white character in the movie.
Of course there’s a shoehorned in minority.
I love how this really looks like it's going to partially be about time travel. The FTL travel, slingshot maneuvers around the sun and weird experimental rocket tech are big clues, but Buzz not recognizing the robot cat, and having what happened explained to him by the robot with the whiteboard make me think that he's gone forward in time, and that's why he goes from a fairly normal-seeming astronaut to one with the suit we all know, in a group called Star Command.
this video goes hard, can I screenshot?
since i already like to watch the cartoon series this movie will be great
I didn't know I needed this movie!  To infinity and beyond!!!
The animation is truly something else. Wow.
Kind of sad Tim Allen isn’t voicing Buzz because he has a great voice, but I think Chris Evans will be good
Now I wonder why he has marketable merchandise made after him within the Toy Story universe when he’s a “real” person.
Love it! This is kinda like a prequel… this would have been the movie Andy watched before “Toy Story” Well that’s what I am feeling anyway
Anant se bhi aage
This is all about Buzz going into a Time Travel.
Idk if this is like canon or not but it looks really cool
MAJOR TOM HERE WE GO
Can't wait to watch this film!
Now they need to make a movie of the real Woody
I just peed white after watching this
Momento when Toy Story predicted something
Toy Story RTX on
Why is a chad in a toy suit flying in tech that wasn’t even thought of in the original toy story?
I can already guess, this is going to be a partially time displacement story.
grandiose
Wait does this mean the toy story world n this  are the same since the toy is based off him and they got a tv show about him
I am looking forward to seeing Lightyear coming next year, for Infinity and beyond!
I finished the sentence & for some reason it hit hard!
Noooooo………………………… it’s toy story, they don’t need back stories 😕
Talked me into it
A Recreation of the trailer into a live action short film is possible, Title: LIGHTYEAR: The Story/Evolution of a Space Ranger heading out into Infinity and beyond
All the boomers are excited. I'm gonna be the oldest one in the movie theater.
So basically, what were gonna watch next year, is Andy's world version of Star Wars.
Anant se bhi ageee
Is this considered a prequel to Toy Story?
This trailer brings back nostalgic memories from the previous toy story movies, and the beautiful friendship between buzz, woody and the rest of the gang ❤
RELEASE THE STARMAN REMIX, PIXAR!
Class 🔥🔥🔥
Too bad Tim Allen’s not in it.
This really makes me miss David Bowie. His music was so revolutionary. The trailer looked good too.
So the toy is actually based on a real person in the toy story universe
Infinity and............ boom
Let’s be honest, we came here for the memes, not the movie.
Idk how I feel about this, when does the woody one come?
masterpiece
Ok, so it's official , this is my favourite Pixar movie after Wall- e. Everything related to space and seriously the one who suggested using Starman by Bowie, should get an instante raise.
This buzz goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Oh God, why?
looks interesting
looks like a weyland yutani logo on their chests. what a cross over XD
To infinity and... and what?! *Sighs Guess we'll have to find out when it premieres. Don't spoil what he says after!
I haven't liked a western animated movie (anime fan here) since Shrek and this one seems really interesting.
The Maritan's song, makes me remember that men always being rescued, lol
"and"
1:29 I understood that reference
Imagine Pixar giving every other character a treatment like this...
Please god let Zurg be in this
BEYOOOOOOND
Why i feel like crying watch this trailer 🥺
Yesssssirrr
The new Star Trek movie looks great
I really want this movie to turn out as a one of a kind memorable story, and I hope it doesn't end up as another mediocre movie with lousy writing like the Star Wars sequel or the newer Toy Story movies. I hope they've taken their time and effort to make this.
1:20 someone edit the scene to be the doomsayer outfit
The new star wars trailer look crazy
I'm actually excited for this because I loved the cartoon as a kid  I saw a bunch of the realistic Buzz face memes and I didn't know what they were from lol
They really chad up Buzz 😂
My 6 year old son was confused 😆
It’s a cartoon Tom cruise
This gives off Wall-E vibes
What happened to Tim Allen ?
1:20 scene: new meme?
To infinity and beyond...
Gonna be crazy when they introduce zurg 😳
w...what?
This is what I've wanted ever since I saw Toy Story and I had no idea. I've watched this trailer way too many times and I'm both elated and nervous
I finally can see Buzz's Hair without the violet thing😂
Cool!
buzz got hair... okay. that's... new.
Was not expecting this, hope it's fun.
Now I can't unsee Buzz without the suit and it's kinda weird
Song?
Wonderful ☺️
So it’s gonna be Disney infinity toy story level pack
This is going to be epic.
WHAT
Whyyyyyy? They should have just left toy story in the toy box🤣😂
idk why but I’m getting WALL-E vibes from this
To infinity and your mom
3 movies  Turing Red Enchanto Light Year  Yessss 😙😙😙😙😙😙
To infinity and beyond
Yea!!  A new Toy Story movie.  :)
I don’t think he’s a toy anymore
This is what happens when creativity goes down the drain
So who’s doing the voice now that Tim Allen was booted for being Republican?
Bro been wearing the same durag for years now bro has to be spinning💀
Wow kurt angle got a disney movie!? Big moves 💪
I can’t unsee paladin danse
I hope Woody would be next
From Captain America to Captain Buzz.
"To infinity and beyond"  -buzz lightyear
Bruh I almost cried at the end “infinity and beyond”!!!! I grew up watching these movies. I’m going to get so much more emotional 😭😭
Andys imagination is wild
To infinity and beyond
Into space he goes
Not Tim Allen? PASS...
This is the best animation I seen like It looks real
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR'S BACKSTORY!! WOW I CANT WAIT!! :D
There's already 80000 memes about this... they're everywhere.
My Childhood Toy Becoming a Hero
Can't wait
Can we talk about this animation? Absolutely stunning and breathtaking! Hope the movie plot is good itself
Nah Tim Allen is the better buzz lightyear
*INCREDIBLE*
The crystal they put in at the start looked like coaxium from solo
I get the feeling there maybe be a lot more adults without children in the theaters this time around. This movie really hits that childhood spot.
its pixar so u know its finna be fire
“Sabre is launched, see you starside, Noble-6.”
I watched the first Toy Story back when it came out, and I was a toddler. Seeing this coming up on 30, I'm just as excited. It looks beautiful, I bet the soundtrack is gonna be great, and Chris as Buzz is gonna be great too. Very much looking forward to seeing this!
Literal goosebumps watching this. Loved the buzz lightyear animations as a kid and this defs brought back og memories
To infinity and...  me, in tears: Beyond...
Adding Starman in was a nice touch
So cool….I’m completely lost
Okay, but is Emperor Zurg gonna be in this or nah
so there was a woman lightyear?
It’s about time! Talk about the right stuff…🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Nice to see Joe Swanson walking.
Looks pretty good.  Even if Disney is a lowlife woke company.
“ this pic go hard feel free to screenshot “
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya...  :v
“Oh, boy! This is gonna be good, I can tell.”   - Dory (Finding Nemo)
Huh, always thought buzz was bald
Everyone: OMG ITS BUZZ, THIS IS WHAT THE TOY THOUGHT HE WAS!!!!   ME: OMG they modeled his spaceship after a SR-71 blackbird with some tweaks
this pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
man looks like Tom cruise
So this movie is basically a movie Andy would see in the Toy Story universe? Then people in the Toy Story universe made toys from this movie? So Toy Story is set in the future???
Imagine this being an epic adventure and at the last scene when he's about to sacrifice himself to save everyone... Andy is interrupted by either Molly or his mom
Where is Tim? Chang once voices is weird.
The legend is coming now…
wow
This is the movie that came out when Andy was a kid that made him and everyone else want a Buzz Lightyear toy. Very cool 😎 😎
nghe nhạc mà da gà da ốc nổi 😍
Is that buzz?
Did you think there is only an American supply chain crisis? Why don't British supermarkets even have vegetables! Economics tells us what inflation is! Material shortage!
This is going to be a massive hit of the yera💯😌
And beyond. Your welcome I said it at the end for you
Dear God please be good
This gave me goosebumps
This movie is gonna have a BIG twist I can just feel it…
RIP Tim Allen
I've seen SO many memes about Buzz now.  I'm going to LOVE this movie! 😁
This makes me really happy
this looks fantastic
Buzz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There's a starman~
Beyond
The Zerg reveal tho 😳 It's going to blow everyone's mind
David Bowie 😭😭😭
Can't wait for woodys turn
Discount Star Wars.....
So excited for this :D
Um...eh what the heck.
NO TIM ALLEN?!?
Ooh Among Us- I mean Space 😀
So does this mean that the buzz lightyear toy is based on a real person in the Pixar universe?
Get Tim Allen to do it . Please. He is the only man worthy to play buzz
Basically if Star Wars and Toy story had a baby
Look how they massacred my boy
I m not lying,, i really did say " beyond " out loud
Toy Story 4zzzzzzzz
This is what I imagine the Buzz toy is based off in Toy Story. Woody was a old tv show and Buzz is a new age movie.
Might be the best movie of all ever
buzz NUTZ
Oh man I can't wait
This trailer goes so hard, Feel free to screenshot.
Arghhhhh and beyond
Take my Money.
Certified hood classic
Well its definantly not Toy Story.
"Beyond"
Why
This really breaks your brain when you really think about it because essentially from what I can gather this is a movie that also exists in the Toy Story universe which also in-universe inspired to the creation of the Buzz Lightyear toys or to put it another way it’s an origin story within an origin story, not for an action figure, but for the character who inspired it. In real life. But in a movie, which is fake.
So so
wait...HE'S NOT A TOY????
I hope this is a genuine quality movie and not just super woke
I showed this to my daughter. She finished the sentence. 💓🧑‍🚀🚀
Nice!
I've always loved and will continue to love Tim Allen as Buss Lightyear since Toy Story 1 but Chris Evans as Buzz Lightyear I really don't think is too bad of a bad idea!!
I can't stop watching the trailer. I know I should be doing homework but seeing this just makes me so happy.
Keep it
It will be funny when they lunch toys of the movie and we see the toy frome the movie of the toy frome the movie of toys
Ok you can’t go wrong with David Bowie
Isn't buzz suppose to be a space ranger fighting zurg... thats what I want
Will Mira Nova be in this?
Idk how Pixar keeps putting out these movies that somehow recycle (?) abandoned or never developed stories (which usually wouldn’t need any development since they’re good as they already are) aND THEN MAKE THIS MOVIES AND I _KNOW_ I’LL GO TO THE MOVIE THEATRE AND WATCH IT EVEN IF THEY MADE A MOVIE ABOUT SQUICKY THE TOY LAKDKSKDK  they must be doing something right or I just really love kids’ movies
Tbh. I hope this shows him going to earth and becoming a Toy.
Please if Zurg in the movie have Mark Hamill play him!!!!
Boo Chris evans, Boo.
GTA TRILOGY & now this ?! Sweet…
Theory this is the actual person toy buzz was inspired by and they made toys of him because he was a hero
A Buzz for all seasons...    ^~^
Get this man a shield
This is the only trailer I’m gonna watch I want the rest to be a surprise
Wow, Toy Story supports RTX 3080 now. Awesome!
Get a new AG this dictator of yhe mornong is not suitable fpr  contact with human beings. TemoRemove this Klown  fro. Office a d set Nikon axsharp.pencil  for offendi h parents.
After 2 decades and an amazing cartoon, we're finally getting his origin story
omg
I THINK THIS IS THE START OF EVERY TOY'S DEFINITIVE STORY HERE... HOPING FOR OTHER TOYS TO HAVE A MOVIE LIKE THIS! YAHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! WHAT'S THE NEXT TOY YOU WANT TO HAVE LIKE THIS.. comment below
I really liked how they edited the Star-man track in This trailer wish it was longer
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!!!!
Quick question, why does he have what's clearly a fighter ship? (Judging by the overall shape, and way the cockpit has one of those electronic targeting things in the front)
The hype train is coming guys hype train!! This movie is honestly awesome you gotta admit it’s so high quality and where really curios what’s going to happen!’ I give this movie a 10/10 I will watch this movie in theaters that’s for sure. It’s also interesting that Pixar or any movies can get so high quality and very good editing to it’ back to 1995 and now this this is truly amazing and outstanding!
Visually looks amazing
Who here remembers the old TV show?
1:17 Emperor Zurg?
I DID NOT EVEN REALIZE THIS WAS ABOUT BUZZ UNTIL I SAW THE SUIT! So cool, this is gonna be an awesome movie!
:D
But that's not his voice!!!???
Reminder that some guy named these movies and gets a six figure salary for it.
Your just a toy!
Is Zurg in this? I'd be intrigued to see what he looks like
Now all we need is a movie all about Woody, how he became the sheriff and the law breakers he had to bring down along the way.
This makes me feel sad for some reason. I have no idea why
Can we talk about this animation? Absolutely stunning and breathtaking! Hope the movie plot is good itself
Toystory.
I'm gonna watch this just to see them finish that sentence.
Plot twist he ain’t a toy in this movie he real
Woody: “Buzz look, a legend!”  Buzz: “Where?”  Woody: “I’m looking straight at ‘em, partner”
Finally
OMG
So surreal and well made! Like something out of Super Smash Bros Brawl…😳😳😳
Don't you get it?! You see da hat?! I'm mrs. NESBITT! Huehuehuehuehue
Infinity and beyond
I really hope that this movie is as good as the other Toy Story movies.
Looks good! I hope they make a cowgirl Jessie one!
Wow... Did not expect this.  Definitely a surprisingly pleasant treat.  Chris Evans does a better Buzz then I was expecting and I can't say this return to Buzz's hopeful universe isn't needed.  I just hope Pixar isn't drinking the post-modernist deconstructionist kool aid on this project.  We could use some genuine optimism for a change.
INSANE
SPACE ODDITY AND BUZZ LIGHTYEAR, i think im in love
My child self needs this and so does my current self
Can we talk about this animation? Absolutely stunning and breathtaking! Hope the movie plot is good itself
Buzz Lightyear is a guy......not a toy? Well, this will be different. Kinda reminds me of the Buzz Lightyear cartoon. Wait, is Zurg gonna be in this?
End of the movie it cuts to Andy or that one chick playing with him
He looks right out of magic mike
Plottwist: The entire movie is an imagination of some kid playing with toy spaceships and buzz lightyear action  figure.
LightYear 2: Rise of Emperor Zurg 🦹🏾‍♂️ SUMMER 2023
21:9 trailer hello futureee
Cant wait to cry 😌
Toy Story with RTX
This trailer goes hard, feel free to screen record
Is every character in this trailer a certain color? Like always So much propaganda pushed. You can't get 5 seconds in without a giant close up of ones face - is it them you are hyped for or is it for Buz Lightyear? apparently he is the only one of his kind - just like every big budget western movie makes it appear. Another flop in Chaynuh atleast. Propaganda
amazing
“To infinity and beyond!”
Interesting…
this looks awesome
Amazing.
Finally... I've been waiting since Toy Story 1.. really wanna know the story about each toy Andy have..
Omg
It’s interesting that buzz looks something like the doom guy and Steve Rogers with the lightyear suit on
Why did you make buzz photo real it looks uncanny
Nahhh.. Really?
Woody Be Like : Bruh Man I Wished I Get A Movie Like This Tooo Bruh I Hate You Guzz
How long has it been...2 decades?...Pixar ain't NEVER gonna quit on the money this franchise rakes in...not complaining though...
SweEtT!
Think im gonna cry
Yes, I'm crying! You should be too!
Ah yes my favorite non realeased movie, Toy story 4
I’m curious if this movie about buzz has some kind of connection to toy story.
Wow so it’s an actual movie, I thought this was fan-made for memes when I first heard about it
That moment where the spin off looks better than the original
No
I'm SO gonna watch this!
It would be pretty crazy if at the end of the movie it's buzz crash landing on Andy's bed.
My childhood 😢
BUZZ HAS HAIR ?!
years of academy training wasted
So is Buzz Lightyear more like Commander Shepard or Hal Jordan? It appears as though he started off in a human space program, but Star Command appears to be alien in origin.
This is how I actually imagined space travel to be in my mind
En una parte atraviesa aros, ¿será un fracaso?
Can we talk about this animation? Absolutely stunning and breathtaking! Hope the movie plot is good itself
Toy story, Star wars edition...
This is the Best tráiler ever and I'm Shure the movie will to
Imagine being named by a tire
Can't wait for the Sequel: WOODY 🌳
The origin story of the action figure.
hype
I think That is a movie that people watch in toy story universe  Since they are a fan They create buzz toys  Which Buzz Lightyear is one of them
Is this BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
I have a feeling I’m gonna be in tears throughout the movie
All those years I thought Buzz had purple hairs.
Looks bad
this might the best trailer i seen as a toy story fan
AND WHAT?!?!?! THE SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME
To infinity and beyond
Imagine that Andy was just playing with buzz at the end of the movie
I’m really hoping that that, in-Toy-Story-universe, this is a “based on real events” movie
*I expect a Pixar cowboy movie about Woody and Jesse soon after*
So is Zurg confirmed or nah?
ive watched this like 5 times lol
I'm still waiting to see Emperor Zurg
I have one question : is Emperor Zurg gonna be part of this? 😁
Beyond.
So earlier today I'm 23 btw my mom told me there's a movie about buzz and I looked on my tablet and I was all like god you weren't kidding
I love buzz lightyear so much I made paladin dance armor buzz lightyear with a little bit of warhammer touch.
Board room conversation: This character we created for a kids movie has been an icon for 26 years now. How do we reflect the growth, change, and maturity that those people have gone through? Everyone: Plus it.
… dude
WHAT IS THIS WERE WOODY???.
amogus
Aka Top Gun made by Pixar
The cats name is sox :O (Put on cc)
I would have preferred a Mr. Potato Head origin story as he was a well known savage who conquered Ireland at some point in history.
Finally a movie about my favorite toy but he's a human and an actual astronaut
where is Zurg?
Dislike. Chega desenho de computador, o melhor é desenho a lápis seus animais.
Everyone hearing starman: OMG DAVID BOWIE 😁 All of us Wes Anderson hipsters hearing the closing instrumetal: Are you finding what you were looking for; Out here with me? 😏
Disney?? Pixarr??
I can tell that more adults are gonna watch this than kids
what was the purpose of him going around the sun?
What a song choice
It was perfect until i heard his voice.
Oh no! Disney is making a movie based on the Disney cartoon,not Toy story movie,but the cartoon show. That’s means his friends/characters from the show are coming back! Mira,Booster,XR and villains and others!🌌📺🥺😰😱
Six million views after one day, sufficeth to say, this is some good stuff.
This reminds me too much of Kerbal Space Program
I’m putting down money now—last line of the movie is gonna be “to infinity and beyond.”
FINALLY….Im literally crying with happiness…..not only does it look great but the entire plot of the movie isn’t in the trailer you guys 😭🙌🏾
Now it’s time for Woody to get his movie!!!   “Woody’s Round up”!!!
I hope the whole movie has the same tone as this trailer
If zorg isn't in this I'm not watching it.
Ok im excited for this looking forward to it ❤
Can't wait!!
Nobody seems to have pointed out the names in the captions, so here I am: The cat is named Sox The woman in the last shot is named Alicia
BRO NUMBER 1 ON TRENDING BRUH
This looks so cursed-
0:06 _joe biden_
OMG Its The real buzz lightyear
Why a chill is running all my back and some kind of liquid is comming out my eyes... WHY?...
the most unsatisfying ending to a trailer ever
I'm not gonna knock it cuz it a movie for children and I'm a grown man but lol his head is so big! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
1:18 That's 100% Zurg and his robots
This movie has so much potential It would be so cool if they made emperor Zurg the villain
POV: your playing with your toy spaceship uncle Rick got you
This pick goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Wonder what Pixar’s style will be 15 years from now
The voice needs to be Tim Allen and nobody can convince me otherwise...
I’m warning you Pixar……DONT DO THIS your literally gonna lose your payments so pls dont
How bout that chin dimple, right?
Looks great!!!'
I'm so ready for Pixar's Dark Universe
To infinity… …and beyond.
I’m glad we didn’t see the whole movie in just a trailer
to infinity and
No Tim Allen, No watch. That simple folks.
Finally. Something to look forward to in 2022.
Toy Story: RTX On
This looks like Pixar's best film yet! I can't wait
Oh there goes my childhood, looks like I'll be reliving it all over again.
This reminds me of that old Buzz Lightyear of Star Command cartoon.   I wonder if that’s what this movie is based on/inspired from?
Me seeing this on #1 Trending: this does put a smile on my face
Buzz lightyear looks like puffy Tom Cruise.
No wayy, this is literally so amazing!
Wait this is real?? I thought this was just a render going about?!
I look at this and can't help but be stunned speechless at how far Pixar has come since Toy Story.
Imagine what Zurg’s gonna look like in this.
Imagine when Woody is here
I think its buzz lightyear
I got a good feeling about this
1:28 when you buy an expensive graphics card but it’s to realistic
Why are my eyes sweaty
This is EXTREMELY unnecessary..
This is the #1 trending
I expect the real woody might go with the buzz boy
I wonder how Sora will react to "real-life" Buzz in Kingdom Hearts 5...    Eh, it'll probably just make him question reality yet again.
Idk why but I'm here for it
This feels more like Marvel or Star wars than Pixar does anyone else think that?
Dose this mean Buzz Lightyear of Star Command is finally coming to blue ray in anticipation to the movie!
No Tim Allen ?
It's not Tim Allen, it's not Buzz Lightyear.
He kinda looks like Mr.Incredible
Notice at 0:52 how Buzz lightyears’ shirt says, “property of star command” and how the cat Buzz owns is a robot, what if Buzz is a robot as well who was created only to test pilot the new ship
i cant stop watching this trailer
드디어 버즈가 우주로~~~^^
"Don't worry guys, we made up for him being a white man."
What's next? A Sheriff Woody origins movie? Ridiculous.
Where’s Tim Allen
Hold up
OMG!!!
Whoa…this puts a whole new light on buzz… ✨amazing✨
Our childhood hero is back.
This animation looks out of this world! *literally*
do a Woody Movie what the toys was bast on
Bruh I thought this movie was about toy
YES!
I would watch this and especially laugh if at the end of the movie they pull out to a pan shot of the toys as buzz is telling a story of Star command.
"Aanant se bhi aage"
HEY GUYS LOOK, ITS THE REAL BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!!!
What??!!!!!!
STOP WHY AM I CRYING
Wow the cgi just keeps getting better and better it looks almost real but still like a cartoon. Mind blowing comparing to the first toy story movie.
I wonder if this new kind of sequel story telling will affect Pixar's behaviour of getting a good moral in the story
Watched this teaser 30 times already and I'm still loving every second of it.
tim allen would have been the better choice. hard pass.
No.
#NOTMYBUZZ
#NOTMYBUZZ
#NOTMYBUZZ
Why is buzz light year Chris Evan’s it should be actual buzz light year
thats not buzz, thats Mrs. Nesbitt
Where’s Woody?
For some reason i got huge wall-e vibes
hopefully they will acknowledge buzz lightyear of star command.
Music is good where from?
im not sure how i feel about seeing buzz lightyear without the suit
... your mom!
LEGEND
If you think this is good cant wait for a human woody
Buzz: to infinity- H2O Delirious: AND DELIRIOUS!
Plot twist: this was all in kids imagination from playing with a buzz lightyear toy
Uhhh.....
Captain America goes to space… Again
At 1:01 I wonder if that giant structure in the background is the construction of a Star Command Headquarters like from the Original show and from the ride at Disneyland🤔
I’m so excited!
To Infinity and...
What a great idea, next a western with Woody and Jessie
Is nice to see that Pixar is fan of Bungie's Long Night of Solace cutscene soo much they copied it one to one.
this might be the only childhood memory they won't ruin for us after ruining sonic, home alone etc
Tim Allen is Buzz
Okay but Chris evans and David Bowie???? Two of my favorite people omg
0:56 XR is that you???
trash
what is this 😭😭😭
is this the multiverse??? bro doesn't look like he's from toy story
this movie looks so bad
aahh pixar at its finest
#notmybuzz
#notmybuzz
#NotMyBuzz
shouldve put in the arms of ocaine over it
#NOTMYBUZZ
#NOTMYBUZZ
This is #1 On trending for me :o
#NOTMYBUZZ
I just want zurg and hopefully the aliens to appear
#NOTMYBUZZ
*Plot Twist:* It's just Buzz's dream.
#NOTMYBUZZ
#NOTMYBUZZ
#NOTMYBUZZ
I hope Chris Evan could at least do some good voice acting. Most celebrity voice acting are terrible
Special new movie
ITS BUZZ LIGHTYEAR WITH RTX
If emperor Zurg ain’t in it it’s a flop tbh, but this movie looks amazing!!
I might actually go see this
This is a certified hood classic
I hope this is like the tv show I watched as a child <3
This is it guys.
“See you space cowboy”
#notmybuzz
#notmybuzz
#notmybuzz
#notmybuzz 🚫
Did everyone forget about the TV show?
WE BETTER SEE ZURG IN THIS
I absolutely can’t wait! I haven’t got much sleep from my excitement after seeing this for the first time
#1 on overall trending
#NOTMYBUZZ ✊🏼
Wait isn’t light year lighting McQueens tire company?
So many good films coming out next year. This is one of them.
Dear Pixar, I absolutely love this and now have a reason to look forward for 2022. Thankyou, I love you.
I want it
Broken Marriage/10
This looks incredible! I’m sold!
I'm 37 and this old head is spinning watching it
Honestly was hoping for the TOY buzz to get his own movie.. toy buzz is way cooler imo. On the other hand, a real life woody western movie would be sick!
Not gonna lie. Kinda heated they didn't finish the catchphrase at the end there. But that personally makes me want to watch this movie even more.
This is beautiful. I've looked at this for 7 hours.
This trailer has “The Martian” Vibes. Can’t wait to see it!
Seinen, Goty, 10/10, master piece
is this… a serious animated disney movie??
buzz light year YESSSSS
Isn’t lightyear supposed to be a toy not a 6,0 height human
Now we need a movie about Woody!
Zurg: "Hail Hydra" Buzz: "Wait what?"
i bet this will end with “andy, it’s time for dinner”
Next we'll have a no nonsense bounty hunter who changes to a heart of gold sheriff named Woody, serving a supernatural town located in literal nowhere filled with anyone but normal people including intelligent fauna and flora which he protects from any that would want to capture and exploit them, and the first antagonist is a prospector named Stinky Pete
I want to see a Woody VS Buzz movie in the up coming years
chad buzz
When does the Woody movie come out? I need to see how he got the snake in his boot.
Why does he look like buzz?
Now imagine an action adventure video game based on this for the new current gen consoles and PC.
If buzz had tourette's: "five, four, three, twoO" Buzz: "OOOO INFINITY AND BEYOND"
...Beyond!
Beyond
Anybody else notice the Blade Runner 2049 imagery with the orange tint?
I thought this was lord farquad for a bit
I want an ending with Andy and woody that would be some nostalgic moments right there
No Tim, no watch. If they make a Woody movie Tom hanks better not be apart of it. I’m pretty upset about this.
It’s 2021 not 2022
Woody......you're next.
Mr incredible  ;-;
RIP David Bowie
Tim Allen will always be the better voice actor for Buzz Lightyear than Chris Evans, let's go Brandon!
It’s Weird To See Buzz Without Woody :(
Without woody this is weird
Crimson Chin origin story?
Getting some REAL Farscape vibes here.  And I love it.
It looks cool but I wish it was its own thing instead of trying to be connected to the toy story movies
So if this is the real Buzz Lightyear whom the toy and presumably the cartoon was based on, does that mean his father is the real Emperor Zurg?
Ah yes the soundtrack.....The Martian vibes 💯
This has an eerie resemblance to Noble Six from Halo reach launching into space
so what kind of origin is this? toy lore where toys are actually real or smth
YOURE. A. TOY!!!
So Buzz is a real astronaut :’)  I know the toy is still the toy but something about this makes me happy that in the toy story universe he was actually based from a real hero 💕
the trailer looks great but where is the blue girl and the little robot? :(
How unoriginal, can I get in like to not see it...
I'm anticipating this movie like a little child! Can't wait to see it! 😊😊😊
I wish this movie came out when I was a kid. this looks great!
I never new I needed this till now
I'm excited to see Zurg
David Bowie ❤️
Ad Victoriam soldier..
So they're reusing the Interdimensional Portal platform from Big Hero Six as a launch pad?
I thought I was looking at a Half-Life mod for a sec. It looks like something Valve would make! xD But enough about that I’m a big Pixar fan and I’m really looking forward to seeing this movie.
Anyone else think it looks like a trade federation starship on Geonosis at 0:49?
Imagine this: the end of the movie buzz is on the the bed and he sees Andy's face
This making me cry when I see it probably it’s Pixar so probably
Is that Coaxium?
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
0:44 fuel scoop engaged
To infinity and beyond.
Don't like it. It doesn't serve a purpose that the animated didn't  already achieve. The don't take place in the same universe, I don't see why he would need a high tech suit that shoots laser beams with a jet pack if it isn't for the same reason as the animated one. I don't care for it this could've  been great if they stuck to the animated series, with Zurg, Mira Nova, Booster and XR included. I would've dropped money for that real fast.
"Do you wanna lodge a complaint with Star Command!?!?"
Its the real lightyear. Buzz lightyear just action figure lightyear. I think Super idol的笑容都没你的甜八月正午的阳光都没你耀眼热爱 105 °c的你滴滴清纯的蒸馏水你不知你有多可爱跌倒后会傻笑着再站起你从来都不轻言失败对梦想的执着一直不曾改很安心 当你对我说不怕有我在放着让我来勇敢追自己的梦想那坚定的模样
A day later and it’s still the top trended video here! Hope this keeps up.😁
OMG He actually got hair!
So, they just undid the whole Buzz Lightyear of Star Command show? Boo.
Looks like a combination of CGI and Supermarionation!
Wow Buzz more look human😎 You are not toys
This kind of looks like call of duty
Can't wait to see EVIL EMPEROR ZURG
Tigerkingcoin to the moon!
imagine a Woody's woundup standalone film
This movie is giving me chills already, this is making me very nostalgic and it’s only the trailer 🥺.
Wait.... that's not Tim Allen?
Fua los gráficos que buenoos dios que buenos mas graficos
Amazing movie that's coming. However you guys realize that Disney recently is just reusing old songs right? They're not putting any effort to make their own theme songs, either because they're using that effort to make the movie good, or because they can't be bothered to do so, like many movies nowadays.
Duck Fisney!
Next thing you know buzz landed on Andy bed
To INFINITY ANF BEYOND!  You got a friend in me
Huh
Can't wait to see how this fits into the Pixar theory :)
1:17 those robots on the side are the robots from the beginning of Toy Story 2 during the video game that Rex was playing
i hope theyre not using chris evans instead off tim allen because of politics and just because hes supposed to be younger
My Friend Caelan From Elementary School Likes Lightyear. 🦸
gotta love david bowie his always the legend of the music💜
Let’s just hope this won’t be ruined by Elsagate like Luca
In case you were wondering the song is called: starman
This pic goes so hard, feel free to screenshot
Starman remix is perfect
Please let Tim Allen have something to do with this movie!
Imagine the ending is Andy was making up the story the whole time lol. That would be a big surprise
Chris Evans? What happened to his iconic voice by Tim Allen???
I have such ridiculously high hopes for this movie. I don't care about toy story but 1 thing I always enjoyed were the episodes of  Buzz lightyear of Star Command  Watching that I always thought he was silly but cool and he was a great hero and this feels like his origin story. I hope they stay as far away as possible in referring to the toy story universe and just kinda make this stand on its own
Sooo, does Toy Story take place in 2022 then?
Buzz Lightyear Flies In To The Sun *THE END!*
I feel its like Disney is developing a new Toy Story Universe and makes a toy to be a real person or real things.Im will wait untill their making a Woody origin story just like this and other toys for sure
Why?
I still miss Tim Allen tho.
Ooh, one of my favorite David Bowie songs in the trailer!
I kinda hope they try and make this feel like a 90s movie, or at least add some 90s tropes or references. It seems to be the movie the Buzz Lightyear toy character is based off of, and Toy Story came out in 1995, so I feel like doing that would add some extra layers to it.
This trailer is just too perfect
i swear this movie is going to end with buzz saving humanity or something like that, then they make a toy in his memory , and it cuts to a shot of andy’s friend buying it for him
I would like to go to theaters and watch this , but the theaters here are closed , plus I'm broke.Whens the game coming out? I know yall are gonna make a game. 😏😂 I like that song. lol
This will be Toy Story in 2013
youre not supposed to get that closed to the sun for a gravity assist
💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝🥰
We need a black per oh Nevermind I literally just saw the black ni at the end I knew all good movies need black people
paladin danse the movie
BEYOND!!!
Beyond!
does the space ranger suit looks like the doom slyaer's armor or is that just me
Someone brought up Zerg in a comment referencing Captain America. However, that does bring up the question of whether or not Zerg will be the films Main Antagonist or will this story be original and separate from the Original Star Command/Toy Story lore. 🤔
There's definitely a conspiracy in Star Command that goes all the way to the top, and Buzz is going to be the one to uncover it.
Yep im excited to see this
My friend today said my personality was like the red headed cowgirl from toy story
i literally heard the last “and” as “assemble”🤣
Um ok Im down for this but why isnt Tim Allen playing Buzz? Thats one of his longest running characters hes played for over a decade now.
Imagine saying that you know buzz back then and some spoiled kid say "You don't know buzz" even though you've seen the first toy story film.  Outer than that, this is SPECTACULAR!  CANT WAIT  I wish there was a scene where buzz gets back on earth, and maybe from afar, there was a cowboy that saw him going down earth but doesn't really show who is the cowboy, but just the silhouette of him.
It's like a distant memory I never knew I had
OH MY GOD THIS IS AMAZING OH MY GOD THIS IS AGHHHASDJVBASJHVBEJKBABDCACBIAUHDFAUNWCONI
Why does he looks like Doomguy?
I already watched it because we had a special screening
Here's a question that'll boggle your minds:           Is Buzz a toy or a human? (No seriously though)
.. and beyond :')
WHAAAAT!!!!??😱😱😱 a Toy Story spinoff. Recreating memories from the originals🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥
One thing I’m going to think about is the whole “I am your father”…
Now THIS is how u do it. Pixar is BACK
Everyone gangsta until  Emperor Zurg arrives in 4k HD.
New star wars movie looking fire ngl
awesome but can u pls stop adding songs to trailers, it kind of disrupts the "epicness." or if u do add, plz add epic songs, something with big horns and big drums. hope this helps!
I’m crying
getting some big Elite Dangerous vibes from this
I'm a sucker for SciFi. I'm excited to see Pixar do a take on a solely Science Fiction themed story.
A Pixar sci-fi epi... sounds pretty cool!
Omg the craft is looks almost like gradius aircraft the viper 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Legit can't wait for it
Buzz Lightyear on Dagobah? I guess
I feel some type of way that Tim Allen won’t be buzz but I’m looking forward to it!
disney animations are getting so realistic they’re starting to almost look real
Cooooooooool!!!!!!! Bugs Lightyear own movies without other Toy Story characters! I will waiting!!!
are we gonna see the "I am your father" scene?
Sheesh nice cut g
It’s so beautiful I’m crying
ok wow
toy story + rtx = lightyear
Sooo.... He's not a toy? The toy story buzz toy was based off a real person? In the toy story universe?  What?
Disney: so you don’t wanna do any more toy story movies TOM HANKS… ok no problem
This will most definetly make Pixar history
al fin por fin
Original voice actor not in the movie  “Years of academy training wasted!😭”     Just kidding I love Chris Evens altho it will take some getting used to.    He also better have at least one airhead moment while I enjoy “some delicious hot Smoes”
If it weren't by Disney, it would probably be a good movie.
I always wanted a Buzz Lightyear movie ever since I saw the opening of Toy Story 2 with the Buzz video game. I am very excited for this to come out.
Sure why not
You are TOY! U understand that, Buzz! You are TOY!!!
I dont know why this makes me so happy. I just started high school, and I've been a huge fan of Toy story since Pre-k. Its amazing that they just keep making more movies. Really warms my heart to see this amazing franchise is still getting content.
I thought he was a toy
1:02 ummm- Lieutenant Mattias? From Frozen 2?
Don't worry everyone, these are happy tears
Kinda looks like one of those "if Michael bay directed" videos. But still going to go take the kids to watch it.
Literally didn't know there was this coming out but I am happy.
When buzz's hair isn't purple  ._.
THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Buzz be like in RTX
Still milking the cash cow?
HES TOO REALISTIC
Willing to ride Mission Space at Disney for 24 hours in buzz costume to see this on red carpet premier night.
For Pete's sake. LET TOY STORY GO.
2022 gonna be crazy for movies
The origin of Buzz before he became a toy.
Nobody remembers that 2D Buzz Lightyear movie there was or was it a dream?
Next, they're going to make a movie called “Woody.” I would like that, actually.
I never thought in 19 years i ever wanted this but here we are
Am I the only one who had no idea about this movie???
Zaku 2 and Char's Zaku 2!??? 1:17
is the girl at the end called "we Wuz Lightyear"?
I don't get it.  If this is the origin story for the toy Andy has been playing with, then what year is Andy living in?  Buzz is living off world, and Andy's mom is driving the car from Terminator 2.  I can't imagine Andy living in a world where interplanetary space travel was already a thing before he was born.
Well this is... Better than I thought it would be. Props to Disney
Beyond
How could this no be Tim Robbins?
I'm not usually fond of anything Hollywood since more than 10 years ago, but things like this always catch my attention. And i wasn't expecting something like this, so... Yeah! I'm in!
"No, Buzz...I am your father."
Ngl. I kinda wanna see this movie
Never imagined seeing Buzz's hair
They made a movie about Joe Swanson from the family guy
And Buzz wakes up from a dream and he's still a toy
Expected this to be a Disney+ series a surprise to be sure but a welcome one
Seeing that they dropped the real buzzy Disney can go jump in a river! Tim Allen is the only buzz !
You know 2 things that would make this movie awesome? 1 zurg is the main villain 2 if the movie starts with andy and his mom at the movies buying popcorn and watching the movie .
what
This movie looks beautiful
I kinda hope this leads to a reskinning of the Mission Space attraction. The Gary Sinise version was great, and Gina Torres is awesome (though her Green Team is super boring), but what kid DOESN’T want to be a Space Ranger?
I thought he was a toy?
Looks like Pixar found more ways to make money off their IP
then woody movie?
No inclusion forzada please , si hay algun LGTB no esten recordandole a la gente cada 5 mins que es LGTB déjenlo ser y ya
Pixar : What if Story has Story in it, and we film the story inside a story.
As a 30-something who watched Buzz Lightyear of Star Command over and over and over as a kid (and still does on occasion)… THANK YOU DISNEY/PIXAR!
Yoooooooo
What if... Buzz light-year was real?
😂😂😂
this just touched all of our childhoods
This movie goes hard feel free to screenshot
Statement: A Worthy Meatbag
*everyone liked that*
Am I the only one excited for zurg?
Next thing you know we're gonna get an origin on the character that inspired the woody toy
Twist ending. Gets lost in space to a different dimension and ends up in the Toy story universe as a action figure.
And from that moment we knew, they’re back.
i can sense how hard im gonna cry
I am *going* to cry
resumen, disney quiere mas dinero, y va a destrozar toda saga que compre hasta agotarla
This looks sick
I am obsessed with this. Cannot stop watching and imagining the possibilities.
Please have Zurg. You know starcraft almost didn't have Zerg because Toy Story.
This is actually pretty cool
Ok I am really looking forward to this and all but through out the teaser all I could think of is where is Zerg?  Just me…? Ok
David bowie is simply amazing ❤️
He has hair?!
Usually when I see trailers for animated movies I cringe, but this looks amazing.
Woody: it's the "real" buzz light-year Buzz: you're mocking me aren't you Woody: oh no no no
The movie looks great.
*Yooooooo!!!*
This gives me hope that Toy Story 5 is on schedule.
This is so cool
i'm excited  for  the  movie  but  why choose  this  song, it sounds bad
it would actually be cool if there's another toy story and basically it's all the toys universes  basically buzz's universe is in the future woodsy universe is in the west wouldn't that be cool?
No creen que el antagonista no sería zurg el enemigo de buzz sería bien chido
1:27 She's name is Alicia
All my years I've been waiting for this day to come. It is finally here!
Wow! They really have run out of ideas
So... is nobody going to mention that Buzz is interacting with a toy cat?
origin story = toy made in china
They have made Buzz awesome
This movie made me cry
$PROG stock about to rip 🙄🚀
Looks awesome 😎
Great choice of song. Bowie would be proud
To infinity and beyond guys 😤
After Buzz will be Woody ..I hope …but I don’t know who else could be next …Stretch or whatever the slinky dog was named
They literally copied star wars
2023: Woody, an epic cowboy adventure 🤠
i absolutely adore how the lyrics in the song are reminiscent of the toy story films, especially the line "let the children lose it, let the children use it".
starman 🚀
bro, the "starman" is hella suit to this teaser
bowie 🖤
So buzz lightyear is hot not🥲🥲
I cant wait for woody to get his own movie after this
Hello paladin
I've missed Buzz lightyear. This is an awesome comeback.
The fact that he only sead "to infinity" and didn't finish hurt my feelings wayyyy more than it should have
日本同時公開してくれるといいな 楽しみです😊
This kind of looks like a animated star wars rip off
Zurg better be the villain
So Woody is next right?
The poor people that disliked this did not have a child hood
If the end-boss isn't Zurg, we riot.
I've legit watched this trailer like 30 times already. This reminds me of how I felt when I watched Wall-e's first teaser... it gonna be so good.
Woah , the animations are superb ! 🤩
Wow
I was going to make a joke about Buzz Lightyears origin movie... but then the trailer kept going. I'm genuinely excited for some space adventure.
0:12 that looks like the coaxium hyperfuel from Star Wars
Looks great. I was thinking buzzlight year of star command.
1:17 PLEASE TELL ME THAT'S WARP DARKMATTER!!!!!!
...... No offence to Chris Evans.  He's captain America.. Tim Allen is buzz lightyear.  Boycott buzz lightyear or remake captain America with Tim allen.
ª
ª
Bro that chin is on another level
Clearly Buzz has a serious relapse post Toy Story 4… 😂
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya!
Almost caught a cramp from the excitement of seeing this notification about Buzz.
I know you see Zurg bots in this trailer but if the man himself ain’t in this movie I’m done with Pixa.
I CAN’T STOP WATCHING THIS TRAILER I’M SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh I am hyped!
Won't be the same without Tim Allen tbh
Where’s Zurge?
crazy plot twist buzz has a new kid and the kid is controlling this :0
To infinity and beyond
The fact they only had one line of dialog from Evans tells me he probably didn't do a very good job of it.
you have our permission to milk the toy story franchise as much as you like
What is this song I need to know
they should remaster the first 2 movies
Am soo exited for this.
Pixar hired that man
E.        7uvftxxuzygicuc8. Ygrfrckqlqlwowlwl láaalwlwlwlwlaaalalalaoalaalalaalalalaal lwsallwlaoawlwlowwowoswldlaslslelwlsooszkzkyyu yyccf  edtedcgrgyyvvgv hv.  Falamos
It would be so cool if Tim Allen makes some kind of a cameo
Ok guys is buzz lightyear new adventures movie coming up called lightyear Pixar 2022 i love 😘
Perfect
Parents: aww look at him playing with his toys!                    What the kid sees:
Just let the big boys, Like Pixar, Dreamworks, Sony Animation. Do their thing. You know...Big corporations have their toys to play with? xD And we small boys only have a $1k laptop installed with Unity and Blender. So I am going to do my thing well. ^^
At 0:11 it looks exactly like Coaxium hyperfuel from Star Wars.
I’m only here to see if that picture of him double cheeked up was real 😈
I've waited years for one of these guys to have their spotlight moment!!!!!
To infinity and ...  Chris Evans: Endgame??
To infinity and SUMMER 2022
Fail.... Where is tim allen...🤦‍♂️
0:58 is that Dagobah lol
Woddy: YOU ARE A TOYS!! Buzz:  Not again
Oh he didn't say and beyond this movie is bad already 😡
Now with hair
This looks like it has great potential as a concept, but the trailer isn’t exactly supporting that.
Lowkey gonna wake up at the end in Andy's room!
I'm getting so much Childhood Nostalgia and it ain't just from "Toy Story," but also the "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" Animated Movie and T.V. Series.
Why no Tim Allen? Disappointed he's not voicing Buzz
You mean to tell me Buzz wasn't bald this whole time?!!!!!
THIS IS 2 ON TRENDING BRO
Disney is finally doing something right
I don't hate this. I thought I would hate this, but I don't. Huh.
1:19 Are those Zakus from Mobile Suit Gundam?
here's my prediction for how the movie might end.  after Buzz makes a sacrifice and blasts himself into space in front of his crew he awakens on a dust planet filled with sand. while Buzz is looking around this sandy planet two cowboy boots appear in front of him as we hear the iconic line 'reach for the sky.' before the screen fades to black.
Seems awesome! Can't wait to watch it!!! 😍😍😍  (9 months later) Yup. LOVED IT!!!
Is going realistic really the way to go?
Anyone know the song name?
To infinity and Summer 2022
If Zorg comes out at 1:17-1:18 I'll cry
1:21
Well, honey, that just touched all the feels, my love.
Thanks for the movie. 💕
Now we know Benny’s (from the lego movie) favorite movie
Recent movies like to SPACE out
felt some goosebumps because of starman, hope it plays in the movie
Another major plot for the Pixar Cinematic Universe
so this movie tells us why the toy buzz lightyear became famous within toy storyverse
Ok this looks really good.
wow
캬....
To infinity and WHAAAAAT??? TO INFINITY AND WHAT? YOU CANT LEAVE ME ON A CLIFF HANGER LIKE THAT!!!!
STAR WARS
Aw dude, imagine they do movies based on what the characters are from in Toy Story. Like Woody getting his own Movie or show would be cool
I'm ready.
Yo Zurg is finally going to be the main villain of a Pixar movie
I love the honor and representation some space themed movies have using David Bowie’s songs. RIP Major Tom.
The end credits scene better zoom out of an old tv and show Rex and Hamm arguing 🤣
My Top 5 Chris Evans' Best Roles 1st Captain America 2nd Curtis Everett 3rd Buzz Lightyear  4th Johnny Storm  5th Lucas Lee
This looks good actually
Ugh.
Chris Evans as Buzz Lightyear Chris Pratt as Mario  Me : at this point I'll believe Hemsworth will voicing Sonic
They used voice lines from apllo 13 from the 1990s in the check list
Here's hoping that Disney puts the old Buzz Lightyear cartoon on the streaming service
There next trailer song should be “Rocketman” by Elton John.
How dare they replace Tim Allen.
this is going to be legendary
I am a 49 year old man and this gave me chills from remebering my kids growing up with Buzz as their hero
MENUJU TAK TERBATAS DAN MELAMPAUINYAAA
To infinite, and beyond
Man I really hope we get a western TV series styled like this for Woody’s Roundup. Already picturing what that’d be like
Nice
Zurg HAS to be in this, I loved him as a kid
Woody: the movie   Clint Eastwood the voice and he’s a gunslinger looking for bobees. Fingers crossed.
Starring: Chris evans aka steven grant rogers
Time travel crossover with Woody's round up. .
The goosebumps I had in the end, totally looking forward to this!
Now woody western film
The living form suggestively gaze because cello comprehensively stare versus a adamant timbale. hateful, invincible vermicelli
Who else finished the sentence out loud ? 🤣.
Aaaaand re-branding of Space Mountain ride in 3, 2, 1....
I got bored watching trailer. I can imagine how boring the movie is
Seriously? Not even one little mention of the star wars references?!
Wooaah i'm like lightyear
this is what andy imaginated
If like, every little bit of lore Buzz Lightyear mentioned in the first 2 toy story movies is referenced/paid off here, I'm gonna flip
Então ele é
but like... why?
Why everybody beside Buzz is black?
Idk what it is about Starman but ANYTIME it is used cinematically, IT IS AMAZING!
So this is happening now
Where is Tim the Tool Man Taylor
Buzz has a dad.
he had a massive glow up 🤣🤣🤣
Plot Twist: Buzz Lightyear was a real astronaut, and we are following the real-life Buzz throughout the movie, and he ends up sacrificing himself. People hear of his journey and create the toy Buzz Lightyear, and Emporer Zurg.
Getting mega Dagobah swamp vibes
No dialogue or talking in this movie? :)
I remember when my brother and me would play toy story 3 on our wii and we would constantly replay the buzz lightyear game where you venture out into the unknown, explore, and defeat Zerg and his minions. This movie is like a dream come true.
Ok this actually looks amazing
Zurg as the villain ??
As a grown up now, raised on toy story. This is something special.
Star Wars and Buzz Lightyear combined. But: https://youtu.be/zDUV00sRa5s
Wild
This movie should have Zurg.
To infinity…and the moon?
Where is zurg
RIP OFF TOE STOERY COMBINE WITH STARWAYAS 0
🔥
Lily C.A.T. Vibes
No tim no buzz
this is gonna be a classic for like kids that are 4 years old just how the original cars was for me
kto od lakarnuma??
Boss late ear
1:01 my mind is blown!
This looks amazing, as a 25 year old going to be 26 years old in 41 days. I feel like a kid again.. I’m so ready.
NotMyBuzz 😉
2021 A Space Odyssey
The style is different but it goes so hard
Buzz is buzzing!!!
It took a couple watch through a for me to finally notice the Zerg bots. This looks amazing and I’m really curious what this movie will be like. Pixar has never done anything quite like it before so it’s all going to be very new.
This is awesome! Buzz _finally_ gets a backstory after all these years!
so epic
This is a must watch now
Felt just like a kid again watching this
This was worth the 18 years of wait
The CG animation is beatiful! It's so amazing how realistic things that are made on computers can look.
BEEP BOOP BEEP BOOP BEEP BOOP BEEP BOOP BEEP BOOP BEEP BOOP!😂🤣🤣
Looks interesting, I wonder what kind of morally corrupt woke garbage they'll be pushing with this one?
Not sure how I feel about it not being Tim Allen. This whole thing feels...weird. Might not be bad, but it definitely feels weird...
Well this ruend my childhood
OMG
Where is Tim Allen tho
You know what?? Even though Disney kind of sucks in many ways, this actually looks very, very cool.
LET'S GO BUZZ!!!
I grew up watching the Buzz Lightyear tv show, I’m  so hyped for this 😭
I got instant flashbacks to The Martian when "Starman" started playing, which is one of my comfort movies. MAN, am I pumped for this to come out!
Anyone else ever seen that weird cartoon where Patrick Warburton voiced buzz
Oh boy! More toy merchandise.
This pic goes hard. Feel free to screenshot
Ok.  Why did I not hear Tim Allen or Patrick Warburton voice Buzz Lightyear?  Both Actors have played the character!  Please tell me they are at least in the movie!
Hope Wall-E is in it
So Buzz Lightyear is Buck Rodgers who got send into far future due to time dealation effect.  Yes, going straight to the Sun for the gravity assistance isn't as efficient as going to Jupiter first, but orbital mechanics is sometimes counter intuative.
Fusion of The Right Stuff and Flash Gordon it seems.  And nice choice in Bowie.
How many years do you guys think they spent, on this movie? Personally I’d say about 3 years.
so is this gonna be a buzz lightyear orgin story? (i know buzz from toy story is based off a character from  a movie in the toy story universe and thats what this film is)
Help this is so cool yet weird??? Probably cause of how realistic this looks...and, y’know, this is Buzz Lightyear we’re talking about: a very cartoony character-
So did they release a trailer with no actual speaking to avoid pointing out that Buzz sounds nothing like Buzz?
Pipupipupipupipu👻🌠
I can't even count how many times I have come back to watch this trailer
H A I R
1:19 please let this be zurg
Where his spanish mode?
My question is will zurg me in this ?!?!?!
It’s clear that he’s not the same Buzz Lightyear in the Toy Story movies. He’s actually the real Space Ranger Buzz Lightyear!
congratulations to pixar. because I feel that it will be the most ambitious and important project. in the history of computer animation as it will drastically change the way movies are made
Woody we need you man😞
???!
“To infinity…
Next: Woody
Greatest tire commercial of all time…
Pixar has lost it, they haven't had a good film in years. Without Tim Allen it is just a cheap cartoon.
No way! We get Buzz’s ORIGIN STORY! :0
Shoot, I just realized Buzz's reaction to the robot cat somewhat mirror's toy Buzz's "first contact" reaction to Woody in the first Toy Story.
Not that this is just a commercialized cash grab- but y’all can really stop making movies that get progressively worse for better marketing, like fr. You can have people make real art, it’s okay
0:57 i thought that was an x wing
I wonder if the pixar ball will appear in this somewhere or the pizza planet truck.
This honestly looks like a masterpiece Very excited to see it!
I’m extremely excited for this
Buzz is ruined forever ngl:(
This gives me so much Wall-E and interstellar vibes I love it. Maybe this is in the same universe like maybe this takes place many years after the end of the wall-E movie😳
what if emperor zurg is his father in the movie
The song is from the Patrick star show trailer
I really don't know how to feel right now.
I’m not down, and I don’t like the marvel actor pick, the marvel feel, and the clear cash grab this is, hope I’m wrong, but I don’t think adults are watchin this one, hope there’s no box office competition
YOU.ARE.A.TOY.
Im definitely watching it for someone who watched all the Movies
Immediate thought was why would you fly your state of the art space craft straight towards the sun!?
Chris evans is cool and all but like… Tim Allen
Buzz is getting a girlfriend 😎
Oh snap
Classic Disney milking every character
They would do anything to keep the Toy Story brand alive
I'm hoping they take on more mature tones for this movie  Edit: they did and I love it!!
Love to see Zurg be the main antagonist
I’m a sucka for a origin story 🙏🏽
Cinematic Toy Story moment
This movie goes hard, feel free to screen shot
WOW, this honestly looks so cool :)
I cant wait!
The cinematic shots are just insane and this would probably be the most mature out of all of the pixar movies besides soul. This is also gonna be pixar's third action-packed movie which is a lot. Lightyear is gonna be awesome!
I am more excited for this than any other movie coming out
I just wanted to see how Buzz looked without the helmet lol
Awesome 🤓😎
Voy a llorar, qué bonito❤
low key looks really good
Can we please have "Buzz Lightyear of star command" on Disney+ now?
i love everything about this it gave me goosebump !!!
Not a flat earther but we didn't go to the moon . With that said , I'm up for anything to spark imagination.. even a cartoon :)
Technically the gravity assist around the sun is falling…  …with style.
This put a huge smile on my face. 😄
i didn’t know buzz had hair
First I wonder if Zorg is the villain  Second image a post Credit scene where buzz crash land on Andy’s bed
What about Zurg?
Jesus..... Fortnite is gonna do a Collab I can already tell..... I swear if they do a Collab I'm am gonna go full Karen Lol...
So basically, this is the Buzz Lightyear timeline:  Movie—>Toy—>Another Movie—>TV Series  Yes, I am talking about the cartoon for the last two, *FWEEE-*
This pic goes hard feel free to screen shot
Finally a Pixar film to be really excited about!!
I wish I could live this mans life lol nice job pixar!
what Goose doing there? is there Captain Marvel? hahaha
I can see the memes already coming from this movie...
TO INFINITY AND…                                 It’s about drive, it’s about power We stay hungry, we devour Put in the work, put in the hours And take what’s ours.
No Tim Allen, so support.  Take that Disney
This is the story how buzz became a toy
Disney: we have millions of excess Buzz figurines that didn't sell... what should we do?   Chris Evans: Hold my Crystallaic Fusion reactor
Its the real buzz lightyear. Its real real one.
Actually kinda cool ngl
WHERE'S BOOSTER
This isn't buzz lightyear of star command
This looks awesome
1 day ago
0:15 Remember that one space mission from halo reach?
Wheres the woody movie?
It doesn’t always have to be a kids movie
To infinity and beyond
At the very least this trailer made me realize that I don't have Starman downloaded on my phone yet for some reason!
Meanwhile, back on earth... WOODY'S ROUND-UP
This trailer made me cry. This will be my favorite pixar movie
Seriously
Ill be going into the Navy when this movie comes out. I'll hope to see this movie when Im out of boot camp and on the ships and hope that it's awesome >:D
Tim Allen or nothing
LITERALLY: What Andy imagined as he was playing with Buzz.
I hope. They make a woody
I can't wait to watch the movie 😁😁
I AM SO PUMPED FOR THIS
"Buzz with hair is not real he can't hurt you"  Buzz with hair:
This is basically Toy Story 5 in a way...
Omg... This looks so beautiful!!!  Really, when I feel the Bowie voice... Is amazing.
I hope last scene will be: young Andy watching it all on old TV or in cinema.
Man, when I was a kid I loved that Buzz Lightyear cartoon! Remember that? This brings back those memories.
Of all the crazy ideas Pixar has come up with, this has to be the best one yet... if only they actually got Tim Allen to voice Buzz.
This pic goes hard
Spaghetti western with Woody could come out of this. There is so much at stake here folks.
Wow #1 on trending
Definitely gonna have to watch this!!!!
But where does this take place in the toy story timeline??? Woody came from a old 1960s tv show. Where does Buzz come from? The toy came out in the 90s so was the real life astronaut from the 70s since they are using a Bowie song?
I-I’m speechless.
Alex Jones Jr^2 The Movie Featuring Snake Oil Space man
This feels like a hallucination
To Infinity and Beyond!
SORA NEEDS TO MEET THIS “REALISTIC” BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! Hopefully KH4
Wow
Zurg better be in this movie
i'll definitly watch that
So we will get new Buzz meme content ?
No Booster No XR No Mira
Can we talk about this animation? Absolutely stunning and breathtaking! Hope the movie plot is good itself
buss look an alien
Just not the same without the original animation and Tim Allen
I betcha on Disney day there gonna tease us another trailer for light year but this time it’ll be trailer 2 so let’s just see what Disney has in store for us for disney day happening in November
Wonder if this means we will see other origin stories for other Toy Story characters.
I love the inclusion of starman in this trailer
Amazing
Can some one please tell me what song this is called?
*B.. BUT He's just a toy?!*
"To infinity...."   20 movies later   ".... And beyond"
There's a starman waiting in the sky
This looks so good
HE HAD BROWN HAIR?!?!?!?!?!?!?!????          I thought he was bald-
Theres the disney star wars we were waiting for...
*"Beyond."*
Sinceramente increible
this movie go hard, feel free to screen record
congratulations pixar you rebooted buzz lightyear first veggietales then thomas and now you billionaires!
だからトイ・ストーリーホテル造ったのか。
chris evans as buzz is gonna smack so hard I can’t wait for this movie love the animation of it
So its a mix of no man sky, elite dangerous and star wars, and they add just a bit of toy story… I love it !
Dogtags at 0:03 "Lightyear Buzz O Positive" . I want to know what's the writing on his shirt.... GOTTTTTTTA SEE THIS !!!!
This movie goes hard. feel free to watch it
bro this is a joke right-
Finally a classic looking Pixar movie
And beyond
Buzz lightyear of star command?
This will not disappoint for SURE
Definitely a pixar story. It looks great
Why is it so weird seeing buzz with hair?
Dagobah is that you ?
Ah I love the inclusion of David Bowie's Starman , love that song so much...
This is right on the edge of the uncanny valley
I did not think I'd like his hair because God help me, that suit has always been hilarious.
Buzz is about to turn off his body cam
This better be good
1:22 he looks like Joe Swanson fro Fam Lee Guy
When Dovid Bowie's "Starman" came on, I got flashbacks to "The Martian." What a good movie. Hope this movie will beat least half as good as that! (Knowing Pixar, It will be.)   :)
Buzz should have 🌊 in his hair 🤦🏽‍♂️
I hope Zurg is going to be in the movie
Haaaa❤❤
Make something original if I wanted to watch PewDiePie for 2 hours I would
I love it
Please tell me theres gonna be a different universe for Woody too. And then he meets Buzz.
Remember, Zurg is hes father. 🤣🤣🤣
They should have had Tim Allen do the voice
Star wars episode 10 looks dope
This trailer would t have been as good without the Bowie!!!
Okay now I’ll buy Disney plus
Can't wait for the Toy Story Cinematic Universe
So it’s a movie about a character from a movie that’s base on a toy?
"BUZZ LOOK AN ALIEN!"
Based on what I heard I was expecting it to be bad.....but it's....good? I kinda want to see it, I think it looks cool.
DUDE ITS BUZZ LIGHTYEAR IN REAL LIFE OMG OMG OMG 😱
Instantly thought of that old 'Buzz Lightyear of Star Command' cartoon upon seeing this. It's incredible that we're getting to see the origin story of the _real_ Buzz Lightyear, most likely what Andy saw when he was a kid. Thank you Pixar! ⭐
Honestly.... This looks really cool. I saw way too many upset people before I even saw the trailer and I'm not sure why... Ok. It's not Tim Allen but this looks like it's.... Infinity and Beyond (heh) the toy story franchise. It's like... This is the story that the TOY was based on in the beginning and I love it as far as I can tell! Those graphics are phenomenal!
This looks very cool definitely will watch!
I'm a 60 year old man and I'm looking forwards to seeing this movie with my grandchildren - And if they don't want to see it ?  - Well  I'll just have to see it on my own ? Haha ! - It really does look Fab though doesn't  it !
0:57 I was thinking of Empire Strikes Back at that scene when Luke and R2 we’re going to find Yoda 😄
I admit, I'm surprisingly excited about this. Almost gives off more WallE vibes than anything else.
Interestellar for kids
The scene where Buzz looks at the suit on the wall reminds me of the scene of Cap looking at his suit in the first Avengers film.
Now we need a western woody movie
This finna be better than the entire Star Wars remake
0:51 Finally we get to see Buzz's hair after 20 years
This is amazing looking. I really hope it lives up to the hype it's making me feel right now.
Yasssssss
yay
Well, I can see there is something related to time travel and Zurg so it an automatic 10 out of 10.
The comeback of the Buzz Lightyear toys XD
Looks good, I'm hoping it dosent fall without style😉
This is going to be great
B  E  Y  O  N  D  🤩
Do woody next!!
I'm more excited about this than the new Batman trailer. This is refreshing.
Ugh
When you realize Tim Allen's buzz was just a low budget voice actor hired to voice the toy in the Toy Story universe, who is trying to sound like this Buzz.
he’s kinda 😏😏
I'm thinking about a werstern movie starring our dear little Woody boy
Chris evans role as Buzz Lightyear, Cool
The Night this film releases Everyone probably :Ok now where's the sequel with realistic woody
If the sequel to this movie isn't real buzz meeting a sentient toy Buzz I'll riot
🔥 can’t wait
Beyond !!!
Wonder will it be a laser or a little light bulb that blinks?
I think 1:16 is actually going to be Zurgs entrance, Buzz is already wearing a space suit in this scene and in the next he's wearing the Jumpsuit. Plus the soldiers at the side kinda look like the evil soliders from the Toy story 2 opening
Hola ,,,no,puede ser de tan mal gusto hacer esta pelicula ,,,,,,,,,por favor ya no tienen imaginacion para crear otro personaje famoso,,,,,,pero puede mas el dinero,,,,,,al final terminan los padres riendo,,,y sus hijos comiendo,cabritas
Disney and Pixar are an embarrassment to the world of animation.
Ok guys. Did you noticed it? There’s a scene where robot describes how a flight will went. And on the desk you can see the description of relativistic effects with time dilation. In a scene when Buzz is looking in a window you can notice a cat in a down right corner. After that Buzz gets a robot cat... There won’t be any FTL technology. Buzz will leave its planet on many years or even centuries. And in that time his cat will be gone  :(
And? And What? WHAT'S AFTER AND?! AND WHAT? TELL ME!
I thought this was about buzz light year
Well now we know 2022 is going to be a Lightyear
This actually looks good
😂
"Buzz lightyear to the rescue"
Oh man propaganda the Cold War is over let’s go to the moon before we keep pushing out this trash
This is probably the highest quality animation in any movie to date
What if HBO bought the rights to the Buzz Lightyear story. 🤔
having a ratchet and clank vibe
Is it just me or does he look like Joe Swanson?
He's Just a Toy!!!!
Looks amaizing, great editing with the trailer and music
imagine toys woods Best friends
Hot take: it makes sense that it is a different voice actor than the original buzz lightyear Tim Allen since he played the toy version of it so the toy manufacturers had to probably hire someone in universe to do the lines and quips for the toy instead of some in universe actor who would play Buzz Lightyear in a movie that would be more expensive.
I have so many questions. Was Buzz Lightyear a real man whom the toy was modeled after? Is this a story of the life the toy Buzz Lightyear believes that he had before becoming Andy's friend?
Woody: Buzz… It’s you!!!! Buzz: Yes woody, I reached a level of realness.. This probably may have the director of Toy Story
Let me guess, Buzz thinks he's a woman trapped in a gerbils body in this one?
Buzz lightyear has a movie now. How about that.
wow
I love cars thanks Steve R.I.P
We finally get a Buzz Lightyear movie that just stars him and his origins. Definitely wanna try to see this. :)
My boy Buzz is 🥵
toy story 5
Now imagine an Old West movie about Woody
I never knew I wanted a Buzz Lightyear movie until now
This gave me chills
Does this mean we might get a woodys roundup show on disney plus?
Who asked for this movie? -.-
I assumed we would have got a Tim Allen cameo but I guess not
Is this for real? I feel like this is some kind of joke! There is no way this is real! AaaaaaaaaaaaaAaAaAAaAaAahhhhh
"...your mom"
Buzz lore
It’s kinda cool how Disney keeps binging back movies just when we thought they were done!
WOW, if it's not good at the end, we will can say that the trailer was wonderful !!!
Omg so excited 😆
I like that it's different... kinda sad/weird but it would get too repetitive any other way...      ...though I wish they could just be completely original, but that'd be asking too much so oh well 😆
Oh I can totally see a movie set in the wild west with a sherriff woody.
“To infinity and... “ is the new “Avengers A-“
Beyond.
Should have used Tim Allen voice.
This seems like one of the more serious yet still gonna be funny Pixar movies
Yes
R.I.P Cameron Boyce gone but never forgotten 😞💔😞
Buzz goes some time forward in time as he spends for whatever reason too much time in hyperspace and when he gets back things have changed somewhat and some new fraction (Zerg?) wants Buzz Lightyear's ship. The cat is like a space partner (and comedy relief.).
Guess Mr. Allen couldn't retain the role. Oh well.
This is gonna bring back amazing memories of my childhood or make me wanna Kms at how much it ruined those memories
The thumbnail looks more like an animated Tom Cruise...
To infinity and beyond .......
Oh my god
Will Woody have a cameo? 😆
plz disney stop blackwashing main characters
Me After seeing Toy story 4: Welp guess that’s it.  Disney: Nah were not done yet
1:20 Idk why but this scene reminds me of when DoomSlayer gets his Armor
Beyond 🤬
this is such a cool idea why didn't they think of this years ago
Emperor Zurg better be in this movie or I’m gonna flip
The new Buzz Light year has a Blue Lives Matter sticker on his Spacecraft
Supposed to be Tim Allen!!!!!!!
No Man's Sky the movie.
This looks pretty cool
Chris Evans playing another man out of his time
Buzz drank too much happily ever after potion, now he looks like human shrek xD
Can't wait for the Woody movie in 2069!
Sick.
WHERES TIM ALLAN
Cap is on the moon 😂
Yes please.
IS THAT BUZZ LIGHTYEAR AS A HUMAN
0:06 joe Biden
Buzz travelling light year to future story leaked. That's y buzz got lightyear title🙄🙄🙄🤨
to infinity and beyoond,wheres zurge?
Zurg 100% comes out of the ship 1:18
This looks pretty awesome
As of someone who grew up watching the Buzz Lightyear: Star Comand TV show and movie back 20 years ago. I'm so pumped to see this. Also Pixar you've outdone yourselves with the animation quality.
YES OMG I LOVE THIS
THIS IS GOING TO BE GREAT MY HEART AND MY CHILDHOOD IS COMING BACK TO ME LETS GO
This is BEYOND!
I read the Pixar book years ago so I understand how they are able to create these amazing classics
A little bit weird but ill be take it 😎👍🏼
Does anyone here remember the original animated lightyear movie? It looks really similar to that one.
VISITA 6M!
I can't wait to see this
Ooooh man i hope zurg is in this
I have this sudden wish to make somekind of a cosplay or half-cosplay for the movie premiere, either of realistic Buzz or Woody. I once saw a guy with a Thanos-fist on a premiere of last Avengers and he definitely set the mood. That, when you see people dressing up for the cinema, you realise, you not just watching a movie, you here sharing a love for a franchise with your community
We want Tim as Buzz.........................................why not change all the characters then?
Yo pixar, can you hook us up with the trailer song.
Waaait how are you going to give buzz a movie like this but not make one for woody xD
1:06 Is exactly when I new Chris Hemsworth was the voice.
I can’t stop watching this trailer
I used to love the animated series buzz lightyear of Star command, really hope this is similar looks AMAZING non the less!
Hmmmm.... something smells like Dagobah... anybody notice that???
I just think it's hilarious that so many people thought that the purple hood Buzz wears was part of his skin. Ya'll never seen an astronaut suit before?
God dame that’s good animation
Buzz Lightyear with hair doesn't exist, he can't hurt you Buzz Lightyear with hair:
You gave us this Now give us this WOODY AS A WOOD AND A E
Cool 😎
Toy Story is such a charming tale. This is stupid
What the actual Galactic Command?
This is either going to be really good or really bad
YES.
YESSSS SO EXCCITED
I wonder what the little green aliens will look like or they’ll look the same
Beyond    TBH i dont really know, what i think of this....
i want zurg in it
Better be getting a woody movie eventually
The toy story franchise and everything that comes from it is top tier Pixar
Essa música parece uma música brasileira
GOOD ♥️👍
This seems like a RedLetterMedia bit
Can't believe this, Toy Story was all a setup for Pixar's cinematic universe lol. Hope his partner's name is Mira, that would be a good callback.
Think about how this related to Toy Story Buzz Lightyear. He remembers all of this as 100% fact only to have his entire reality collapse when he finds out he is nothing but a toy for a childs entertainment. Actually really sad.
Cars 4, green Car Brazil carla veloso & Yellow Cruz Dinoco Is Cool
I'm hyped 😩
Omg this is so good
The animation in this is so cartoony looking yet it looks so realistic
What song is it
Finally a good Disney movie again!
0:58 I can’t help but see this as a Star Wars reference of the planet dahobah, with Luke’s x-wing haha
Pixar interstellar
watching over and over
como diria o igor:  CARRRRRRAAAALHO
So… is this movie a prequel or what?
To Infinity, and.......your wallet
I know what you are doing Pixar and Disney. You are trying to cash in on my childhood Nostalgia. All I have to say to that is,,, Good job. See you in theaters.
See… always taking Woodys spotlight 🙄
Why this feel like Buzz Lightyear’s Joker movie?
Ngl, the hair on Buzz looks amazing.
I saw that Star Wars reference!
No Tim Allen?
HES SUPPOSE TO HE A TOY
David Bowie is a legend among the stars. To infinity and beyond!
This is every childhoods dream. To infinity and beyond. -Buzz Lightyear
He kinda looks like doomguy.
This trailer goes hard, feel free to screenshot
The thumbnail looks like a “This image goes so hard feel free to screenshot”
NO TIM ALLEN :(
If it's good i want a Woody movie next
Pls car 4  I miss mcqueen
Did anyone notice the scene from the empire strikes back?
C'mon Disney, let Pixar do a Star Wars movie!
andy bought an rtx card
If they are using a David Bowie soundtrack this makes it all the more brilliant
..beyond
This actually looks cool
Who wants to bet they'll have Buzz's childhood being spent on a farm? Just like two of the greatest space opera heroes of all time!
i've just lose my mind, where is it ? :O
He then saved the world and became popular, his soul went inside of the toy of himself
que visual lindo !! nem ví e já amei  !!!
I do very much appreciate this version of Starman!
Chris Evans just changed from 2 MARVEL HEROES to a DISNEY PIXAR HERO.
I hope that humanity dont got destroyed before we watch this masterpiece 😂
Tigerkingcoin to the moon!
Ay que emoción!
J ju
Im 21 and i cant wait to see this
woah
This is the first time we see Buzz Lightyear hair and his human design is so realistic from every shots in this trailer 😲.
... beyond.
Uh....where's Evil Emperor Zurg?
Sólo Falto el Zord Xdddd
and...  avenger, assemble
A bit disappointed that Tim Allen didn't voice Buzz in this movie. Tim Allen will always be the best Buzz and no other voice actor can never hold a candle to him.
1. this looks way too serious, it's Buzz Lightyear for pity sake 2. why did you only have Evans say "And" in this whole trailer? is he bad in this and you don't wanna draw attention?
This goes hard, feel free to screenshot
There better be a woody film
Yay
David Bowie was so ahead of this time that he sang the soundtrack for Lightyear in 1972. He continues to blow our minds. RIP, Starman.
So we're about to watch a meta-movie from the Toy Story Universe lol
*WHY IS HE NOT VOICED BY TIM ALLEN*
This is a very cool idea!
This movie is coming out the same month and same time for Jurassic World: Dominion, Minions: Rise of Gru and Transformers: Rise of the Beast of next year in June 2022.
amazing
amazing
Bankruptcy of ideas
Revamping one of your OC's backstory be like:
1:17 I saw them Zurg androids
This looks EPIC!!
1:29 AND WHAT!?
I dont expect to hear any callbacks to Toy Story for one reason: in the toy story universe, Buzz Lightyear is a movie character. This is the movie he came from...
Cool!
Buzz ❤
I just hope no one gets hurt during the production of the Woody movie. Westerns can be dangerous.
Chris pratt is mario,  Now Chris Evans is Buzz Lightyear
David bowie starman
This is the closure we all needed
I remember playing with the buzz lightyear  action figure and dressing up as him for Halloween when I was a kid , I’m so stoked
Buzz Aldrin needs a vocal cameo!  Also I LOVE the hints that maybe Pixar is taking it a little more seriously and not just going all in on the goofy comedy. Give us more of an adventure-blockbuster and not just a family comedy!
To infinity and beyond.
Zerg better be in this movie, and if he is, I hope to god he’s Buzzes father.
Throws money at Pixar-just take it, take it all
To infinity and beyond 💯💯💯
I preferred the film before that.
AWESOME!!!
WHAT? completely unexpected
🔥
And in 2023 I want the Western movie about Woody, pleeeeeeeas.
We finally know what Buzz's hair looks like. And by extension, that the purple thing isn't part of his head.
FANTASTIC 🔥 THANKS ❤️
This vid goes hard feel free to record
Zurg: "Surrender, Buzz Lightyear." Buzz: "I can do this all day!"
preator suit be like
“To infinity and..”
This gives me doom vibes for some reason
Buzz on RTX mode...
There’s only one Buzz and that’s Tim Allen I hope nobody goes to see this😡
great video
I'm hyped IF they differ it from the main story. I don't want Toy Story 5, 4 was BARELY good. I want a astronaut movie with adventure and new creatures, similar to Wall-E. If they make THIS Buzz a vaired character, similar to actual astronauts at the time, as a space geek, it might just be my favorite movie.
If there is one thing that I want this movie to do is to confirm the Pixar Theory! If you don't know what that is, look it up, it's amazing!
Zurggggg
Excellent song choice
Am I the only 1 who heard joe Biden at the start
Pa que hacer una serie si ya sabemos que rex derrotó a zurg
This makes me sentimental :)
i will love this new toy story movie 😂
Yes
Ratio
Eres un guardian espacial!!!, no eres un juguete
I like paladin danse fallout 5 trailer.
I am suprised we only heard buzz speak once
great, I can't wait to see a movie based on Mr. Potatohead
Increible
“To infinity...and  *Assemble*
Finally movies I thought we would be watching now in the future
this made me realize that i want pixar to make a videogame
Whats all the buzz with this Lightyear film?
Zurg
buzz's origin story!?
" Lightyear" is coming soon on my birthday on June 17,2022.
Is it like buzz light year
This is GooooOOD
Is it the future? How would a Toy in the 90's be based on it?
To infinity and beyond
God I hope they make a theme park ride of that rocket
how did he go to space so fast and reach the sun so fast and not burn to the sun
Am im love 😍😍😍
Imagine at the end of the movie, Buzz crash lands in Arizona desert, the dust clears from the crash site as he crawls out coughing and in front of him are just some cowboy boots and a Weiner dog looking down on him and all he hears is..."Reach for the skyyyy". All in prep for sequel? That would actually be sick!
Exciting!!
This has to be warched on the big screen!
We have RTX 3800 4K 750 GTX 120 FPS  Buzz lightyear now
😬😬😬😬😬🦾
This actually looks good, definitely seems like one of the more serious Pixar films. The shots look really nice, and I think Chris Evans actually fits as a younger Buzz Lightyear. If Tim Allen wasn’t recast due to his political views, then he could play an older, more experienced Buzz in the future. The only thing I feel is off is the green and purple in Buzz’s suit, it doesn’t fit with the film’s tone and feel, and looks too silly. I think it would have made more sense if it was replaced with Black and Grey, and then in the Toy Story universe once they made the toy and Star Command cartoon, they made his suit Green and Purple to make it more vibrant and appealing towards kids. There’s also a lot of confusion on how this film connects to the Toy Story universe, as some think it’s an event that happened there, though, that’s not the case. This film is a fiction film created in the Toy Story universe, that Pixar decided to make a reality. Basically, the Buzz Lightyear toy was based off of this Big Blockbuster Movie (Also because of how modern it looks, my head canon is that it’s a remake of that original film)
To Infinity and beyond!
and zurg?
I kept on wanting to hear Tim Allen's voice...
The word lightyeah from lightning mcqueen's tires brand to a show wow. Gonna watch it
YEEESSSSSSSS !!!!!!! Buzz is back ! Can't wait
🙂😀
i cannot wait any longer🤪🤪
Im gonna say it, THIS SHOULD BE A VIDEO GAME. The level of detail is awesome, its about space, etc. Gives me awesome vibes. If a company legit made a single player video game about this I would live up to my name.
The dark and gritty early 2000s reboot of the buzz lightyear franchise just called "Lightyear"
This looks sicks ngl
This looks beautiful the atmosphere attention to detail smoke blooming physics everything
Buzz has hair!
Fans: We want Woody!!! Pixar and DreamWorks: Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
They finally added it
So Buzzlightyear was actually real this entire time and he got many fans that he created toys of himself for kids that inspire to be like him. Huh, Pixar back at it again!
Finally a buzz that's not watered down and corny but actually taken seriously 💪🎯💯
This picture goes hard, feel free to screenshot
To infinity and summer 2022😌
I dreamt about this when i was small
THIS IS AMAZING
someone please tell me the name of the song
This still seems really weird lol.
David Bowie's song hits hard, I can't wait to see it!!
if 7 year old me could see this... I was there when the VHS of the toy story spin-off was released
My boi Buzz got them 🌊 underneath that purple durag of his
bro hes chad irl
Disney probably hired This Man.
So was he a actual person or is it based on the movie buzz lightyear was from
coolz
Why not the original voice actor?
So how does this fit into the toy story universe? Is it a live action adaptation of the TV show the toy was based on or something completely different?
They've really went all out with the animation on this one 👏😳
Well… that was something i never expected…
but Zurg??
"You are a tooooooy!"
Don’t know why but when I saw the suit, it gave me Doom Guy vibe
This is gonna be EPIC
I cant believe we got the “SNEAK” “PEAK” from 2006 in cars. Mcqueen had lightyear written on his tires
WOW :O
Early 2000s kids are probably the most excited
Needs more black people and women. Not enough black people and women.
So is this the programmed memory that all Buzz Lightyears have?
NO TIM ALLEN. NO DICE.
This is pretty awesome, tbh though, they didn't have to make it a CG animation. They could of gotten away with making it live action.. would of been fun to see Patrick Warburton play Buzz LIghtyear
Ive always loved space so it comes to no surprise  that I cannot express my hype for this.
E
Why almost everybody is black? This happens on Wakanda?
To infinity and YOUR MOM!!!!
It almost looks like Star Wars
What is it with sci fi having the best music/sfx in any media?
Oh my God 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯👍❤️❤️❤️❤️
Who else hates that they are retconning Buzz Lightyear of Star Command?
Why didn’t Tim Allen do the voice over work
BEYOND! Missed you Buzz. Can't wait for this! 🚀
Please tell me that the characters from the buzz lightyear cartoon are going to be in the movie also.
Just say BEYOND and I'd watch it
I didn't know that I wanted this
I doubt it'll be any good but god, the animation team is really on top of this
Am I the only person that whispered "Beyond" at the end of the trailer? 😅🤷🏽‍♂️💫👨🏼‍🚀
You know, this might actually be the chance that we'll get to see and get to know more about Andy's dad. Since you know, this movie is on the Toy Story universe, but its focused on the actual humans instead of the toys.
From what I gleaned from this trailer….Buzz is supposed to be testing out a new form of travel “Hyper Drive”, or maybe this is his own first official test flight. The diagram, the launch, hyper drive, and going around the Star, are all tied to the flight mission. So he’s supposed to use hyper drive which will let him travel to a distant star, he’s then supposed to slingshot around this Star and head back, and once he approaches the planet again he needs to send the ship through some hoops to stay in the correct flight path. (We see him do this).   Also, according to the diagram the trip will feel like 4 minutes to him, but for everyone else it will be the equivalent of waiting 4 years for his return. (Technically, traveling through space IS a form of time travel…).   But I don’t know if the 4 minutes/4 years is supposed to be the time for the entire trip, or for reaching the star…if it’s a figure of 4 there and back, then he’s going to experience a trip of 8 minutes, but the central command is going to be waiting 8 years for him to come back…or to know if he’s even still alive. 😲
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR WITH HAIR AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
Gonna miss Tim Allen’s voice, but I’m excited to see Chris Evan’s Buzz Lightyear and what he brings to this very loved character.
"worlds greatest toy now the worlds greatest superhero"
beyond!!!..."To infinity and beyond"!!! :')
Greatest trailer i have seen in many years!!!
This looks like a mix between Overwatch and Star Wars and I love it.
I seriously think there's a starman waiting for us 😍
going to be a lot of buzz lightyear costumes next year
No Tim Allen? This makes me sad.
Wow!   So, is this a real person in the Toy Story universe?  Or are we watching the same film they did when they made the toy line?  Are they low-key inserting us all into the TS universe?  I can’t wait to see this.
*woah*
Wah keren nih
:)
Anyone who knows Buzz Lightyear of Star Command will be dying to have one of the robots be named XR
Well I guess buzz was a flying toy after all.
is it just me or he just really looks like Chris Evans... lol..
I love cartoon physics
This trailer goes hard. (Feel free to screenshot)
Ok but why is this Buzz Lightyear so hot 🥵
Buzz Lightyear gravitation catapulting around the sun looked so incredibly immersive and realistic!
One of the main things that struck me when first watching this trailer was how "grown up" it feels compared to most Disney/Pixar trailers, which are marketed primarily towards children... so they defo know that the majority of the Toy Story fanbase are now in their 20s/30s lol
Star Command!!!......Assemble....
My childhood dream movie has come true!! 🙏
Nooooooooooo....leave it alone. Next 2024 'Woody's Western adventures'
amazon
Great
Now I just want a movie about Major Tom traveling through a isekai representation of Bowie's Discography. Jamming with Ziggy Stardust, slumming it in Hunger City with Halloween Jack, dealing with the Thin White Duke, pressed into service on the Tin Machine, facing down the Johnny the American and his heralding of the New Killer Star, maybe make it potentially all a dream with some Pierrot shenanigans or the revelations of the Blackstar.
Beyond
Yo Pixar is the only thing keeping my morality alive
finally some hair on top cools super cool
No Tim Allen...PASS!
Where’s tobey and andrew
This looks noice🔥
Is zurg gonna be in it
Going and seeing this will make up for when I ripped my Buzz's arm off all those years ago. Never really got over that.
This gives me so much hope for the next generation. From toys to a story of the man based on the toy the world is theirs
I may get in trouble if my teacher sees me using my phone can you run for me
OH MY GOD, I CAN'T WAIT! :,D
So...do they  make fun of Allen?
Bro not the David Bowie in the background 😢
More proof Pixar hates Tim Allen. They gave Buzz the shaft in TS4 now they replace his voice all together.
Love when you upload!! Be safe everyone ❤️💛❤️
I am getting some Wall-E, Star Wars and of course toy story vibes
Maybe they will introduce his father. I hope they say this "Dedicated to the crew of the 1969 launch of Apollo 13. In Hopes that all mankind could one day travel to Infinity...and Beyond!!!"
Thanks DisneyPixar, it just made all those years worth of dreams come true
Now we just need a Woody origin story
Ah this looks great.  I cant stand the disney eyes though.  Creepy as hell for me haha.
Spider-Man into the Spider-Verse 2: I am gonna be the best animated movie of 2022! Lightyear: let me introduce myself. Spider-Man into the Spider-Verse 2: 😳 Lightyear: What? Are you scared to lose?
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh <3
Is buzz aint got a fade  in the show ion watchin
This does really look intriguing.
I'd like to think the voice actor has changed because he's the human version and not because you're trying to cancel THE Santa
Why do I feel like I'm gonna like this way more than the toy story movies
BEYOND!!!!!!!!!!!!
What have they done to my boy
Mass effect, the animated movie
YouTube: nah this is toy story 4
Dear Pixar, we love Chris Evans but if Tim Allen doesn’t have a cameo we riot.
So cool
I love that they chose David Bowies "Starman" for this
“To Infinity!..  *whispers* .. and beyond.”  “HUAAARGH!” -Randy Newman
Pufff I've been waiting for this my whole life.
This is not for body shaming, but his nose looks odd
Buzz Lightyear: A Buzz Lightyear movie
I am remembered to walle
If buzz doesn’t say “terrain seems a bit, unstable….” or “why don’t they answer?” Or “and there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere” then this movie will flop.
Woody lore: cowboy doll Buzz Lightyear lore:  This exactly why buzz is better
The dune sequel looks amazing
I'm confused are they still toys?
Ruined my childhood. Great.
Гонза!
Если есть белый гг то его должны окружать одни негры
I am of the opinion that this animation looks way too good
Wow that was an incredible trailer
Halo reach references abound
So we all know that this is saying maybe we might have another toy story since it seems like this will explain buzz light year in toy story lol
Imagine if we get a Rex spin-off
❤🧡💛💚💙💜🤎🖤🤍
Who remembers the cartoon Buzz Lightyear of Star Command
Chills
BROOO WHATTTT
S P A N G E R
0:57 thats literally dagobah
Tim Allen hmmmmmm.
Looks pretty good :) can't wait to check it out.
This looks amazing. I wish there were toys based on this character. I'd buy them for my kids
It's much more of an honor to play buzz once, than captain America a million times
Tk
I was just saying they don’t make them like this anymore, and here goes Pixar shutting me up.
Disney and pixar. Okay. I'll watch it!
V
Is he still a toy?
Ey his ship has his signature wings
I need that version of "Space Oddity"
I never would have thought that I would want this, but this looks awesome. Buzz in a more realistic style looks really good, and I can see a lot of really interesting developments and ideas coming out of Buzz's backstory
So the story involves time travel?
The animation is so gorgeous, OMG. 🔥
oH MY GOD I- W H A T
They had a chance to use Rocket Man. And they didnt.
Oh so thats how he looks like without his helmet
بز يطير
U beskraj i otkraaaaaj!!!!!
Almost made me shed a single man tear
i wonder what happends in toy story 5
This film looks like if Pixar is making their own spiritual adaptation of "Metroid Dread".
Buzz Lightyear is Tim Allen. Where is Tim Allen? I’m sorry but Chris Evans is Captain America not Lightyear. Tim Allen was the original Lightyear. Why change it? Because of his political views? Everyone has their point of views and what does it matter as long as they are doing the job right. And Tim Allen is Buzz Lightyear!!! Chris Evans said he was done playing superhero because that isn’t what he wanted to be known for. So why is he trying to play Lightyear. He shouldn’t of been Lightyear. I want the ORIGINAL LIGHTYEAR!! #TimAllenIsLightyear
Still waiting to hear about the Woody movie!
This is Halo Reach
this looks great actually
Look how they massacred my boy
I think i gonn ah be ah real fan of real buzz light year give some story for roody
y en que momento a parece woody
I can't be the only one tripping out about seeing Buzz in normal clothes lol
T
YES!!!
Bro was in a Durag for the last 20 years and still doesn't have waves 😂🚶
Nostalgia hit me like a bus
This the most ridiculous concept for a film ive ever seen    I love it
chris evans destroying his legacy
This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Disney has become full of terrible people with terrible values.  Walt must be rolling in his grave.  Boycott them.  Go woke.  Go broke.
So if Buzz's own movie is like an animated sci fi movie, than Woody's own movie would be an animated western right?
So, is Lightyear a movie from within the pixar universe? I'd like to think at the end of the film it backs out to show Buzz and Woody in the theatre with their kid.  Woody says "What is it with all these remakes?" To which Buzz can only say "I'm sure you'll get one soon too and I'm sure it'll be great."
I take it that there is no tim allen.... Disney sucks
Buzz Lightyear! We meat again! FOR THE LAST TIME!
I just got chills... Disney, I applaud you!!!! 👏👏
This looks amazing.
España: Añosluz la pelicula  JAJAJAJAJAJA
Another Pixar film AND revisiting a character from one of their previous franchises..This is going to be interesting ⚡
Why didn't he talk the whole trailer except at the end?
Looks like Top Gun Maverik of 80s .
And this is what happened when Steve Roger returned the infinity stones😂😂😂
To Infinity And Beyond!!!
This looks so good 😍 can't wait
Did anyone else see the Star Wars swamp scene
The graphics and animation of this movie is mad
Can you imagine a tie in with WALL-E?
WHERES THE CUTE BLUE CHICK FROM THE SHOW
This is so cursed
IF ANDY GOT BUZZ IN STEAD OF WOODY THIS IS WHAT THE START OF TOY STORY WOULD OF LOOKED LIKE NOT ROBBING MR PORK CHOP
How many of us expect a Tim Allan cameo?
It looks amazing, but what about buzz lightyear’s real voice, Tim Allen?! Chris sounded good but still!
*The theorizer noises i tensify*
1:17 this is gotta be the new dark vader
"When your action figure is more popular than you
I absolutely cannot wait for this to hit the cinema! 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
I’m pretty sure we are supposed to yell out, “BEYOND!” At the end of the video.
I'm actually really happy we're getting a new Buzz light year movie about him being a real space ranger. I loved the Buzz light year of star command movie and series.
Hope Everyone Having a Good Day ❤️. Peace n Love ☮️
Who is this for?? And what is its purpose??? I do not understand why this movie is made except for justifying wasting billions to promote rockets in space and creating even more floating space garbage
Please tell me every single one of you watched all the Toy story films before you saw this trailer.
YouTube: Hm, yes, this looks like Toy Story 4.
But wouldn’t this make the entire argument that Buzz Lightyear is JUST a toy irrelevant? Or is that the purpose?
if they don’t have tom hanks i’m exiting as soon as I hear the voice.
Sheeesshhh
This better end with him crashing into a toy store and being picked up by Andy...
No way, i'll cry dude
I am 25 in 2022 and I will be beating little Timmy down to get in line for this movie.
Buzz was my childhood hero. It’s so awesome they are doing a full feature!
So dark but yet so cool I CANT WAIT 😆
#1 ON TRENDING
I got goosebump second i saw the suit :O  Wait, that means Toy Story is in future?
Why does Buzz looks like a fusion of Tom Cruise and the crimson chin?
So fudged up that tim Allen isn't playing the role of buzz lightyear. Wow read that the reason he isn't playing the role is because his political beliefs would effect the film🤣🤣. Wow kids dont ask who is playing the role  they just know it good old buzz lightyear from toy story. What a bunch of Karen's influencing our next generation to politically think about who plays a role in a movie. It like they really can get ahold of your child's mind by reading the script made for the film Haha the dumbest stuff I heard in awhile oh wait nope sorry forgot the election..
So this must mean, Tim Allen's voice is the voice of the voice actor the toy company hired to sound like the real Buzz Lightyear when they made the toy.
perfect.
Not casting Tim Allen as Lightyear was a mistake. Audiences are going to struggle to connect with the character without Tim Allen.
This looks like a Disney version of halo
AHHHHH So good!
Yessir.! Leaving the kids at home
I feel like this should not look as cool as it does
Bowie voice give me chills
Love For India 🇮🇳
Woodys Wild Western adventures next please!
Ok now who said "beyond"
Iam watting for zorg say i am your father 😂
How can they still milk Toy Story?
Really, Pixar! What is this a dubbed version of the real Buzz Lightyear? We know why Tim Allen is Buzz Lightyear. Chris can't hold a candle. Sad and pathetic.
4:13  mas o menos xdd
Another Pixar beauty. This looks awesome 👏
No Tim Allen? Makes him sound weak and emotional.
Man not Tim Allen for the voice stinks.
The world's favorite Astronaut.
U could've just came out with it, no trailer and we'd be there
pls don’t ruin toy story, Pixar. Please
this is dope !!!!
THIS DOES NOT HAVE WOODY! THIS MIGHT RUIN TOY STORY!
I’m 21 now and still have my Buzz costume from when i was a little kid. I grew up adoring buzz light year and he’s the reason I’m a Computer Animation student in college. i’ve cried 3 times watching this trailer :,) Thank you!
I cannot wait to see this movie
The high quality animation is one thing, but David Bowie’s starman is what made this trailer give me goosebumps.
One of the best trailers I've seen in a long time
1:20 Doom music kicks in 🤘
78
The fan made is coming real?
Kinda sussy
epic awaits
Imagine if there’s an end credits scene that shows Andy watching the movie in theaters and asking his mom for a Buzz Lightyear for his Birthday.
Oh, nice, a Netflix adaptation of Toy Story.
There better be a Pizza Planet in this movie.
So COOL!!!!!
THANK GOD Pixar still knows how to render in the proper aspect ratio, this is finally ultrawide friendly.  (it's sad how many official trailers from original sources are uploaded in 16:9 with black_bars.png)
Yesterday I was laughing at all the stupid looking memes. But after watching the actual trailer I admit I'm actually kinda excited to see this now.
lightyear is my favorite movie
Spoiler alert: He lands on a kid's bed and becomes a cowboy's best friend.
and BEYOND!!!!!!!
“To Infinity and… BEYOND!!!
이거뭔가요 영화로 나온다는 건가요?
Starcommand, do you read me?
Without the characters, i really thought it was a live action. The animation is magnificent.
So are we going to get a Wild West caper   showing the 'real' origin story mythos of Woody ?
I bet 1 millions dollars in that the end of the movie is just buzz lightyear waking up.
Beyond ❤️
-Beyond
This is so exciting!  We actually get a grounded and serious rendition of Buzz Lightyear in a fully fleshed out sci-fi setting... By Pixar!!  I have chills, people.
Ima be honest, this teaser didn't really tease. Graphics looks like all other Toy Story flicks, which is great. But it was lacking something....nice background  music by Bowie though.
Now they should make a woody movie
NoWAY! BUZZ IS GOING TO HAVE IS OWN MOVIEEEE
i want to see this 😮
Ready to meme this movie to death?
Kids is playing witch his toys That will be the plot twist
Weird how this is canon to toy story
Where to send the money?
Where are those minions type... And where is the main dialogue.
Look at my lips.. your ruinin it
Born as a hero, die as a toy..
whoa.
Pixar trying to be marvel
Bro who even asked for this movie
Very cool
This actually looks pretty dope!
Captain Buzz Lightyear
Ya know they could at least TRY to come out with new content
Godspeed, Rocket man.
David Bowie Starman grate pick for the  soundtrack ... Beyond
I think this the best and only trailer you guys should use as perfect
got real
This looks terrible
Seeing buzz's hair for the first time is a cosmic experience.
Typically when it comes to merchandising, a different person will often voice the characer it is based on, like how Jim Hanks provides the voice for Woody in video games and merchandising. So of course, Chris Evan's Lightyear is a very different character compared to the toy Tim Allen plays. That is the reason for the "recast" as it is not even the same character.
It looks good, but I can't forgive recasting Tim Allen.
My childhood crush was Buzz,  I've never been more excited nsissjjeosamjdisa
Beginning of a new franchise and i'm for it
WHAT IS GOING ON
So he's like...life size now?
I like how even in this 'realistic' world everything looks so toy-like, like the way the spaceship looks and attaches to the launch thingie
I wish that in the last  scene Buzz’s ship crashes into an unknown desert place or a forest , and when he realizes  there is a shoot that shows a Cowboy brown boot and then we could hear “Who are you?” And in the same shoot a snake comming out of the boot then black screen and a following yell wich sais “AHHHHH,!!! There’s a Snake in my boot!!!” End….. for me would be epic.
Amazing where this character is going considering that his origins is a movie about living toys.
what music is playing ?
Spoiler: The bad guy is his father.
1:20 Yeah! Toy Story!
Ok. I ‘ve just watched 146545 times,lets go to the 146546.
toy story buzz lightyear exist
is that the real buzz lightyear?
I hope Woody makes a cameo 😅
Huge fan of Chris Evans But it's sad not hearing Tim Allen's Voice.
So buzz lightyear isnt a toy?
Can see Sheriff Woody😎😎😎
You think Buzz’s original voice actor will make a cameo?
No Tim Allen???
Great wait is over luv it...
Make believe Space as per usual 😂
This goes hard feel free to screenshot
OMGGG??
This teaser is enough to make an old man cry 😢. Awesome animation.
Buzz lightyear
:
The trailer is only half finished ??  Where is the rest !
How about this being the life of the real Buzzlighter that got lost in a portal in space and ended up in a toy box with just a slight of memory back.
Pixar's just flexing with the animation now.
Hold up, Buzz has HAIR???!!!
At least it's a spinoff and not another remake
*Chad Lightyear*
Where is Woody ? And buzz got his own movie ? Damn andy.
Sorry about this comment, but it's been years since I wasn't hyped by a Pixar movie and this one feels epic... Who edited this trailer, congrats you nailed 🎖️
I love it
You can't end it without him saying the thing, c'mon!
This vid goes hard Feel free to record
What I need to see that
This looks so cool :0
I like Chris Evans, but Tim Allen’s voice will always be iconic for Buzz. That’s why Chris could not complete the catchphrase haha 😂
You already know the animation is good when some scenes look live action
Emperor Zurg must be so proud of his son
KEKW KEKW KEKW KEKW
Does anyone else feel like the background music was AWFUL?
Nope
This looks like a meme
Wow, this looks really really good.
Aj29a
Love the trailer and will absolutely be seeing movie. Please Twitter, PLEASE don't turn 1:28 into an Identity Politics thing.
Omg i loved buzz as a kid and I'd watch buzz Lightyear star command  all the time and after so long he's getting another movie. Perfection
No Tim Allen? Me not watching😔
All toy story have origin story
OMGG I'M SO EXCITED
0:14 извините, а кто такой Иван?🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺 Excuse me, who is Ivan?🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
Бесконечность не предел
We want Woody backstory to
🗑️
This is so cool.  All those years buzz thought he wasn't a real space hero. Imagine a toy coming to life just to see him.
intro straight outta halo reach
🚮
Zurg better be the bad guy in this film
Grapixs
БАЗЛАЙДЕР!
Epic.
And beyond!!!!! Someone had to finish it🤷‍♀️
tarumlüg Programmierer der Master  K. I.                               :
inspired by Starwars
Is this Pixar or BET.
Who else thought about toystories
Бесконечность не предел!
I dont care how old I am I'm watching this since it goes hard.
2022 looks like a year comming 30 years ago😂😂😂
We have to admit that this was a very original and creative way to bring back an ended franchise.
Loved all the Gundam references!  The Hygogg/Z'Gok/Zaku type lined up with the red eye on (and one of them is Red!), The EFF Saberfish-like starfighter, the officer uniform, even Buzz helmet reminds of Amuro's!
the movie that elon musk reccomend to his kids
why is he built like the doom guy
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR EXISTS!!! SO HE REALLY COUKD FLy
For some reason, this is giving me Wall-E vibes and I'm all for it!
Why not Tim Allen? Sad that they wouldn’t have the original voice-
Woody is not gonna believe this!
Buzz lightyear sacrifice scene " To infinity and beyond" and destroys an entire fleet single handedly
.. Beyooond! Awesome 😁👍
WAIT THIS IS REAL?!?!
I didn’t know how I felt about this, but you know what I decided I’m OK with it.
Its better watching this while buzzed...
I just cannot stop watching this.
Lampanela li zargieb li du kastan ravin!!
WHAAAAAAAT?
I swear if this is a Disney Plus exclusive I’m actually gonna cry
They straight up made his suit look like a doom marine
This is exactly what toy story needs after finishing woody's story.
anyone wanna tell me why they didn't finish and say "beyond"?
Vai ter o "mano tu é?"
Why does his face look so much like the new Roblox update
I swear, the movie is gonna end with little kid Andy sitting in front of the tv watching this movie, then rushing out to his mom in the kitchen screaming "Mom! I know what i want for my birthday!". Im calling it right now!
What is this. Never saw this coming, I'm buzzing.😁
Miss you bowie
Espero que no haya comentarios donde diga los simpson lo predijeron
Currently watching this trailer for the 20th time in less than 24 hours
Las profecias eran ciertas :0
Is it me or does anyone else too think that this movie had a relation to Toy Story's Buzz Lightyear?
But why
Buzz have hair???!¡
Hmmm was TIM ALLEN not WOKE enough? So they had to cast uber WOKE Chris Evans?
Wow this makes my heart melt into a million little happy feelings
i just KNOW that there will be a woody doll somewhere hidden in this movie
To Infinity and beyond! 😎👊🚀
starman 👌
Buzz lightyear with RTX switched on be like:
They're ripping off Star trek, with him flying around the sun.
Kinda looks dope not gonna lie
Ngl I kinda simp for Buzz now. They made him a real beefcake.
Ty guys. It make me feel better to see this
To infinity, and summer 2022
..BEYOND!
Yes I'm so hyped for this did anyone ever watch Buzz Lightyear of Star Command as a kid I loved the origin story of Buzz Lightyear the Space Ranger they're basically doing that again man it's been awhile I remember watching that on VHS
This gives me WALL-E vibes.
In Toy Story Buzz said revenge isn't permitted on his planet, so that's something about the character's, not toy, backstory.
oh look it's buzz light-year    every mind ever:
:-0
Alright, you’ve interested me🤔
Well, I don’t know if anyone turned on the captions, but we learn the names of a few new characters in this trailer: The first is Alicia Hawthorne (0:22 and 1:27), the robot cat’s name is Sox (1:14) and the robot buddy with the whiteboard is named ERIC (1:08). Also, neat little detail: if you slow it down the trailer of when Buzz meets Sox, he jumps back into his “shooting laser” position before getting into the karate pose.
“Hey bill, how do we market this new movie about a guy going in space? Yeah I know Buzz Lightyear… Bill you are a genius!” -Disney executives
bro the soundtraci
Not gonna lie, I cried after I saw this. The nostalgia and memories just hit me so hard.
Looks amazing!
The animation gets better with every new movie
Didn’t even know this was a thing, super excited already
My brother have seen buzz as toy story character only now I will show this movie to him wow
How's this going to fit into the Pixar Theory? 🤔🤔
para cuando la pelicula del woody
To infinity and why did you end it
Woody: ahhahahahahhahahahahahaha
Here's the real question who's going be as Emperor Zurg?🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
just from th the thumbnail i could see dirt in the thumbnail on some buildings and buzzes suit
Buzz: And you, my friend, are responsible for delaying my rendezvous with Star Command!  Woody: YOU! ARE! A! TOOOOOOOY!! You're not the real Buzz Lightyear, you're an... oh, you're an action figure. You are a CHILD'S PLAYTHING!!   Buzz: You are a sad, strange little man. And you have my pity. [does Vulcan Salute] Farewell.   Woody: Oh YEAH? Well good riddance, ya loony! [mockingly, under his breath] "Rendezvous with Star Command."
Buzz your a toy - a child play thing !!!!
he looks better then he did it toy story
So excited for this new movie right now
beyond🤩
1:27 - 1:30  Alicia Hawthorne: To infinity... Buzz Lightyear: ...And... Me: 🎵 ...Beyond! 🎵
i swear pixar be making me want to kiss them on the mouth with how good these animations are
To infinity and before class
Music is so GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
I remember the animated series that was based on him as a real man, it was actually decent.
In the first toy story, when buzz is repairing his ship, he asks woody if they have discovered “crystallic fusion yet”. That is exactly what powers the jet that buzz flies in the trailer.  I love the attention to detail
David Bowie's "Starman" and " Space Oddity" have become for movies set in Outer Space what "Fortunate Sun" and "Spirit in the Sky" are for movies set during the Vietnam War.
Buzz... HAS HAIR
Elon Musk be like:
YEARS OF ACADEMY TRAINING WASTED
I’m actually so hyped for this movie👍🏼
This movie goes so hard, feel free to screenshot
What mod is this
Cant wait to see how they ruin this one with SJW propaganda Theyre getting sneaky with it
Space exploration is good but moving to mars in this day and age and colonizing it is an insane plan.
This could be good
This actually looks good and not just like money grabbing
... and THANK YOU PIXAR !
This looks amazing
this trailer go so hard, feel free to screenshot
Esto va a ser épico papus.
Kinda want to see Princess Mira Nova, X.R. and Booster Sinclair Munchapper in this. But if this is a different universe then I get it.
*O*  *M*  *G*
Mano tu é?
Why they make him look like a thumb?
:O
cannot wait lightning McQueen turn into a human 😀
no
Ok but where's woody
Looks actually super RAD! I loved the old buzz cartoon back in the day! This will be fun with all rhe toy story lore and such! Nice animation and designs!
WOW!
Do we really need this to exist though?
Beyond 😍
I feel weird about this...
Good move...
Alright. Now can we please get a Woody movie featuring sheriff woody?
阿斯巴田
Thanks God and thanks Pixar...this movie is made in our lifetime....
#Lightyear will go into a #videogame.
This move will be SICK 🔥🔥🔥
I'm so happy to see this movie soon💥💥💥🥳🥳🥳
Ohhh myyyy !!! Yessss !!!!
Can you imagine being a space pilot and having a life like this just to find out that everything was a lie and you were a toy all along.
¡ ¡ ¡ BEYOND ! ! !
My question is, If toy story takes place in the 90s and the toys were already out by that time, that would mean buzz had to have traveled to space at least during the late 80s- early 90s, where ships/space travel was super primitive; How then is this possible at all? My theory is that toy story and lightyear are unrelated (separate universes)and pixar is just recycling the idea of the character. On one side Buzz the man, on the other, Andy's universe where he must have been a cartoon character like woody. Wouldn't be surprised if they did Woody "the story of the man" lol. That or pixar really doesn't want you to think too much on it which is fine.
It's weird to see Buzz with hair 😂😂
Ah so they ran out of sequels and went to prequels. Can't wait for "Snake in my Boot"
Beyond
I didn’t realize how much I wanted this
It’s a’ight
they had the audacity not to use Space Oddity as the soundtrack?
What about tim alin
Yes. Yes, yes. Yes yes yes yes yup yes yes uh-huh alright yes! YESSSSSS! Plug it directly into my brain! Yeeeeeeeeeeee-ESS!
I was 3 when the first Toy Story came out, and I'll be 30 for this movie.  Hoping the next Pixar movie's gonna be a western.
Pov..u said beyond😎
Emperor Zug cannot miss on the movie.
The music in this fits perfectly. I hope people remember Toy Story for infinity and beyond.
DOESNT EVEN LOOK LIKE BUZZ and DIFFINATELY DONT SOUND LIKE HIM!!!!
Hold on
Trailer about buzz: **exist** 2 years later: **trailer about the wild west where woody are the best Hero on his town**
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
Not me automatically assuming that someone is going to pass away in a Pixar movie
BEYOND!
Interstella but animated
1:07 karate pose
Now we just need the woody movie
Do people not understand that this is telling the story of the real astronaut the doll from Toy Story was based of off? Or are people mad that Chris Evans is the voice actor?
To infinity and assemble
Ooooh yeah!!!!
I had no idea I needed this movie so much
Way to continue an already drained franchise Disney
...Beyond!!!
1:09 that’s relativity folks
Let's hope for that this movie will be on Disney+!!  And let's hope that Buzz will be voice acted by "The Swedish Buzz" Fredrik Dolk!  "Till oändligheten...och vidare!"
I hope Pixar makes a serious adaptation of "Woody's Roundup" next
To The Infinity And Beyond!!!!!
Seeing him without his suit is sort of uncanny, even if the animation and models are this good. I'm just not used to it.
To infinity and beyond 😭😭😭😭😭
Ruined by changing actor it cant and wont be the same hearing buzz with another voice. Not surprised they made sure he never spoke in the trailer.
B U Z Z
Tbh, I don’t think I’m very interested in seeing this. But, I appreciate how hard the animators worked and I hope everyone else enjoys it!
This actually looks really good, and I've never even seen a Toy Story movie! Lol
Let's go Brandon!
Everyone here have forgotten the original buzz lightyear movie?
But where are the wings on his suit??😢
No Tim Allen as Buzz = no money given to this movie by yours truly
😍😍🥰
Any chance we can get William Shatner to sing "To Infinity and beyond" again in the end credits?
I want to see this movie.
5.5m
I always loved the concept of the Buzz Lightyear T.V. show from one of the movies and I always wanted them to put it into more depth.
I just hope to see Evil Emperor Zurg. Anyone else?
OK.. gotta ask .. even if it’s not … is the Orange Tabby a slight nod to Alien??
omg
Ah, so this is the Doom Slayer's origin story huh? Buzz gets a praetor suit and everything
In my head canon, this "live action" movie led to the animated movie, 'Buzz Lightyear of Star Command' (voiced by Tim Allen) and subsequently the spinoff television series. The Buzz Lightyear toy is based on the animated version of Buzz, which is why he has Tim Allen's voice and not Chris Evans'.
can't wait!
Jus woooow
And today I learnt buzz lightyear doesn't have a buzzcut     (though honestly child me assumed he was bald for some reason.)
Let all the children boogie...
Imagine a utility belt comeback that would be awesome
1:18 why do I feel that is Zurg?
Boi, i'm crying.
I just remembered about the crystalic fusion in toy story
lit trailer
I knew it! buzz is not bald!
If anyones wondering🤷‍♂️ the song in trailer is starman by david bowie
Wait, he’s a toy right?
Ya empezaron a arruinar toy story, no paran ustedes eh, solo les importa lucrar xd
I can already feel the upcoming memes
No Zurg? Awww...
I have already watched this 25 times because it's so good
It feels illegal to see Buzz with hair
Pixar never fails! can’t wait to watch this masterpiece!
There goes buzz lightyear
Does 0:57 reminds anyone of Star Wars?
Why does Buzz sound like a young Woody??? :c
"I am Buzz Lightyear, I'm coming in peace" "To infinity and beyond"
Woah
Meh
At the end of this movie they'll show Buzz sleeping and then waking up and telling Woody "I just had the strangest dream".
We need a scene in which a Buzz Lightyear toy looks at the real Buzz in disbelief
So this isn’t Buzz from Toy Story, but the actual space ranger that the toy is based off of…interesting
At last!! Long lost quality!! <3
wow
RTX ON
So this movie is a movie based on a movie and later this movie making toys from this to Toy story movies.....so we will get a Spinoff movie Called the Rider (Woody) and so on i can continue....so its a prequel to toy story that based on what toy story movie are watching and they making toy of that movie, and now we will experience what buzz lightyear are original  based from....that cool
What if he comes back to earth and crashes in the desert and a “strange” fellow named woody who is also a sheriff helps him up
Why is this even necessary
Buzz will die in the end
Toy*
I CANT WAIT TO SEE THIS MOVIE
I Find this amazing cos I love all the other Tiu Story movies! Pixar you have done it again
Feels like this is the movie that's also a movie in the Toy Story universe which lead the production of Buzz Lightyear toys there
Liked the other voice
it's not the same with Chris Evans wimpy voice. Tim is the voice of buzz
LIFE COULD BE A DREAM SH BOOM IF I CAN TAKE YOU OUT FROM NOWADAY SUP ABOVE (I didn't know the lyrics sorry)
Finally some good news this year
I just realized that every moment, every scene from every Disney movie ever can be created into a movie. Might as well create a Bingbong spin-off.
Buzz Lightyear the toy got so popular they made a human put of him! that's wild
Oh look how far pixar has created 3D animations to something where the effects almost looks real and detailed :'0
Soon, the live action movie of the cartoon, of the toy cartoon...
Zurg: "Surrender, Buzz Lightyear." Buzz: "I can do this all day!"
Is it just me or do the slight design tweaks on Buzz's suit make it look like recolored doom slayer armor?
Beyond.
Uauuuu... Adorei!
I totally forgot about the little green aliens! They better be in this movie
Maybe this whole movie is just one of many Andy's toy playtime.🤔
I don't know how to feel about this....
Perfect song to give me chills!
This will be weird but I'm def looking forward to it!!
There is no WAY this is real
Buzz has always been cooler than Woody.😤
You guys should do Woody’s Roundup show from Toy Story 2 that would slay too! 🔥❤️
So, my first viewing and initial thought "this is captain marvel all over again?"
0:12  "Need to repair my turbo boosters... Do you people still use fossil fuels or have you discovered crystallic fusion?"  - Buzz Light Year, Toy Story 1.
Hah, they acknowledged the satellite studying the sun. Imma miss Amphibia and The Owl House so much Disney. Oh well, to infinity and beyond better be good.
Hola
Wow
從這裡 bnl 的域離開
STARMAN BY BOWIE OMG IM JUMPING
Ooh really interesting O.o you never fail to keep us on the edge of our seats Pixar
وسنرى كيف يناسب هذا نظرية بيكسار
He kinda looks like Buzz Lightyear from Toy Story, especially the outfit at the end!!!
Hello, old friend
This movie looks like the earth is a bit polluted but everything explodes in wylie and then the bnl thing happens we'll see if this movie comes out bnl bnl
It that buzz?
Это Базз Лайтер?
For some reason this gives off a SC2 Terran vibe
I want more films like this
Time to make this a meme
Amazing.... My childhood Memories 😍🥺
Andy is probably really excited
Great movie about schizophrenia
my whole childhood represented in a teaser trailer
YASSSS!
Wait so other people also have the buzz lightyear suit!?
Pixar (makes movie) Bots- so anyway
Auto show auto show
Look at what our childhood character has become, so proud :,)
You got a friend in me.
Toy story 5 looking great !
I sense that EPCOT's Mission Space will be rethemed...
I hope to see Zurg in this
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
But the real question is does Buzz meet a cowboy who has a snake in his boot???
This looks cool
I wonder how this would fit the Pixar theory
The Buzz Lightyear series is getting a "live action movie" in universe.
Man why they did not gave Tim Allen the role of Buzz again
i was actually scared buzz would look weird but this is clean
THE DAVID BOWE STAR MAN REMIX WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD
бас бастер привет
is this a prequl of the Series from the Year 2000 or a reboot?
To Infinity & Beyond Indeed
This is the movie Andy watched before he asked for a Buzz Lightyear toy for his birthday.
To Infinity and Summer 2020
I wanted to comment something. But can't think of anything good or fun.
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND
To infinity, and... 2022🚀
Plot twist: the last scene actually means “beyond summer 2022”
I haven't watched a single toy story film but I know I'm going to enjoy this movie cause it brings back wall-e's space aesthetic and that warms my heart.
when the cinemas will be filled with a bunch of guys in their 30’s
Geezus.  Can't you guys not ruin EVERYTHING?  Can't you come up with something original, like maybe a different character goes to Star Command?
Definitely, I will go and see it. It is pretty crazy that I was born when the first toy story movie came out.
and bnl
the song uwu
YES THE MOVIE THAT no wanted or asked for...
Excited, but also nostalgic for the characters from the animated series Buzz Lightyear of Star Command
Buzz will actually fly
I guess we’re waiting until Toy Story: Endgame, to hear “beyond”
Who else clicked on this because Toy Story...
What is this song called?
Buzz's suit looks slightly like a mix of master chief and Doomslayer's suit
in the after credits turns out it was Bonnie playing with Buzz near a lightbulb (sun) in her backyard (planet).
SOULLESS
How is this a backstory but it's set in the future....
Why does this look like star wars
The animation is amazing 😍
When I was young I used to watch toy story everyday, now I will guarantee that I will watch this movie
- TO INFINITY AND BEYOND -                             Buzz Lightyear
He's.... human???
This better have Booster and XR in it...
I don't know how to explain my feelings about this. Like, I feel happy to see a familiar face but I am also sad that it's just no the same.  Dear god, I feel so old because of this.
Star wars emperor zurg strikes back
This looks amazing, not going to lie. Although, a bit disappointed Disney didn't stick with Tim Allen for Buzz's voice - not going to be the same.
To infinity and beyond
This might be Pixar’s best movie ever, really exciting. :)
Seeing Cap in action is amazing
Glad they decided to do this.
I cry
Zurg ?😳
I used to love the Star command cartoon! This looks awesome
Ok so does woody going to have his own movie as well
Did you even have childhood, if you didn't watch toy story series?
Most awaited Biopic of the year..
Disney: “Do we have any old cash cows lying around that we can squeeze a bit more life from?”
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat
and.... LANGUAGE!!!
Buzz without his spacesuit goes brrrr....
DON’T
Does anyone else remember that like spin off Buzz Lightyear cartoon they had where they had him and a bunch of other Space Rangers who were just aliens in his trademark suit? or was that some fever dream of mine? if it was actually real I kinda wish they based this movie on that, I'm not complaining either way but still lol.
Where's Zurg?
Chris Evans: I’m retiring. I won’t be playing a good looking superhero who saves humanity anymore.   Pixar: hold on just a second…
Notice how Buzz did not  talk much. That's because Buzz is not Buzz he is Capt America.
I hope buzz watches the trailer in toy story
very real
Hope we get to see Emperor Zurg in this. I love him
This feels like a nice movie about space and stuff, ngl I wish it wasn't tied to toy story at all and was its own thing but it's still very much promising!
I imagine with missions in uncharted space, there has to be EVE models (Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator), so hopefully (Waste Allocation Load Lifter Earth-class) or any other class?
I've watched this about 10 times and it still doesn't get old
O h wow this is epic! 😻❤
MRS. NESBIT HAS RETURNED!!!🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉💕💕💛💕😱😆😆
Big chin space man make me laugh
This is epic.
RDJ should be the Animated Real Life Woody.
cooool!!!!  looks super !!!!!
Im 23 years old and im exited to see this
**Post credits scene**  Buzz is pulled into a space time anomaly and it sends him to earth's distant past in the American wild west.  Where he meets....Sheriff Woody.
Chris evens going to dub lightyear???
Remember there is a difference between Disney and Pixars.
Woody's Roundup when?
If they are going to make a Buzz movie, they have to make a Woody movie, yes or yes, since I think it was more intriguing since the second installment that it is discovered that it had a series and there was Jessie, Target shooting and the foreman, and that they never know knew the end of that series because they canceled it.
Real hero 🔥
Buzz lore
1:19, Emperor Zurg?
Dear Pixar: There is still time if you haven't yet but please make sure there is at least one Wall-E in the film. I have feeling you already did.
飛向宇宙 浩瀚無敵
Im proud of my childhood when i seeing this.  Nostalgia hits so hard 😭😭😭
I just want to see his Hair
es CRASH NEBULA !!!!!!!!
Ok guys, just said it:   Al infinito y más allá.
Never expected this I'm so glad😀
i usually don't like recasts...  but we can all agree chris evans fits this role pretty good
Ayo ain’t no way bruh real buzz
:0 q rayos? Espero q sea buena la peli y no sea una kk
This. THIS is how you make a great trailer without spoiling the main plot
Omg
Wait, isn't the buzz lightyear toy in the toy story universe based of like an actual (fictional) astronaut in their own universe?
Fact: Individuals will rewatch toystory after watching this.
hi
Hey guys look, it’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
what came after dc and marvel universe?  Toys Story Universe!!!
idk why but this makes me feel like a kid again
Woody movie coming and its going to be life action movie based in the early 80s town of texas where he is tryna free the slaves and repentance of managing several plantations
Oh this actually looks brilliant
Wow buzz Lightyear personal movie 🎥🍿😱
One question....Why? It was never said toy was based on actual person in their universe. To think thousands of writers and creatprs out there with fresh ideas and they keep hiring people that are "reinventing" old IPs
*To the infinity and beyond* !!!!
I’m in love
As for me too many black characters
Beyond…
Oh c'mon... not another spin-off ! Can we get some original script like Soul ?
It's April right?
not that I am complaining but why wouldn't they use Tim Allen?
Ist like the mad model xd
Less goo😃
Finally, a movie for Buzz lightyear the animated serie.
I clicked on this expecting to hate it based on the thumbnail, but the combination of David Bowie and unexpected PUNCH in the chest of nostalgia I got from all of sudden remembering how excited a much younger me was to watch "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" almost made me cry. I'm 24 lol 😅.
I hear the fairy from Pinocchio turns him to a real boy at the start of the movie and Woody is in it in mission control
“And” the goosebumps
Remember guys this isn't based on the toys story😌😌
is this david bowies song
why do we have this before the Sonic 2 trailer
Well this kinda ruined the magic of toy story. Who would care that toys are secretly alive when you had interstellar travel and aliens existing prior to all of it. Toy story 4 wasn't needed, this even more so
QUÉ ESTÁ PASANDAAAA
I hope this movie wouldn't disappoint. Anyway Didn't Buzz Lightyear had his own animated TV show ?
I can’t wait to work for Pixar. And I am gonna do it
why am igetting blender vibes
Wait I always thought he was bold......
the song and the visuals are giving me CHILLS!
I mean this makes no sense unless you think about it as a film that was released in the Toy Story universe and Andy went to watch it in the cinema or something I don't even know anymore
Excellent 💥💥💥
*To the infinity, and Beyond*
Never in my life have I wanted something so bad until I received it.
So basically this is the lore of how the toy buzz lightyear was based around
Somehow this song makes me feel nostalgic for a time when I wasn’t alive! What a great song choice, makes this trailer even more special
Buzz light year YAY
it's gonna be amazing
Wrist laser? 😳🧐
La istorias de la vOz lAi yIr
Graphics got me hard dude really
Toy story cinematic universe ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
The animation looks so awesome 🤩
is this gonna be like that old Buzz show on Disney afternoon?
CHIHUAHUAS!!!!! YA LA QUIERO VER EN EL CINE CON MI HIJO!!!! 2022 LLEGA YAAAAAAAAA..
omg our king is back
Ору с концовки он реально баз лайдер)))
Please 🙏 where do I get in line for this movie I will wait
so the the series is no longer canon? 😔💔
Buzz light year 🔥🔥💚💙💜
Wow
The animation looks stunning and I’m genuinely excited for this but I cannot express my distress at seeing buzz lightyears hair
AHHHHHH ! MY INNER CHILD IS SCREAMING ! TOO EXCITED 😊  it comes out on my son's birthday.
I’m a fanboy for buzz and man I can’t for this to come out
Where is Tim Allen?
I don't know how I feel about this.
Background song
Would have been ironic if they got the guy who played John Criton from Farscape.
This Doom prequel is going to be awesome
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
It’s been absolute years since I’ve felt this level of excitement for an animated film. Pixar really knows how to knock it out of the park.
Fun fact: 97% of the viewers said *"Beyond"* in the ending
Why am i smiling?
To infinity, and... FLAME ON!   Ops, wrong talented hotshot space pilot movie.
That fact that the backing track of this trailer is starman 🔥💯
We gonna get that woody's roundup gang next😂?
BEYOND!
To Infinity and Beyond 🚀
AND BEYOND I AM BIG FAN 🔥🔥
RTX ON
this is not a teaser , this is a masterpiece ! still watching in 2029
Hasta finito y más allá
To infinity and beyond.
Hmmm yes the floor here is made out of floor
This reminded me of Toy Story :)
Buzz Lightyear gonna be in a future Smash Brothers (or similar) videogame.
My favourite Buzz Lightyear quote, "To Infinity and Summer 2022"
Wow a creative movie idea that’s some what original, finally!
David Bowie’s voice was made for space travel
1:17 i swear that is Zurg!!!!!!!!
Looks great. Am I the only one who thought Hawthorne was male till I saw that her name is Alicia?
When you hear David Bowie.. You know this movie is going to be brilliant!
This movie looks amazing! The animation is great and the story must be better! Keep up the awesome movies Pixar!
I can't wait to see an army of adults in cinemas coming to watch this
Kinda looks like the Star Wars I wish we had today.
The whole trailer was basically 'WAIT WHAT'
The next Pixar movie be like:   "Pride: A Sheriff story"
Imagine if Zurg is the main antagonist
Is it just me or does he look like buzz lightyear
BuzzのスーツをBuzz以外が着てることに驚きを隠せず…
Yes is all i got to say
Buzz Lightyear origin though looks cool
Star wars reference 0:58 ?
Exited young me
This movie feels like it’s going to be an emotional roller coaster 😭
Woody: uh, buzz? We missed the truck!  Buzz: were not aiming for the truck. Buzz: were aiming for the stars.   Woody: to infinity...  Buzz: and beyond.
To infinity and summer 2022
Alicia: To Infinity... Buzz: And...Assemble.
Star command, do you copy? Star command?
I wander if their body movments are gonna be like toys
1:16 Buzz Lightyear versus the Princpality of Zeon?
this Buzz isn't made in china
Is it just me or 0:26 is pretty close to Halo Reach
I swear, that guy singing, is the guy, who sung "Put On Your Sunday Clothes" in Wall-E...
Buzz lightyear be like It is i guess I like it
The Simpsons did this already with The itchy and scratchy show! Kinda late pixsss
The former Captain America goes to space.
Woody needs a solo movie too tho
Can we just take a moment to appreciate how gorgeous the animation and rendering here is
🔥"Yours content amazing 🔥   🔥"Your video amazing 🔥     🔥 "You are amazing 🔥　                    ❤
At the end of the movie buzz will die by FALLING IN STYLE
So it’s the cartoon version of him in space with the other cadets into a movie? That’s wack
This is Star Wars
If his red headed blue skinned girlfriend from the 90s cartoon doesn't show up I'm going to be upset
toy story 9 comfirmed?
Years of academy training wasted
Love it....i always found buzz lightyear the coolest when I was younger and would go crazy whenever I see him on a toystore
Good, now show me the game walkthrought.
New halo movie lookin hella nice
Wowwsw
To infinity and-
Finally! Something that tickles the kid in me....it's honestly been years, can't wait for this one!
BEYOND
Pixar has completed the puzzle
Will we see the little green three eyed aliens in life form finally?
I like this
Buzz got his Solo movie boys
Waiting for Budi and Akmal's appearance.
Aaah yes, Disney's version of Halo Reach's space mission.
To Infinity  And…. Assemble !!!
I feel weird watching this.
He's not a toy woody!!
Wish it was retro-futuristic or campier. Thought it’d be a B-movie
When 3D gets more 3D
Bod yogurt light
People do realize that this Is the story of THE REAL BUZZ LIGHTYEAR? the one the toy Is supposedly based on.  It's not a live action remake of Buzz, is the real Buzz's backstory.
This movie is based on the on buzz's character is based on in the pixar world
I came here for the trailer and not for all these feelings. Someone been watching THE RIGHT STUFF and APOLLO 13. Nice touch using David Bowie‘s Starman. Our son and everyone I have shown this too can’t wait to for this epic adventure to infinity and beyond. 🤩
This is so nostalgic to me.. I always used to watch this before going to school while eating my cereals 🥺💕
Amazing ✨ From Indonesia 🇮🇩
Um. Why is his voice different?
Woah
-In Beyond
“Hey guys, look! It’s the real buzz lightyear!”
This made me so happy.
I know im gonna love this
Clint Eastwood was Woody
childhood hero gets his own movie, couldn't ask for more
I'm hyped, can't wait for the movie WOODY
buzz lightyear
Disney blacklisted Tim Allen for being a conservative ?
OMG THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
Why does this Buzz look like he turns off his body cam?
This looks so fantastically stunning and then hearing the David Bowie music come in is the most fitting touching wonderful thing! I absolutely can’t wait to see this! 🤍🤍
And what? AND WHAT???
Beyond 🥲🥲🥲🥲
Farming people for nostalgia money.
How it feels to play toys
Oooo yes
Yesssss yeeeeeeesssss woooohoooooo yeeeeeeesssss simply lovly
Tôi là một fan cuồng của phim, và tôi thật háo hứng và chờ đợi ngày ra mắt
🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️🕷️
We are very curious about which of America's allies are good now? India looks worse than the United States! Brazil is worse than the United States! Who else wants to be an ally of the United States?
Isn't the whole point that buzz isn't actually, to quote woody "SPACE RANGERRRRRRR!" either way - looks cool
Soo, is there any chance for woody's wild west animation too?
Very epic. Buzz lightyear to the rescue!
Woody: "Look Buzz, an alien!" Buzz: PTSD kicks in Woody: "HAHAHA I got you!"
I can't wait for it to the movies because I love buzz lightyear to infinity and beyond
Man, this makes me hope we can get a Western in the future based on a "real" Woody...
WE DEMAND ZURG APPEARANCE!
buzz malardo
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR...TO INFINITY AND BEYOND
Memorable child hood  Waiting buz
Was really hoping to hear Tim Allen...
Goosebumps. Just goosebumps during the entire video.
Finally saw what's under that purple hood thing
Can't tell if they're all chubby cuz they're action figures or is it because it takes place after WALL-E....
And he goes through some wormhole and gets teleported into another dimension..
..... Buzz??? 🤠
*To infinity, and beyond.*
Tim Allen should've reprises his role as Buzz. You have the original actor, why not just let him recast his role?
And what?!?! And what?!?!?! you got to tell me!!!
This actually looks good. Finally something original. Well not really but you know what I mean
Wheres Zurg?
I'm  wondering why they bothered. There was a "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" animated series from 2000 to 2001. It lasted only a few short months; are they still trying to squeeze money out of that cash cow?
this look like Toy's story x HALO x Star citizen
I'm definitely going to go to see this one
Holy jes- Now this looks AMAZING, also the song is a y e s
I don’t doubt Chris Evans’ potential at playing Buzz light-year but I think they would’ve been better off with Tim Allen reprising his role
this pic gose so hard. feel free to screenshot
Tbh this trailer doesn't tell us what the story is about other than "Buzz Lightyear is an astronaut" with a generic Sci-fi style. Those who never watched Toy Story or the original cartoon may have no reason to see it from this trailer alone.
I bet there's gonna be something with toy story at the end or something
Finalmente o YouTube me recomendou isso, sem eu procurar.
To infinity, and beyond.
Who else took a a while to realize that the movie was about buzz
Nobody mentions David Bowie ? What a shame.
Now I know what buzz means that he need to go back to space in Toy Story 1....
Any remember the buzz lightyear cartoon that used to come on Disney XD I kind of wish they did that one as a CG movie
I’d like to know what 4.4K people didn’t like about this
I need Tim Allen's "To infinity and beyond"
Soo this is what buzz remembers
Here's to hope!
Beyond
Y'all don't understand how loud I screamed AND BEYOND
He kinda looks like paladin danse from fo4 and the other way around too
Pixar are going woke
When we get tamil trailer
Please, dont ruin this movie disney. for the love of God do not ruin this movie
-"To infinity"
Is this the first instance of a film being made within the continuity of another film? Like, a film that a character in a pre-existing film has or could watch? It's the equivalent of making any of the films from Tropic Thunder or Last Action Hero or something.
To infinity of exploitation and beyond!
This one i actually hype about, not just because its a scifi western animated (Which is rare) but also because the creator says Buzz is a blockbuster toys from this movie.
I am sad that Tim Allen isnt included in this production. HE IS BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! I won't be giving Disney or Pixar any of my $$$ to see this. Eventually it will be free or in the dollar bin at Walmart.   I do understand that Buzz (TIM ALLEN) is the toy and this is the story of the 'real' Lightyear that the Toy is based on... still ... you would have thought that a SMART DIRECTOR/WRITER would have addressed that in the first scene.....  I am pretty sure I am not the only one thinking this as the topic is easily found on the internet.  Many are NOT HAPPY with the exclusion. We LIKE THE TOY STORY! ----- Even Penny and Leonard used the TOY STORY THEME SONG in their wedding vows!!!!
David Bowie's song in this trailer is awesome and fits perfecrly😃
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampaui nya 🗿
1:02 Wait, is that Combat Carl????
Waiting for Woody Wild West trailer soon 😝
Pixar is the best!
The lighting and and attention to detail is really impressive.
So is he an actual person in the world of Toy Story and the Toys are based off a real life Buzz Lightyear? Or is it a TV series or Movie set in the human world of Toy Story and the Toys are based the TV Series or Movie? Or are the Toys for a TV Series or Movie inspired by the true story of a real life Buzz Lightyear in the Toy Story Universe?  I need answers! :P
Low-key definitely hyped 😊
i was hoping this was fake but nvm
Wowww
Where is woody?
*Remember, if Buzz Lightyear is in the movie then Zurg must be as well!*  *And don't forget, also possibly in this movie is a laser shooter in Buzz's arm, wings for possible flight (or falling in style) and maybe even the belt from Toy Story 2 that allows Buzz to fly (although if I had to guess, I would say he gets that at the end as an upgrade or in a sequel movie).*
27 year old getting goosebumps here!!!
I hope we will see Zurg
evans doesnt sound bad as lightyear. looking forward to seeing this
This is the new trailer of Halo Infinity?
This looks FANTASTIC! Cant wait!
Buzz but more realistic
Can't wait for it!
"They'll be telling stories about you, singing your praise for years to come... hell, maybe they'll even make a line of toys after you"
...beyond
To Infinity and beyond ❤
So who would voice Woody??? Ironman??? 🤣
I've watched this trailer 10 times now. I can't get enough of it
This pic goes so hard, feel free to screenshot
The fighter ships remember me the Sabre from halo reach and no mans sky ships and i love that....  Plus David Bowie song
Beyond!!!!!!!!!
Siii alfin después de tiempo... Walle 2
This goes hard
To infinity and beyond...
"Hey guys look! It's the real Buzz Lightyear!"
This animation really be phenomenal to infinity and beyond
David Bowie playing in the background <3
Is the voice actor the same as the one in toy story?
The quinjet has come a long way
i got so sad seeing this. this was my childhood
Dude some of the scenes look like a Nolan film. Pixar don't joke around.
1:20 why does this hurt so much
Its been a while since Pixar's other scifi movie, wall-e. Can't wait to see buzz in cinematic action, but for anyone who can't wait, there was a spinoff show of Buzz where he was 2d animated, and had some cgi shots of the toys coming to watch it.
Finally my dream has come trueee
Bruh It's just Buzzlightyear but Gigachad
To infinity and…
La nave me lleva a recordar a Star Wars. La nave es la única copia de Star Wars.
I’m so excited
I think this filming will mark a before and after in the era of modern cinema. It will be the new back to the future of this generation.
To infinity and...                                                Beyond!
Buzz vs zurg
The Starman song was made for this trailer!!! Cannot wait!!!  They need to release the full version of this song as well, it’s epic 👌🏼
MENUJU TAK TERBATAS DAN MELAMPAUINYA...
Al infinito y mas alla
NAAA EXPECTACULAAR
To infinity and beyond!
buzz?
YOU ARE A TOY!!!!!!!!
Is that Dagobah?
To infinity and beyond........
YOU ARE A TOY!!!
THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER
Towards infinity and beyond
no mans sky, the movie.
Wow
Buzz Lightyear? More like Chadyear
Now, that's how you sell a toy
No Tim Allen?
My childhood used to be perfect, not anymore…
buzz!!!!!!!
Buzz the light year is here to make every one go through  rollercoaster of emotions 🎉🎉🎉
अनन्त से भी आगे।
beyond.
TIM ALLEN is da BOSS
So… Buzzlightyear must of did something to save humanity to have thousands of toys made after him.
I thouhgt he was just joking when buz said he is an agent.. In toy story
OF COURSE theres a black woman astronaut.  Way to ignore the animated series
This will be Toy Story 3 in 2011
Yoooo what if actually buzz didn’t know they made toys about him and later one day finds out one of them are alive
You are a toy
FINALLY!!!!! Can’t wait!!!!
Now do woody
*Buzz lightyear Lore*
Next movie get leaked called *WesternYear*
"Space ,The final frontier  These are the voyages of the-"  Wait wrong universe
“Look at you! You’re a BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! Any other toy would give up its moving parts just to be you! You’ve got wings, you glow in the dark… you talk! Your helmet does that, that... that "whoosh thing"! You are a cool toy!”   - Woody
After Soul and Luca I can already tell this is going to be an amazing movie.
0:56 Star Wars reference
Does this mean I can get a Pixar western with Woody?
That aliens alarm disney own it now
Disney Pixar’s Interstellar. I’m ready.
This looks really good! What a way to take a character from an existing IP and make a completely different story based around them.  I didn't know I worked for Pixar, LOL!
This trailer blew my mind.
YOU ARE A TOY !
To Infinity and Beyond!!
This pic goes so hard. Feel free to screenshot
"This pic goes so hard, feel free to screenshot"
Hmmmmm toy story 6 look nice
who yell "BEYOND" after video end
lol why
Why couldn’t you guys get Tim Allen he’s the only buzz lightyear I know smh but the trailer looks great
This trailer goes hard. Feel free to screen record
Where's Tim Allen?
To INFINITY and BEYOND!
Ohhh look Pixar flexing their animation muscles again
Crazy how I have no idea what’s happening but I’m still invested
Does nobody else think this is embarrassing?   Like everything from the slow rendition of Starman, to the title just being called “light year”. It’s taking itself way to seriously for a toy story spin off
wow, pero que HD
Why does this feel dark. Btw this is giving me those Wall-E inspiration
to infinity and beyond
Yes, its buzz
Anyone realized we may see Emperor Zurg in this movie?!?? 😱
가슴이 웅장해지네..
I'm waiting the epic moment when Zurg says: "I am your father"
Either this is a movie in the Toy Story universe or this Buzz time traveled/ landed on Earth in the late 80s and started to sell his life story as science fiction. Leading to a popular kids tv series, video game, and action figure.   If it's a movie inside a movie than it better end with Andy telling his mom they have to wait for the end credits
We finally know that Buzz is a brunette!! I always thought him to have raven black hair 🤣
i hope woody also get movie adaptation
0:01 i think its "Okay, status. Boomer." lol
I jus dont know about this tim allen not being buzz..  But it will still be great!
The scene where Buzz flys around the sun might be reminiscint to the opening scene in First Man.
#ToInfinityAndBeyond
<#3333
I hear there is a lot of Buzz around that movie?
I felt he is buzz in toy story
yes yes yes
wow I'm definitely going to watch this
Amazing Lighting... Amazing Models... AMAZING EVERYTHING
Man I'm really looking forward to this movie it looks good :)
Why would they not use Tim Allen?
To infinity and beyond! Whooohooo! Cant wait to watch this! Yipeeee
Nice
Star Wars......but Disney
This pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
“To Infinity...” “...and...” Crow: “Shh! Disney! Lawsuit!” Tom: “A-And some other places!”
We might not have gotten a Halo movie. But at least we got this. And I'm okay with that.
"To infinity....and Beyong!"
so buzz is g*y, ok
Im so happy theyre making an Among Us movie
Buzz lightyear😍
How did he end up being a toy? Black hole?
How did he end up being a toy? Black hole?
Oh so captain America did go to the moon   Only true marvel fans will understand
Can't wait for McDonalds to make a toy of this
It's interesting to see a movie about what inspired the toy's creation
the trailer is cool, movie looks meh
I thought he would have a buzz cut
This makes a turn on how pixar connects their film's first they use to just hang stuff here n there but now they are taking a direct approach. 👌👌
Buzz lightyear is having his own Marshal movie
I am gonna watch this with my kid
If buzz will get his own movie, will woody get his own show like in the toy story universe
Is this a show or a movie?
I wonder where Zurg is......... LOL😂
The launch sequence (liftoff) was almost like the one from the Halo: Reach game.
I'm sorry, WHAT!?! they are making a buzz lightyear movie?
1:19: Never thought that star command personnel wore praetor armor.
When buzz goes human mode:
So.. so Buzz was a human and the toy is based off of him?
YOU ARE A TOY!!
Woody: "Look Buzz, an alien!" Buzz: *PTSD kicks in* Woody: "HAHAHA I got you!"
in 2023: "and the Oscar for Best Animated Feature Film goes to.."
Imagine all of this ends with the spaceship crashing on andy’s bed
He wasn't flying that ship     It was just falling in style
I really wonder if Emperor Zurg will be in this.
*Beyond.*
When does he become a toy
Woody: Ooooooo
Waiting for film about Woody in 2025
It's mixed with Treasure Planet, Star wars, Guardians of the galaxy, The Martian, The Right Stuff, Apollo 13, Planet 51, Titan A.E. and Starship troopers.
This looks great can't wait to see Woody
When toy story is sus O_O
I wonder how much Easter eggs are in this movie, I wonder when the sequel “Woody” is coming out, he’s a toy right? This is happening in his head, looks like Star Wars.
It's about TIME Pixar...
to Infinity and...End Game
The lord is my shepherd he gives me all that I need
buzz lightyear before becoming a toy
Memories Bring back memories.
I have no idea how this is supposed to connect to Toy Story but this movie looks great, I can’t wait.
This movie gonna be one of the top kids movies maybe movies in general in 2022
Yeah that music was awful.
Buzz has hair!
Anyone remember buzz lightyear of star command
Buzz lightyear?
But but but YOU ARE A TOY!
The real question is whether zurg will be in the movie
The Cat is going to be Evil, right?
We have Chris Pratt Mario and Chris Evans Buzz.. The new MCU is being build before our eyes
Could’ve ended with “Beyond” 😭😭😭
Someone said  that Pixar movies start with their ending and work backwards, this feels like that
My 4 year old self is so happy right now
Zurg must appear in this movie somehow, I just know it. Buzz Lightyear can't be the same without his arch nemesis Evil Emperor Zurg.
Zurg in the movie?
Is that the bee light man?
Who is grateful that Pixar exists? :)
Tim Allen likes this.
is this about the toy, or the astronaut that inspired the toy?
I don't know how to feel about this upcoming movie
So... will he be saying, "I can do this all day..." ?
RTX: on
beyond
to infinity and war
OK, Somebody needs to call Elton John & let him know their is a new RocketMan in town 🚀🚀
LOOKS LIKE BUZZ
Toy story woody is finally here
Andddd................ assemble
Buzz lightyear star commander how many of you have watched that cartoon .
It’s unreal how good the animation looks compare to any other 3D animated shows/movies
Tim Allen?
Smart for the first trailer to not really showcase any talking lines by Buzz. The reaction to this video would be very different
1:20 Suit up!
this is just..... poggers...
“To Infinity and Beyond”
Buzz Lightyear has joined the chat.
Two words... Pizza Planet
I'm Glad they actually decided to make the film that the toy was supposed to be based on.
That's the issues with modern pixar feel free to screen shot, I miss feel free to cry
Toy Story 5 looks dope..
This is based off that old buzz lightyear cartoon
Когда выйдет трейлер к тачкам 4?
NGL this GOES.
Pixar has seriously improved in animation since buzz's first appearance in movies, and this trailer proves it. Way to go, guys!
I'm 16..and I can't wait to watch this masterpiece.
The graphics are amazing!!!!!!!!!
To Infinity and Beyond.
Toy Story 5
why am i so emotional with this trailer????
“TO INFINITY AND BEYOND” Tim Allen couldn’t have said it better himself!!!!
That David bowie 😭😭👏👏
Buzz lightyear
I’m tired of old IP content.
yeahhhh so excited for it!
Trailer makes it look like Buzz Lightyear is a main character. But then you see it's from Disney and you know it's gonna be woke and full of current-year politik and agenda.
.......beyond 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 Watched  20yrs ago ...childhood  like yesterday .
Esto no se si habrá Sido de verdad o que me lo soñé, pero yo recuerdo que había una especie de especial animado o creo que era una serie, en 2d osea puro dibujo de esto mismo, en el que Buzz era un guardián espacial y todo eso, había otro weon con su mismo traje incluso (creo que varios), no recuerdo nada de la historia pero me daba una sensación a lo Star wars (osea bastante seria) creo que terminaba con la cámara alejándose y revelando que todo estaba en la tele y que creo que Buzz y los demás (los juguetes) estaban viendo el programa, más o menos como el inicio de la segunda película ._. no sé si me lo habre soñado de chico porque recuerdo que lo ví más de una vez
I hope emperor Zurg pull up. Remember that's his real father.
BEYOND
Se parece al buzz lightyear de mad
Now we just need a western with the real life Sheriff Woody and Round Up gang, I vote Jon Hamm,  he needs to be in a Western
BEYOND!!!!!!!!!💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽
Yup I'm seeing this day 1
Ehh hair reveal is great
Does he get shrunken or from a small earth cuz in toy story he is a toy?
I understood that reference
This is epic
But no Tim Allen?
they actually made buzz into a true space ranger and human.. im in for it ;    hope to see woody in here
He’s gotta have a woody toy somewhere in this film 😂
Is this movie How buzz became a toy or atleast his soul trapped in one
Woody: guys look it’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear 			buzz: exactly
I hope his wings aren't made of a terillium-carbonic alloy.
Buzz with hair🥰🥰🥰🥰😍😍😍😍
So buzz was real and they made a toy about him.....😲😯😮
this would have been the best movie in years if only.
Woody guys look there’s the real buzz lightyear                          	buzz: exactly
Wow
This doesn't seem like a pixar movie
This looks like a PS6 game 🎉
DAVID BOWIE
This is lit 🔥
Astronauta de Mármore kaks
Как же вы прогнулись(
Inaccurate depiction of the sun/star :(
Woody :(
Miss Nesbit finally gets her own movie I’m so excited
For one moment thought Buzz Lightyear was based on a famous series from the Toys Story universe or something
Honestly feels like it could be a live-action movie.
Years of academy training wasted
IVE NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED FOR AN ANIMATED MOVIE!!! THIS IS SIMPLY AMAZING!!!!
Bowie!!!!
oooooooh
just when I thought it was over
Está re patiado jaja
Can’t wait for the iconic “there appears to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere”
This seems like an interstellar trailer
Where' woody?  Buzz?
W
Can’t wait this looks good!
Wait... Buzz has hair?!
This means theres a possibility of a woodys roundup mini tv series...unlikely but just saying
just that they have permission to use Starman as a Song is just incrdible
Is this real?
Looks good, but not hearing Tim Allen's voice is pretty jarring... 😖
Whoa! So Cool!
Into infinity and beyond
Can't wait to see what "woke" bs Pixar will come up with to ruin this movie.
and in 2023 they’ll release, ‘Woody’.
End then woody shows up in a post credit scene
this is so cool what
To infinity.... And beyond.......
"To Infinity" "And.... y"
When Buzz Lightyear was no longer a toy
Please let Tim Allen voice buzz Please
Can't wait for the catch phrase
A bit creative if that buzz lightyear toy is based on a "real" person and the toy is his mascot to remember him goodbye??
nowadays Tokens are everywhere like in SouthPark. And I take these things KINDLY.
Once this film gets rated, the comments will go *bye bye*
#imnotcryingyourecrying 🥺🙈💚💫👨‍🚀 #toinfinityandbeyond
Where's Zerg?
와 버즈라이트👍🏻
T-theres a star MAN *sniff Waiting in our hearts! *Balling
THIS IS SOMETHING I WANT TO WATCH!
NUNCA QUIS QUE 2022 CHEGASSE TÃO RÁPIDO! Não vejo a hora de chorar vendo esse filme 🫂
Hollywood has been out of ideas ,for the last 10 years. That writers strike eh ….
Bud Light Beer
Next will be woody and he wouldn't be a toy he would be a sheriff in the wild west
No thanks.
Is Zurg in Lightyear?
Yeah. Many Many Time, Sincerely, Toy Story been released at 1990s, this is mostly Cool subsequent the Toy Story 2 telling about Best Moment Part of Buzz Lightyear
Oh my gosh, it's happening. Finaly, buzlightyear non toy version.
It’s really real… ITS REALLY REALLY REAL!!!!
That music reminds me WALL-E
1:18 Master Chief? Is that you?
I want no part of this if lightyear isn’t voiced by either Tim Allen, Patrick Warburton, or at the very least Xavier Fernandez.
Hope we get a Woody movie now, later !
So our main character is buzz lightyear
I hope it ends with him crash landing on a strange alien planet and then a cowboy surprises him.
This is just for a toy btw
Is this like a real person or a toy in someone’s imagination?
how are we ever supposed to tell buzz lightyear he's a toy again.
at this point every character atleast the main ones like jessi should get their own movie instead of doing a toy story 5...
Shiba 🚀🚀🚀
Did the scene with the suit hanging on the wall give anyone else Master Chief vibes?
I like the Bowie! They finally used Starman and not Space Oddity like most usually do.
This movie please hindi dabbing
He still missed the truck...
ง่าาา
Way better than the new star wars trilogy
is this buzz lightyear but human version?
Mr Potato Head should have his own movie next
garen ?
"to infinity and your mom"
Buzz got dat drip.
This is gonna be so cool if I see this next year
For real?
i thought it was a toy
Woody: “Hey guys look it’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear.” Buzz: Exactly.
Why do I get this feeling that Buzz will die or be lost in space by the end of this film just to save the people on Earth. Then these people he saved gets inspired from his sacrifice and makes a toy as a tribute to him.
How did a futuristic space ranger I influence the creation of a 90's children's toy?
Alright! To infinity and summer 2022!
We have come a long way. Probably Beyond Infinity.😀
Hope they give Woody a tv series n a movie.
I thought this is a tv series. But my god this looks EPIC!!!!
Star command dr. Seuss The Incredibles MK ultra exist
Oh, so this is how you squeeze out every single drop of my memory of Toy story 🤨 But i love it 🥰
Now we need a cowboy movie for woody.
So I guess the toy was based on an real astronaut in the pixar's universe???
Good for Chris I guess but ditching Tim just because of his politics is pretty greasy.
body : tu eres un juguete boss: a no
OMG!, omg just omg
so this is pretty much inspired by the empire strikes back mixed with marvel movies and just a bunch of other random sci-fi movies lol
Paladin Danse
Why does it looks like captain Marvel trailer
The biggest part about this is Buzz having a cat
Plot twist: this is the prequel to wall-e
This looks like Interstellar ngl
*Buzz*
I AM OUT OF WORDS 😭😭😭😭😭
Can't wait for the movie, amogus but realistic.
This trailer goes so hard, feel free to screenshot
Can't wait
now we need "woody"
Wait, how does this fit into the Pixar theory?!?!?!?!
Chris Pratt as Mario Chris Evans as Buzz Lightyear Chris Hemsworth as [insert classic character name]
Beyond!
this is the one disney spin off project that makes sense, we have no clue what exactly buzz lightyear is or why he was made into a toy; meaning there is some cultural significance to him (any toy ever has a cultural significance or a cognitive use, buzz has no cognitive uses or educational purposes so he will serve as a cultural phenom)
I WANT TIM ALLEN
looks like will be one of the worst pixar movies
I can’t wait to see Zurg in this movie tbh lol
-To infinity and Beyond-
1:29 ...my foot!
Me at the age of 29 is jumping up and down with excitement like 6 year old me would if I saw this as a kid
Why this Buzz is in 8k?
👁️👄👁️⁉️⁉️ THIS IS THE LORE OF BUZZ LIGHTYEAR⁉️
Im crying
Wait, so the old Buzz Lightyear of Star Command movie was an OVA? The whole thing with Zurg and the empire and the corruption of the Uni-Mind were all just a side-story? Not canon?   My childhood was a lie...
This is amazing!  Since the new action-packed Buzz Lightyear movie is coming out in the summer of 2022, I want more!  First, I want a Sheriff Woody Spin-Off with Chris Pratt as Woody and Kelly Clarkson as Jessie.  Second, I want DreamWorks Animation to make a Boss Baby spin-off centered on a young superhero with Super Speed, Heat Vision, and a Sonic Scream named Marcos Lightspeed, starring Mark Wahlberg and directed by John Krasinski.
There should be a woody movie, am I right
To infinity & beyond hits hard when it's said at the end of Toy story 4
next is probably woody lol
Now we need a woody film as well
Feels weird they didn't cast Tim Allen for Buzz. Like, really weird...
Still waiting Emperor Zurg
Probably gonna be woke garage
영화이름 광년 ㅋㅋㅋ
It's amazing how much emotional power these remixes of classic songs have: just elongate them, add some Zimmer string-arpeggios, and some huge, galactic drums....so simple, but it really works. Think of that amazing Godzilla trailer with Claire de Lune...that was better than the movie itself.
Cash grab trash.
This goes so hard, feel free to screenshot.
This trailer goes so hard, fell free to screanshot it
This video's hits hard, feel free to download
Oh boy oh boy oh boy
we better see Zurg in here
I hope we see Andy. And he's massive.
Thank you disney i will give this 1,00000000000,0000000,00000,000/10
I hope we see Hamm
You’ve got a friend in me...
This video goed hard feel free to screenshot
Haha 😂 awesome 👏
So where will the Pizza Planet truck appear in this?
The dreams of a toy sitting on a store shelf waiting to be bought. I hope this is good but since Disney owns Pixar it's hard to get my hopes very high.
To infinity....   And.....   **summer 2022**  I agree
So either this entire movie is a toy set by a kid like Lego movie or buzz was real and a toy was based around him
Its amazing rendering become faster and more realistic, 8/10 since good hardware isn't affordable for some people nowadays.
This will be my number 1 Disney Movie, I know it. So excited to travel to infinity and beyond.
Beyond!
Is he still a toy though
I’m 90% sure that this movie is either the after life of buzz after Andy forgets about him, or it’s based off of Andy’s imagination
Himm genelde toy story sevmem ama güzel gözüktü
I was SOLD when i heard the David Bowie
Buzz Lightyear, I come in peace
When the imposter is sus
Infinity and beyond                         -Buzz light year
CARS 4?
*Buzz light year if he never crashed at Andys*
0:56 Buzz going to Dagobah?
Buzz fire
They even used David Bowie's Starman, respect!
Possible among us reference
This is beautiful in every sense of the word
So Chris Evans will now sacrifice himself instead of RDJ and everyone will cry again.
I've watched this trailer almost as many times as I have watched Toy Story.
I want origin stories for every Toy Story character! A Toy Story cinematic universe!  Grungy western for Woody! Villain origin story for Pork!   So many possibilities
according to my calculations I think, if this movie comes out then it would be chronologically located before toy story
We all know who Buzz Lightyear's father is.
I hope woody make a movie
this is just.... PURE CHILLS!! <3
are they gonna make this into a sort of time travel story story via space coz going into lightspeed via a slingshot maneuver around the sun is so star trek ugh...
This video goes hard. Feel free to screenshot.
So, what?  Lightyear goes through an alternate reality portal at the end and ends up as a living toy?  Or have I given the game away? 🙈🙉🙊
Beyond
i have a small theory, it might sound very cliche but hey it might happen, so basically they said this movie is inside the toy story universe, so un short words it's a movie inside a movie, so my theory is its that at the end of light year we might get a caneo of andy at the cinema when he was a kid appreciating the buzz character on the big screen, after he and his mom finish watching rhe movie andy might be saying "mom, remember that "buzz-lightyear toy we saw early con the toy-shop? i want one" and then it clouses with andy smiling, and there its where toy story 1 is starting
I wonder what Emperor Zurg would look like.
What!?!
Is Tim Allen still voice acting as Buzz?
It's been a long time since I've been genuinely excited for a Pixar movie, I can't wait to see this. I just wish Tim Allen was doing the voice.
Looks like a start of new universe in the toy story franchise but with a twist. Next will see Woody, Jessie, and the others in their own films.  I look forward too seeing Buzz and Woody meeting for the first time again.
Plot twist is one of Andys Games
Who fell goosebumps? Or its only me
Imagine after the movie ends, in the credits we see that suddenly Buzz is taken out of his box by Andy...like the whole movie was his life and that's why he thinks he's real and not a toy
Do we really need an explanation on where the Buzz Lightyear toy came from?  I mean, we know he's from a TV show, it's canon.  So why are we getting this?
Beyond!!
Hope this isn't as lame as the 4th toy story
Honestly ? I’m dreading this. I don’t see why they had to delve into making buzz’s story on his box. It might ruin what toy story is all about. Maybe I’ll be wrong but it’s just cuz I hate remakes and movies like this
Would be cool if at the end of the movie, they pass a room where there’s a guy voiced by Tim Allen in a room recording the lines for the toy because the real Buzz couldn’t for some reason
This definitely goes hard. Feel free to screenshot.
This is awesome 👍😃
I wonder what his father looks like...
Buzz Lightyear the movie based on the Toy Story "toy" based on the imaginary TV show in Toy story.  The Absolute meta here is crazy!  Looks good though!
Sooooo, I’m guessing by the end of the movie Buzz does something great and then someone decides to make a toy of him to honor his great feat. They proceed to sell tons of Buzz toys and become filthy stinking rich.
Ok now give me a western movie with Woody.
this buzz lightyear makes me go "this pic goes so hard feel free to screenshot"
This came out of no where.
No estamos listos!
Amazing
To infinity and beyond
THERE'S A STARMAAAAAAAAAN
It feels weird, but looks good
A prequel to Doom? 1:20
finally a decent movie
1:18 HOLD UP!!! ARE THOSE.... Z'GOKS?!
And Pixar said they will stop making Spin Off movies....               NOW GO MAKE EDNA MODE SPIN OFF!
Lightyear: A Toy Story Story
Buzz light year RTX:
Since we’re getting a space movie about buzz, does this mean we’ll get a western for Woody?
Pixar: "Hey everyone, we know you were kinda miffed that we sidelined Buzz for Toy Story 4. So here! Have a Buzz Lightyear movie where he's a human and played by Captain America!" 😂
I thought it was going to be another movie, but it's buzz! This movie is going to be very sick!
Oh. My. God.
I hope some of the characters from “Buzz Lightyear of Star Command” make a cameo!
FUN FACTS : THIS IS ANDY IMAGINATION
THIS LOOKS FIRE!!!!
I ngl this looks hard
What if this is Buzz's dream right before Woody told him he's not a toy.
To infinity and beyond
About time there is a somewhat original movie being made
This new #Starfield trailer looks insane
this looks terrible.
Woody believed he was a toy, so he stayed a toy While Buzz never let others stopped him from believing he was something more.                   ...You're only as big as the size of your dreams...
No Tim Allen, no point.
23hour
So nowhere in the Toy Story movies do they mention Buzz Lightyear as being a real astronaut. We were led to believe that he was based off of a TV show. Now Disney and Pixar are saying Buzz was a real hero in the Toy Story Universe and his real voice sounded like Chris Evans. This was their way to not cast Tim Allen because of his political views and not be criticized.   I like Chris, but he is not Buzz Lightyear.
AND BEYOND!!!
Not gonna lie. I got a bit emotional, especially when Bowie's Starman kicked in. Awesome trailer 👌👌👌
I. CAN'T. STOP. REWATCHING. THIS. TRAILER 😂😂😂😂
God sooo many interstellar vibes going on here can't wait to see it
Awesome movie!! 🤗🤗🤗
Of course just like avengers a.. we get to infinity aaannd...
If this does well, can we expect western movie starring Woody.
Why is this even a thing?
Next trailer: woody
Oh wow
nice, once again. Chris Evans blue-balled us.
OMG its actually is Buzz Lightyear
So why Chris evans grows up to sound like Tim Allen?
“And…”  *Trailer ends*     Here’s your beyond
Hey guys look, it's the REAL buzz lightyear
BEYOND!!!!✨✨✨
Mira, Booster, XR, Warp, and Commander Nebula or no sale.
This pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
🔥💗wo∞ow💗🔥
So...they're doing the movie they should've done over a decade ago when Toy Story was bigger?
"And that toys is how I ended up in Al's Toy Barn."
this  this is gonna be amazing   look at the producer's last name ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I'm thinkin my guy goes through some kind of wormhole and turns into a toy or something idk
Woody: Hey, Buzz! You got your own solo film!  Buzz: This isn’t a film, this is animation with *style.*
I hope the movie won't go downhill
Ain’t even been a day and it’s at 5.2 million views.
Im... conflicted. Not from the animation but with where this is going. When i heard it was buzz movie i thought it be a remake of buzzlight year of star command. This does seem like a origin story before that however that movie had the charm of toystory while still giving an actual movie, aswell as nicely animated and started its own show, giving buzz more character  This just looks it has barely any charm. Nothing wrong with buzz getting his own identity but this movie looks a lil too serious that it doesnt feel like a buzz movie. Not saying it shouldnt be more serious and down to earth but its very uncanny.
I can’t wait for this, the fact that they made an entire backstory for buzz is super cool :D
Well we all know all toys creation got inspired by maybe this was the real buzz light-year and they created it in a toy version cause he's a hero
We’ll have to wait and see if this will become a worthy successor.
1:27 *Avengers! A—*
Zurg in end credit scene would be nice
This got me like toy story
Avengers…
So THIS is what you do? After making the final sequel in a franchise, you resort to milking minor characters? I mean, come on, the series isn’t even continuing! 0/10 - Capitalism.
When Buzz puts on his iconic spacesuit, I think the audiences will cheer louder than those who cheered at the credits of 'Avengers: Endgame'
Man they didn't have to butcher David Bowie's Starman with _"le epic film orchestra"_
i believe buzz will fly the ship, powered with the crystal of sorts, activate the hyperlaunch button, and use the gravity well of the sun to gain a speed assist as he orbits around it and swings back to earth at a much faster speed where he’ll achieve hyperspeed. as he swing back to earth he seems to enter these three rings that possibly slow him down enough to safely enter reentry. to him this mission would take minutes, but to everyone on ground control it would take years. that’s all for my observation from the trailer!  edit: guess no one’s interested in it yet haha
I did not expect this by any means but I certainly am excited
Alv \°<°/
In case anyone needs to know, I finally chose to hit the 'like' button when the Bowie music kicked in.
Im 35, and the 10 year old kid within me, who discovered Toy Story in 1995, could never have hoped for this movie in his wildest dreams.
Holycow cant wait
Disney needed this but I feel I need it more. Will be seeing this on the big screen.
David Bowie :)
I hope they add star command to Disney plus because of this
Ground control, this is Major Tom
Guau
ohh is this like the origin of his story then like the toy is in honour of him.
is this like he traveled into the future?
Maybe somewhere in the movie he'll travel to another dimension; turning him into a toy. Maybe that's why he didn't believe he was a toy in the first Toy Story.
i'd be lying if i said this didn't make me think of StarCraft ;A; <3<3
Looks decent, but hearing Tim Allen's voice with the character would have been more in line with the character.
Oh my god
But buzz lightyear is a toy...
Y Woody??? 😅
Of course there's gonna be diverse strong female character hahah
Joe swanson orgin story is lookin great
From a toy to a real human, now this is gonna be a cool movie 😎
Toy one looks better 😭😭😭
Banger idea
Been seeing this in my dreams but it's going to be reality😁
I smell some connections with Wall-E……
Toy Story meets Star Wars! Can't wait to see this
‘Lightyear’ movie: [exists] Memers looking for potential meme templates be like: [image of black guy in yellow jacket rubbing his hands together while peaking out from behind a tree]
So Buzz does have hair.
I love the dagobah reference
Pixar deserves its own streaming platform.
Toy story after hearing Rock's Verse:
A movie that I predicted would come 10 years ago
To infinity and beyond
Either way... we knoe who's the enemy. That Darth vader in movie 2 or 3 of Toys Story
I never thought i'd be this excited for somthing before.
What
Buzzlightyear
They live in Mars?
अनंत से भी आगे!!! ♥️
This is brilliant...But where's Sora in all this
Buzz is doom guy?
What happened to buzz
Light Years x Halo What a nice collab be like
disney is getting free money from pixar.
Sitting here with a childish grin from ear to ear!
Light-year is the distance light travels in one year. Light zips through interstellar space at 186,000 miles (300,000 kilometers) per second and 5.88 trillion miles (9.46 trillion kilometers) per year.
YEARS OF ACADEMY TRAINING WAISTED!
실화냐
This video goes hard, feel free to screen record
Always loved Buzz. So I might go see especially with Chris Evans in it.
The scene at 1:03 where he seems to be coming out of hyper space makes me think that this will be one of the more, climactic scenes
i think this movie is gonna be great. we’re finally getting to see the inspiration for everyone’s favorite space ranger. and chris evan’s is gonna play him so well i think
To infinity and beyond
Buzz?
Buzz : finally i can fly
In 0:57 i thought it was from star wars for a second
Thought this was gonna be a movie about the legend Buzz Lightyear      But honestly this movie looks sick
I'm not even surprised lol ether way I may as well see this I'll probably have nothing else exciting going on in life
I was waiting Woody appears to a Cowboys & aliens animated version.
To Infinity and Beyond!
can't wait the masterpiece
THAT BUZZ MODEL LOOKS SO GOOD HOLY MOLY (and also this idea i just so genious)
Woody:  YOU ARE A "T O Y"
Rated: PG-13
*To Infinity and Assemble.*
Yoooooooo
Only ogs remember the 2d buzz lightyear movie  This does look quite good though
After 26 years Buzz is finally the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
"this pic goes so hard feel free to screenshot"
so after 13 years pixar is making another sci-fi, space movie. The last time, was wall-e
...BEYOND
Next : Disney Pixar Woody
1:14 the signature animated movie cute, furry, marketable sidekick/pet
This is actually a really interesting take on the character. When i heard about the trailer yesterday i thought this would just be a silly cash grab toy story continuation, but this actually looks really nice.
Oh wow!! Will they bring his team of aliens back? Like in his cartoon series from way back then?
I wish they make human woody or other human version toy
Interesting Buzz Lightyear Looking kinda sus
احلى تحيه للعرب إلى جايين هنا 💪💪
Can’t believe that I’m so excited about this XD lol
This goes hard feel free to screenshot
Beyond
My child hood is still there
New Star Wars movie lookin’ sick!
Chills started as soon as "Starman" came on. Perfect song for this trailer!
Amazing, I wanna see!!!!!
Here we go again
:v
Hasta el infinito y más allá!
Live action plsssssssss
goosebumps
What the flick ooooh
Seems like a sad movie like Apollo 13
Good trailer
Buzz light year!!!! Let’s gooo
And.... Beyond .... Since you story 1 I want this
This is so exciting 🙌
So, from the toy story perspective...This is the story that inspired the tv show and the toy; or it is the tv show itself? 🤔
That's buzz
I feel like this movie is twenty years overdue…
Did people forget that this was already a thing
Woody punching the air right now
Where's the green alien lady?
Not gonna lie but buzz kinda looks weird in this one
we've seen star wars
Chris Evans really loves playing the man out of time
To infinity and beyond
Be-boop be-boop be-boop be-boop 1:14
We can finally give buzz lightyear the proper rtx on treatment
this is some sickass prequel
Tim Allen would still play Buzz, a fifth Toy Story movie is still under consideration by Disney, the spin off is just a story of real life Buzz that the toy is based off, in this spin off, he is not a toy, but a human, so it’s fine his personality is different
This... This!
Bowie and Buzz in one clip 🥺🥺🥺
This trailer goes so hard. Feel free to make shorts.
to infinity and beyond
I hope that on his way to sector 12 his ship goes off course and he crashes and wakes from hypersleep on a strange planet with unstable terrain, air that might not be breathable, and no sign of intelligent life anywhere.
Disappointing. Should've been Tim Allen voiced Buzz
David Bowie star man
Should have gotten Tim Allen.
I literally loved every single one of toy story movies, this looks pretty awesome, can't wait to see it
100% MCU canon
... AND BEYOND!
At the end of the movie, Buzz wakes up and realises it was all a dream and he's actually just a toy.  Also, needs more Tim Allen.
Sheesh looks nice 👀
Look how they upgrade my boy....
Ok whats next? A western staring Woods E.
there has to be at least one reference to woody even if it’s just a little cowboy hat sitting on the edge of the screen.
Why no Tim Allen????
But he’s a toy… So I can already tell this movie is going to completely forget what we know from Toy Story
I'm guessing the prequel is going to be Woody in the old West. Then inclement through out the whole roster until we get a Toys-vengers type of set up.😅
I can see that Buzz actually hyperjump to the future
waiting for waiting
sonsuzluuk veeeeeee ötesineeee!!!!
No
we asked for no way home trailer 2 and we get this
*BEYOND*  THERE I said it!
Imagine at the end we see Andy walking out the cinema saying he wants a toy of him
nice :) hope they do a woody movie as well heheh :) excited for this
Pass
Imagine if they had Tim Allen voice Lightyear, we could have linked the fact that maybe they recorded Lightyear's real voice through radio talk or whatevs and put it in the Buzz Lightyear toy, coz like he's an astronaut right, and they would have recordings of his transmissions. I don't think I'll feel right when/if Chris Evans says Buzz's catchphrase. No hate to Chris tho
Zurg is gonna be the villain I hope.
Chris Evans is cool dgmw, but man it woulda been nice to hear Tim Allen voice his o.g character
1:18 Zaku?!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah literally to infinity and [goosebumps]  :P
Never saw buzz lightear to be in halo gear until now
Theres a starman
The design looks amazing on Buzz and I can't tell if I spotted Zurg in it.  P.S I'm exited to see it
Wait a minute does it mean we will get the story of every toy in toy story ?
Beyond
Just Like Pixar did for this one, They should do a Woody round up movie next the story that inspired the toy and show Or they can do the *BATTLESAURS* cgi movie! Get the TRIGGER team back to animate some elements
I must admit that the trailer is very well done! 🤩👏
The Buzz Lightyear name of villager by Kiara from Ina as the villager goes infinity and beyond
captain america=red skull buzz lightyear=zurg
To Infinity and beyond!!!  It's really happening!!! I can't wait!
1:18 ZZZRRRRRGGGGGGG
To infinity and Beyond.
garbage overrated, tiktok kiddos finna be all over this one + ratio.
The rendering tho🔥
YOU ARE A TOY!
To infinity and beyond
Too infinity & BEYOND!!!
not me whispering beyond at the end hahaha
I like that when he jumps away from the cat, he’s mirroring his toy version’s moves.
Imagine we see zurg this film would be really good
Ok I'm gonna guess the plot: starman dude goes to space to do something heroic, he accomplishes this while also learning some valuable lessons along the way, he gets the girl and then is recognised as a hero to all on earth, on his return he has become somewhat of a global hero and gets shopped around on news shows and gets offers for movie deals and....... You guessed it, toy merchandise (camera pans in on toy buzz lightyear, zoom in and cut to black 🤣)
Why?
So you weren't happy with destroying Star Wars and Marvel, now you want to destroy Toy Story as well?
yes
Of course they didn't let him talk now. We know it's not tim allen 🙄
Can wait see buzz say "i can do this all day"
...Assemble!!! Oh, wait-
hobah si buzz jadi human
"YOU ARE A TOY!!!" Woody -1995    "Come again, old friend?" Buzz -2022
I thought that Buzz should be shorter mainly because he was when compared to Woody
Nurgle Matt Approves
This genuinely looks really good! My next request: Reboot Buzz Lightyear of Star Command. That was my jam when I was a kid.
He more like the doom guy in doom I think.
To the infinity
I wonder if this movie is a movie in the Toy Story universe, much how the Buzz Lightyear animated movie and cartoon exist.
So, these are all the "memories" Buzz has when he first enters Andy's room. "Years of academy. Training wasted."
bro wheres my boy zerg
THIS FILM IS NOT YET RATED is the best part about it. please be at least PG13, pretty please
Bro
I kind of hope they keep XR from the original movie in it.
I'm stoked but don't mind admitting I would have wanted to hear Tim Allen say something like, "more power," or something in that slingshot scene around the sun.
Js
I've been watching this on repeat
Rex at the end of the movie freaking out because to him this is a live action movie  Wondering if this would tie to the animated show in anyway
I’m really hyped about this movie…. ✊🏻🥺
If there's no Zurg, I'm gonna be so sad.
to infinity and beyond
I hope this movie is worth it. Because this alone looks better than all the Disney+ shows or whatever
Really liked this trailer! especially the music!
To infinity And........(bgm playing) Assemble
Lots of star wars references
“To infinity and boop”
To infinity and beyond !
so then. fellow 90s kids. ruined childhood incoming or potentially worthy.   what say you?
T.I.A.B🚀
now do the same with Woody
It's a-me, Buzz Lightyear
You can't just not finish that sentence!  "...and beyond!" Phew, there we go. I feel better now.
Those people who disliked this have Covid...
Hey fellas, all I can say is I'm buzz-ing for this
途中でズゴックいない？
Omg this looks so cool, bringing the toys as real persons !❤️ and of course the toy is like a homenaje to him. I hope it’s not the toy dreaming
Does this confirm that agents of star command is cannon?
To infinity and beyond!!!! Can't wait for this💡🗓️
I hope they don't rip his arms off
Disney isn't the same anyone
I just realised that the trailer had the same music as the scene in the Martian which is fitting considering both of them are films on space exploration
Oh god lol
I like how their suits almost look like Halo
I was not expecting this, congrats to Buzz for getting his Solo film
The graphics look so photorealistic and give me a Star Citizen feel to it, especially the Space Center building an other infrastructure design
0:58 give me a vibe of Yoda swamp planet from Star Wars original trilogy
OH MY GOD
not tryin to hate but why he built like that
And the music immediately reminds me of Bowie's "Maj. Tom".
I am so irrationally excited for this.
BEYOND !
Great
I was expecting woody to show up
Is it just me, or is this a Star Wars movie ? I mean, all the StarWars elements, like Dagobah at 0:57, the hangar scene next , Darth Vader at 1:19 .... is Toy Story the prequel to Star Wars?  Honestly, it would explain all the magic nonsense mumbo-jumbo in the last three Star Wars movies
I am guessing this is the character buzz light year is based off of in toy story? Like when a celebrity becomes a action figure
To infinity and endgame
Where's Woody
let’s get Insomniac Games developing this into a game
Here within 24 hours :D Yas
Amazing
Chris Evans as Buzz might take some getting used to, but it still makes more sense than half of the Super Mario movie's cast.
let do a cow boy movie with woody in it
I always thought buzz was a real person because he thought he was real, and just got the memories of the real buzz, because in one of the movies the different buzz’s fight saying that they are the real buzz
Starman!!!!!
Is this a game or a movie?
...but you couldn't even finish the Buzz Lightyear animated series smh
1:05 that's some starcraft 2 vibes right there
I hope we see a new detailed version of Zurg👀
Even though it just come out for 24 hour I’m pretty sure I have already rewatch for more the 20 times
I am disturbed by how many people think this is a toy story movie or that it's the first buzz light-year movie. Patrick Warburton is buzz Lightyear.
Anyone getting Doom eaternal vibes from his suit?
Bro i bet zurg is gonna look FIRE
So 1st disappointed that buzz isn't Tim Allen cause he should be 2nd It would be cool if we got cameos from a few of the characters from the cartoon
Not bad for a guy who manufactures tires for a living.
1:02 younger Commander Nebula, maybe?
That's awesome! Now I want an origin story on Duke Kaboom! 🇨🇦
Idc Tim Allen will always be my Buzz Lightyear 😞
I don't think I've ever seen a more perfectly designed title than the LIGHTYEAR at the end crossed by a spaceship. I really dig it.
Oh no, they made SOLO animated.
Buzz lightyear  So now every toy story will have its own movie or what  I won’t mind if they do have individual movies
it looked like the guy from toy story at first
Spin off toy story series
Toy story 5 !!!
I feel like this is the origin story of the actual Buzz Lightyear, and the one we know from the movies is just a toy that was made to remember that astronaut’s legacy
#NotMyBuzz
I have so many questions...
the bloke fom tfi friday?
Age of ultron: avengers…a Light year: to infinity and
Wow, this looks breathtaking ⭐👀
I miss old pixar  This too much
I demand woody cowboy adventures movie!!
I don't get it. So in the future Buzz has somehow become a real person?
Looking forward to this.  Hopefully Zurg in it too
I miss David Bowie
Hey Peter
Hey Chris evans at it again ready to ruin another character that I like,what are the odds?!
This is gonna be something to behold in 4k...I will be ready.
Does anyone say that Hainan Island is not Chinese? So it's only a matter of time before Taiwan is liberated!
That ending is so unsatisfying
I love his iconic space suit in this movie, it looks perfect. Man I can’t wait to watch this movie.
Ay this looks fyeee😂🔥
Kingdom Hearts 4 coming along nicely. Cannot wait for Yozora to go interstellar with Buzz and rescue Vs XIII's Nameless Star from the clutches of Darth Vader who is actually the Master of Masters. Yozora's weapon is a sword that lights up. Coincidence?? I think NOT!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEES YEEEEEEEEEEEEES
0:49 Why is this scene so gorgeous?
at least buzz is white
Anyone else getting mr incredible vibes?
Is there zurg for this movie cuz this is buzz lightyear movie
We need a Woody film too!
Buzz with hair is a slightly blursed image
Trailer 2 Please!!!!!!!!!
To the infinity and beyond!
summer…2022????
Buzz Lightyear on geo force rtx
Buzz was on dageoba these crazy masterminds
It will be so exciting to hear captain america saying "to infinity and beyond" 🤯
I'm hoping for a Wall-E easter egg or cameo.
To infinity and beyond
No Tim Allen no thank you
I keep telling myself this buzz light year ain’t the same, but this is what made him into the toy he is
So we meet again Buzz Lightyear
I eagerly wait for confirmation that Emperor Zurg is in this movie.
Now all we need is a gritty Pixar Western about Woody. Call it ‘Round Up’ 😂🤠
Beyond
Hola, somos pixar, ya no volveremos a hacer secuelas  *hacen un spin off*
This is the only Disney film I'm hyped for next year! Can't wait to see how it goes, probably gonna be the movie version of the Buzz Lightyear animated series. The OG armor near the end though!
Woody movie will be RDR3
Woah this is looking really good.
POGCHAMP!!!!!!!!
7 year old me wouldnt believe this existed if i told him
Daymit now my Goosebumps is stuck waiting for "... beyond" 😵
Please Pixar, do not release any trailers more revealing than this. It is perfect. Right now I'm interested.
Does this mean we are going to get a Woody Western too? " There's a snake in my........coming Summer 2024"
Realizing now about what buzz meant in toy story when he said "To infinity and beyond!!"
To Infinity and beyond boiiiss
Finally something original. I've been waiting for something this fresh for the longest time!   Recently everything's just been, part 2 of movie 1, or this old animated movie-in live action, or this movie-remade, or this book-as a movie. It's become so repetitive and boring...  Then we get something fresh all of a sudden. This makes me so happy.
As a 25 year old whose first trip to the cinemas as a child was to watch Toy Story… this release hits different.
to infinity and beyond
To infinity, and....... blalalalalalala
Buzz Lightyear: "I can do this all day..."
I wonder where they are going to work in a Pizza Planet delivery truck?
If the Buzz toy is indeed based on this guy, wouldnt the world be like super advanced with all that technology?
I hope we will see Woody
Where's emperor zurg??
Yaaaaahoooooo.....  To infinity and beyond.....  Look kids this is my childhood thing
Pixar theory intensifies
Aww, I was hoping that H20 delirious would voice for Buzz Lightyear
I saw a picture of this and thought someone did this as a joke
why this so fire
Ergh! Disney has seriously ran out of ideas
ngl, this is the most epic pixar trailer for me
Wait so does this mean there was a black character in the lightyear movies and nobody cared enough about her to make a toy of her ever
Starman - David Bowie
Pixar you’ve outdone us again
Now we’re gonna get a much needed Mr Potato head movie
BEYOND!
I can't wait to watch this movie
Y'all know he's a toy... Right?
Childhood nostalgia 😭😭😭
eh boring
Buzz Lightyear cartoon "Am I a joke to you!?"   Where are all the aliens at!
Daddy?
Of this is real....Yes!
Toy story was a big part of my life when I was younger I would watch it all the time even now re-watching it just oh man. And now they're making this makes me wonder are they going to make a movie for Woody who knows.
Now I really want to see Mrs Nesbitt reference...
Cuts to buzz and woody watching it on a t.v talking about the movie at the end
This pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
Woody : *"YOUUU AAREEE A TOYYYYII!!!"*  Buzz : *"YESN'T"*
But why?
This is pretty cool, makes sense why his toy was so famous too
I'm not as impressed as I'd hoped.  Something seemed off for me? I think they'd have been better going for the look of Toy Story at least, rather than SW Clone Wars which is what this looks like. But this is Toy Story!
So i have to wonder if this is gonna be like the original tv show, or the original movie, or if it's just something new.  I remember the tv show as a kid, honestly it wasn't anything too interesting, but i liked it.  Also.... Is this.....is this an in universe tv show...? Are we following the adventures of _the_ buzz lightyear from the in universe tv show? The one andy watched as a kid?  Woah, i watched a tv show like that as a kid.... And, andy also watched a tv show....like that..... As a kid..... The meta was lost on me as a lil baby me. Lol
wow
I hope this is better than that buzz lightyear tv show. Yeah does anyone remember that buzz show?
I didnt know I needed this but now I really, really do. Lets light this candle!
This is gonna be fantastic 🔥❤
what if buzz lightyear toy is made for the memory of the pilot lightyear
헐
Captain America: "Avengers...." Buzz Lightyear replying to "To Infinity": "And....."  Me: And what??????? Just finish it for once Chris 🙏
Wow this will be awesome
I expect at least 100 million views
Where is Woody?
Where's the three aliens???
this is just so unexpected
Woody in the old days: YOU ARE A TOY! 2022:I'm not a toy I'm a guy who goes to Mars 1 hour
I was not expecting this. He has hair.
Does this remind anyone else of Buzz Lightyear Of Star Command?
Definitely hits the hype and nostalgia notes for me but not having Tim Allen is a deal breaker for me. I'm out. Enjoy everyone.
To infinity and assemble
Wait buzz is a human?!?
YESS YESSS YESSS YESSS YESSS YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Dude this makes me feel so much. I’ve loved the toy story series as a kid. I knew, after number, we would never stop going beyond. “To infinity, and BEYOND!”
I think that rocketman from Elton John also would fit in this trailer perfectly
Fun Fact : Lightyear is a brand (tire) that Lightning M'Queen use on his race
1:17 is that Zurg?
With the number of appearances The Rock makes in movies 🌴, I was pleasantly surprised to see Chris Evans haha 😂
Yoooooo lets go it’s gonna be great
What did Woody say to Buzz Lightyear?  *A lot of stuff, there's 4 whole movies plus some short films.*
Star man waiting is the sky...
This is actually really cool
The phrase "look buzz an alien!" Will have a whole new meaning after this movie...
Woody: release my solo cowboy movie
👍
This honestly feels like a Joke. But I'm completely on board with this.
Mano....
What’ll this be rated you figure?
When do we get the Mrs Nesbitt Spinoff?
Love it
Feels like Pixar is making another adult-themed movie like Incredibles
Time to be a kid again. 🤷🏽‍♂️
1:29 *this pic goes hard*                                                                        *Feel free to screenshot*
Yes. Let the childhood dream come to life!
my childhood ❤❤❤
Man I love the realistic-ish yet cartoony designs, the last movie that did em well that I can remember is the adventures of tintin which is one of my all time fav movies so am glad they brought it back for this
I hope the sidekicks get atleast hinted at I actually wonder how close to the old cartoon it will be? At the very least we need zurg and his BFG
God Lightyear
"Anant se bhi aageee".......- buzz lightyear. Iconic dialogue from the hindi dub of toy story franchise.
*So THAT’S what his hair looks like 😊*
Beyond..
To infinity………..AND BEYOND
Yo
A lot of spambots in the comments atm. Just reminding people to not only report the messages but open up their profile and report the channel itself for spam/scam.
I thought Ace Rimmer had his own movie for a moment.   What a guy.
I was hoping that Tim Allen was going to voice buzz.
Who gave buzz the rtx 3090
To Infinity and Beyond!!!! Literally every kids favourite toy.
Next up: Woody in the Wild West™
Kitty
Buzz Clooney confirmed
this looks amazing! I'm excited to see the film Andy saw
It's falling with style 🚀
how elon musk sees himself : buzz in lightyear how world sees him : buzz in toy story
Bruh people out here referencing toy story instead of actual buzz lightyear series makes me a huge boomer
we finally saw buzz's hair
YOU! ARE! A! TOYYYYY!
A game would be dope
Im ready for epicness.
To Infinity, and BEYOND!
Very very excited, this would be coolest movie of Toy Story Franchise. To Infinity And Beyond!!!!!
This pic goes hard feel free to screenshot
Surprisingly looks good
日本語版声優はやっぱり所ジョージさんかな？
Woody : *FOR THE THOUSAND TIMES , YOU ARE A TOY !!!* Buzz : Its complicated
Wait, buzz isnt bald?
And make the movie PG?
The tech design is so Star Wars / anime, and i'm loving it!
Am i the only one who feels this movie is unnecessary? Like this movie doesn’t interest me at all, and I’m a huge Pixar fanatic
If it isn't Tim Allen, it isn't Buzz
So I guess we will have a western where Woody is real next?
This is my 10th time watching and I'm still blown away by it.
So is this what Buzz Lightyear  has in mind all the time? hehehe, at the end of the movie will realize that is just a toy. XD
BOWIEEEEE
Can you also put Turning Red and Lightyear on Disney+?
another pixar animation movie another sad ending
The new star wars be lookin kinda wack.
Spoiler alert     Zurg is buzz's father
I got goosebumps when they said “to infinity and…”. I just know this movie is going to be great
i haven’t heard david bowie’s starman in a movie since The Martian, and boy this makes me feel so nostalgic. it just fits so well in the trailer!
Why?! Why Disney would make another Toy Story spin-off, not a normal movie?! I understand that is fine, but filming the continuation probably will be better at most.
Is funny people can still believe there is out space.
Dreams do come true 😍
It's like Wall-E and Toy Story have a baby.. I'm cryingg
This movie is meme material
To​ infinity​ Sky​
He lowkey looks Like Doomguy
0:53 looks like chris evans in his childhood
The music gives chills .......
Oh OK that's what Buzz hair look like
Wow, everyone thought is was Spiderman: No way Home Trailer, After an announcement that a big disney trailer is coming out
This is how he became a hero and an action figure ❤️
OK.......
Everyone talking about ol Buzz I'm just over here trying to figure out what's up with that cat though.
I’m just wondering where this will fit into the grand scheme of the Pixar theory timeline
Wonder if we'll get any nods from Booster, XR and Mera from the buzz lightyear series
"Life is Short Thing" "Girlfriend is Nothing" "Father Mother And God Is Everything" "So support to EVERYTHING" ❤️❤️❤️
If Evil Emperor Zurg turns up, will they keep in the detail that he is Buzz Lightyear’s father? 😂
""Let's pray for those people who doesn't have food to eat on lock down and for Corona patient "" ❤💜💚💙
Oh wait!so buzz is not a toy anymore in this movie.
Who else finished the last line 😎
Why not Tim Allen's voice though? Instead we get Capt America in Buzz cosplay
If you pause the trailer when that robot presents something on the whiteboard, you can actually see that they talk about relativity.  Maybe Buzz will have to sacrifice his life with the people he knows to do something heroic because of how time passes for people going at relativistic speeds compared to others kind of like Interstellar. Knowing how Pixar manages to play with our emotions that does not seem unlikely imo
To infinity .... And .... Assemble
"To infinity and" is not a complete sentence. 0/10 would not lightyear again.
Post Credit predictions: Buzz traveled in his spaceship in super lightyear speed he end up traveling back in time. Comes out from his pod, seeing a silhouette of a person in a cowbow suit on a horse. Then Buzz uttered the line: "Hello Woody"
So, I'm the one hoping for Woody's cowboy movie?
I think this is what was in Buzz's mind before he landed on Andy's House 😂
what the
This goes hard for some reason
Prequel to star commander
Let's be real with ourselves, we've never seen this coming.
Ah sweet! Paladin Danse is a space ranger now
Tidak Woody. Ini bukan terbang, ini hanya jatuh dengan gaya
Worst trailer  For kids
Guess we're never getting a re-release of the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command show thanks to this lol
im waiting for buzz to talk, and.
Does this count as toy story 5?
I don't know what to expect anymore, the backstory of Mr potatohead. The cash cow has an endless supply of milk.
Zurg : “i’m your father”  Buzz : **whezee**
To infinity. . . . And . . . . . Summer 2022
No!😩❤️ RIGHT. IN. MY. CHILDHOOD!
"To infinity, and beyond!"                              -Buzz Lightyear
wha
BUZZ: A STAR WARS STORY
To infinity and beyond our dreams goes
Now this will be an Avengers level threat!
To infinity?
Prediction: Knowing PIXAR, there may be an emotional side to this story. The live-action buzz lightyear will probs do something heroic or risk his life to save his friend. Hence, the toy is a tribute to his heroism??? BTW, the scene where he does some karate moves is a move that was represented in Spanish Buzz in Toy Story 3.
Another masterpiece
the big sphere at the beginning gives me titan ae vibes
cringe
BEYOND!!!!!!
“to infinity…” HES GONNA SAY IT HES GONNA SAY IT “aand…” AAAAAAAAAA
It was buzz lightyear I think
We need cars 4
Chris Evans 🔥🔥
This actually captures 90s space-themed aesthetics way unlike Captain Marvel.
so cool! 😁
New Stellaris trailer.
Imagine watching the same movie woody and them watched! 😳
ちょっとビックリしすぎてビックリドンキー
The idea of a Buzz Lightyear spinoff sounds incredibly stupid, but this trailer really gives it promise
Now I want a Woody's Roundup movie.
I am praying to the universe that this has a GREAT STORYLINE, GOOD MESSAGE, EPIC CHARACTER ARCS and ZERO TOKENISM! At least let it be cannon to the animated series! *Please don't do Buzz dirty!* 🙇🙏
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
That was totally wicked!
Bold prediction: at the end of the film, it turns out Alicia was playing with a Buzz Lightyear toy and she was just having fun imagining the adventure :3
He's like buzz
I was hoping when we see Buzz lifting off the first time he would go “To infinity and beyond!!”
People of culture selecting Bowie for a trailer song.
WHOOHOO! BUZZ LIGHTYEAR'S BACKSTORY!!!!!
lets go
This is fake bruh
It looks great, not sold on Evans's  voice tho
This movie looks pg-13 lol
髪の毛初めて見た
why he looked like @Jake @JakersJackets are you seeing this? (worstpremadeever)
Seeing Buzz with hair feels illegal….  Ima just leave that there.
then doom music is on
Buzz : Didn't finish his catchphrase  Me : And..... what, you didn't finished 😂
This trailer goes hard I definitely will feel free to screen record
Just by listening to Chris Evans saying, "and" I think he will be great.
Is this real???? My kids grew up on Toy Story...OMG. I still remember my eldest still in diapers saying every line. Wow. It's been almost 30 years since the original, right? I'm super excited and in my feelings....
And beyond ❤
NGL, was expecting cowboys riding into space as well
to infinity and beyooooooooond.......
The real buzz looks amazing.
Great, now a have a movie looking forward to. 2022 is really a great year. ♥️
When you realise CORYXKENSHIN has more followers then Pixar 😂😂😂
😮😮😮❤️
Song name pls ✌️
So a franchise within a franchise. Neat.
I don’t want to watch movies anymore
Yesh...Pixar be doing a lightyear film..so nice...
They should do one centered on Woody, Jesse, and Bullseye and call it Woody’s Roundup like the show he’s in from Toy Story 2
Next movie is going to be a spaghetti western about Woody
WONDERFULL!!!!!
I love it. Except I really would've preferred Tim Allen for the sake of my childhood.   Disclaimer: I'm not saying it's already bad, I'm just saying something that I hope you get lol
He told me Let the children lose it Let the children use it Let all the children boogie
Is this among us live action?
*AVENGERS A-*
It’s beautiful. I’ve watching this for 5 hours now.
Netflix Adaptation:
No man's sky new update looks lit
Buzz lightyear is related to Mr Incredible  lets add this to the Pixar theory
Literally removing any feelings of Toy Story, this looks like a blast. I'm sure itll do well, but hopefully itll be well enough received that it warrants a sequel. I could definitely see a whole Space adventure trilogy touching on the lore of this rad spaceman
Woah I'm soo hyped rn the "toy story" movies and now dedicated buzz light year movie.
You're too good that my gf is still crazy' to watch you ppl XD 😆
Omg this is awesome
What the actual hell.
"YOU...ARE...A...TOOOOOOY!"
nope! nope! nope! nooooope!
When I first heard about this I was a bit hesitant about how well this movie would do. I don’t have those doubts anymore.
Im guessing that the main villain in this movie is "Emperor Zurg."
Beyond
if they bring out toys for this we will not know what they are now I hope they cancel the buzz design and keep it like toy story 4 buzz
Why replace Tim Allen?
I wonder Zurg also in this movie
He’s not a captain for America anymore, he’s the captain of the whole galaxy 😂
So he's gonna be launched around the sun and is expected to return 4 years later, but probably ends up in an alternate dimension.
ухаххаа, на ностальгии играете? ну у вас получилось))
Wow my childhood returns😍😍😍.....To Infinity & beyond
♪ ♪♫•*❣
Oh my gah
Would have laughed to see Tim Allen voice him and make this like a retro future like bio shock or fallout
Growing up toy story were and still are some of my favourite movies. Can’t wait for this
these doom guy suit cosmetics are getting out of hand.
He's hot
We Need A Woody Movie Too Now 😭
It looks amazing, however I would rather it be more like the cartoon series or at least be set in a similar universe. It can still be more realistic and gritty at the same time :/
No Tim Allen, not interested.
His actual green suit reminds me so much of the 2016 Doom praetor suit
You guys seem to forget that buzz has his own canon not related or any way connected to the toy story universe. There was a whole 2d animated show back then that I watched along with gargoyle and tarzan
Why not Tim Allen?
So Buzz is getting a new origin story? There was that buzz star command cartoon. Would have been cool to see that implemented
Finally Buzz Can finally Go to space
โว้วววววววว
3.9k are emperor zurg's soldiers
I am a softy for everything Toy Story 🥺
Seeing Buz with hair will haunt my dreams forever...
I'm so excited for this!
Netflix could learn so much from this trailer.... it didn't give anything away
shut up and Take my money ( for movie ticket)
This rendition of starman is spot on for this trailer can’t wait to see this in imax
Rip and tear until it is done.
I love Pixar movie and toy story movies  very close in my hart and this trailer teaser Buzz Lightyear this his ossam 😉
I AM YOUR FATHER
0:58 you cannot tell me that does not look like Luke and R2 on dagobah
HOL' UP  Buzz Lightyear - went to space - has the same first name as buzz aldrin  Buzz Aldrin - went to space - has the same first name as buzz lightyear  Connection?
Where is zurg please
This is amazing. I didn't even notice it was about Buzz! I was just like "ok a new Pixar movie and it's about astronauts and space". But then I saw the actual suit and I was like WAIT WHAT? This new take on buzz lightyear will be simply amazing. I hope there are some characters from the animated series though and interstellar-transdimensional exploration, that'd make it even better.
This video goes hard  Feel free to screenshot
looks awesome
so they haveto make a WOODY movie when hes a real cowboy in the wildwest!!!!!
Awww man, you're just ruinig it,  you ruin... look at my lips you're ruinig it
I’m sorry but if the main villain isn’t zurg, I don’t want it
That's Awesome 👌 👏 👍 . Waiting for it  .
Okay this is actually a really creative idea. It's totally leaping off of brand recognition but it's building off it not just a millionth sequel.
It looks amazing! Me and my family love toy story and this is a brilliant idea!
why
Really weird to see Buzz with hair
Who else is hoping (even tho it’s not going to happen) that this will be a little more tailored towards the people who grew up watching these movies.
Buzz doesn’t have an origin story this doesn’t make sense lol  As a wise man once said: YOU ARE A TOOOOY
Starman is such a good song, reminds me of the martian
so much hype for this, it looks stunning already
This is what they called fantasy in fantasy
This is what buzz Lightyear see
The end gave me chills. Ahhhhh yeah I'm so hyped
I went and saw the the first Toy Story when it was released over the Thanksgiving Holiday 26 years ago.  I was 27.
Buzz
YOU ARE A TOYYYY!!!
I love this A reason to forget toy story 4
It’s ok that chris evans got the call. But I’m telling you now. PIXAR IS ABOUT TO LOSE A WHOLE BUNCH OF ORIGINAL BUZZLIGHT YEAR FANS !  WAIT AND SEE.  I miss Tim Allen ALREADY  !
David Bowie music..sooo good!
ᅠ           ᅠ              ᅠ                          ᅠ
What’s this? A marginally original movie from Hollywood? Yes please!
The way how “Starman” played got me so hyped for that movie. The song should’ve been the movie’s theme music. And maybe have it play in the end credits.
That Shot Showing His Classic Suit has the same vibe as finding the Praetor armor From DOOM 2016.
OH MY GOD AFTER ALL THIS TIME IT HAPPEND
Beyond ✨
Toy Story: what if toys had feelings Bugs life: what if bugs had feelings  Monsters inc: what if monsters had feelings Finding Nemo: what if fish had feelings The incredibles: what if superheroes had feelings Cars: what if cars had feelings  Ratatouille: what if rats had feelings  Up: what if dogs had feelings Wall-E: what if robots had feelings Inside out: what if feelings had feelings Coco: what if skeletons had feelings Onward: what if fantasy creatures had feelings  Soul: what if souls had feelings  Lightyear: what if aliens had feelings? Or what if spacemen had feeling?
I fought alongside with him for many times, in Disneyland
reminds me a lot of call of duty's infinity warfare trailer
I'd rather watch the Toy Story character origin story that we all deserve: "NESBITT"
Excited for this!
I. am. not. a. toy.
Aww but what about Star Command? Mira, XR, Booster? Zurg?!
I'm excited 😊
COOL
So is this the story on how the kids on this universe adore buzz
캬~ 역시 픽사얌!ㅎㅎ
Finally a Pixar movie I’m interested in. It’s been soo long
Can't wait to see it
🤯
Chris Evans Human Torch Captain America Buzz Lightyear      Nice
did we really need this? I mean is it even something that's a decent thing today? Rehash of other themes from other medium including the cartoon series.  Would like to see Pixar do original content again, but seeing as Soul got raked for racism that's not possible anymore.
IM SO EXCITEDD
Is it real pixar
What’s the song? I can’t find it.
Looking great!
so its a movie about a buzzlightyear movie
So much creativity! Hollywood at it's best! *sarcasm off
I LOVE PIXAR!!!
OH MY GOD IM 20 NOW BUT I DONT CARE
I will be looking forward to this
yo tats such a cool movie cant wait to watch it and btw pixar is my favourite movie producers...its all my childhood thank u pixar :)
hA UwU
I started the toy story series as a young boy I'm now in my 20's and I'm still going to watch this
This thing gives me nostalgia  😭😭 well u earned it after years of watching  To Infinity & Beyond!!!!!!
So cool
Tim Allen better have a cameo!
no mira dont care
Never thought pixar would make a movie based in buzz lightyears universe a surprise but a welcome one
Hold on does this mean he’ll face off against an absolute suited up mecha Zurg?!
Where's Woody?
1:20 why is the doomguy them playing
kind of weird the official PIXAR channel only uploaded in 1080p
Avengers________  To Infinity and _________
Really hope they put in Zorg and the 3 little green martians OR THE MOVIE WOULD BE VOID
I feel like Andy right now
#bringbackzurg
Where’s Tim Allen?
Pixar is a forge of art, where its artists paint unique works of art for the eyes with render software. It is not just an entertainment animation company, it is an incredible place for creatives to paint unique paintings that we will admire in the time to come. Thank you!
Can't believe they actually did it..
BUZZ IS BACK and so are my childhood memories of him and woody  YOU ARE A TOYYYYYY
It's not flying its falling into space
Wait, was that Dagoba?
And beyond
We better have a movie franchise.
Woody: You're not a toy. You are an astronaut! Buzz: You are a sad, strange little man.
This is god tier marketing. Instead of repeating the same thing with ToyStory, they literally did the unthinkable and made a Buzz movie. Revived the franchise and brought greater ideas to the table. Well done Disney.
It's not the same with our Tim
it looks so good
I want to see the characters from space command series
Um you know or your could make the movie based on the cartoon Buzz Lightyear of star command. An awesome show that already exists and I’m pretty sure is canon within the toy story universe. Like make the origin story of that with all those characters we know and love and not you know completely change it. Just a suggestion.
Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
I’m pretty sure this has to be the backstory of the Buzz Lightyear toy.
Still number 1 on trending....wow
To Infinity and Beyond....................
Spider-Man into the Spider-Verse: I am the most anticipated movie of 2022 Lightyear: hold my action figure
For some reason this gives me Halo vibes.
OMG
I actually love the fact that Lightyear looks *somewhat* like Buzz, but not exactly, in almost the same way that action figures don't look *quite* like the actors.  It makes the change in voice actors make perfect sense -- Allen is perfect with the over-the-top deadpan for the toy Buzz, but Evans sounds both younger and more military, which you'd expect from the 'real' person.  Genius, Pixar. :)  Not that I'm a bit surprised.
now we need woody and the roundup gang
Disney better put buzz Lightyear of star command series on Disney+ while we’re waiting
Did anyone want an mcu reboot of toy story? Because I don't remember anyone asking for it .
So THATS what his hair looks like!
Elon Musk's space ambitions be like
Бесконечность-не предел! ✊🏻
I like that buzz lightyear got his own movie that's a good thing what I don't like NO Tim Allen are you kidding me
Lord, I beg of you in your greatest name to grant the owner of the hand that will support me the joy of prostrating to her crying and endless sustenance, Lord of the worlds 😭😭
I said this myself 'is that Buzz wow...'
No Tim Allen, seriously?
This is next level animation quality 🤯❤️
This also reminds me of Farscape a little.
Why do I have a strange sense of dread a franchise of toy origin stories?
QUÉ
Omg thissss isss perfecttttttt 😭😭😭💖💖
Love the diversity hire!
lowkey expecting a wall e reference
Wow😭
1:08 look at the whiteboard. Looks like Buzz is going for some Interstellar time travel
Now, all we need the entire woody series from the second movie in HD and with the ending included.
Feels like Marvel
Omg you give me chills
So excited!!!! Can’t wait to see Zurg!
So this is buzz origin movie before he become a toy😂🤣
please let him have a best mate back home who just happens to be a sheriff.
in some alternate universe netherworld, it would be buzz darkyear
1:22 this isn’t Buzz Lightyear.. this is Vibrate Darkmonth
Where is Booster and XR though?
Kinda waited to see a movie about Buzz Lightyear since I saw the first movies
AAAAAHHHHH
Spoiler:        The bad guy is his dad
I'll watch anything Chris Evans is in, also this looks amazing.
Buzz Lightyear is on his own without Woody.
the *real* buzz lightyear
I already know what’s gonna happen buzz is going to go through a black hole that will bring him to the Toy story universe.
All the childhood memories rushing back with goosebumps
I’m sorry but if Tim Allen is not gonna be apart of this I don’t wanna see it.
I hope we get to see Emperor Zurg!!!!
Right in my childhood
but why tho?
Man, I wanted this movie made since I was 5 when the original toy story came out. Definitely watching this.
Is this Toy Story pre-sequel before being a toy?
no
This is the most beautiful Pixar movie trailer I've seen in a while!!! I already know they're going to have me tearing up some part in this movie.
Starman is a gift for Future Generations from David Bowie
You put Starman in any Space movie it's gonna fit right in
So after all this time...He wasn't lying
0:56 Isn’t that a Star Wars reference Where Luke space jet is broken in a middle of a swamp planet And he meets yoda
0:57 Is this Yoda?
this gonna go big 🔌
Here's hoping Tim Allen (the REAL Buzz Lightyear) at least gets some kind of cameo in this film.
About time we got more than a live action reboot cash grab.
I CLAPPED WHEN I SAW BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! I KNOW WHAT THAT IS!
I’m digging all of the black representation in this trailer 🤙🏾👏🏾.
Man, this looks gorgeous...
NICE! Well, if Tim Allen isn't doing it, I am really glad to have Chris Evans. I love when he plays the wholesome goodguy sweet-masculine hero rock type.
Noice
Toys in real life is amazing
Okay HotToys, make that figure and spaceship and my money will be yours
those graphics oh myyyy
When he's not a marketable plushie anymore
Woody: you are just a tOy OwO
This makes no sense haha, it’s only fun because they are toys, the rest is just your typical space movie.
Look how they masscared my boy.
Why not bring back Tim Allen to voice the iconic character?  Even if Tim has an older voice, you can always use editing software to make him sound younger
Actually looks amazing.   Great animation. Great voice cast.  Great music. Great character.   = Good chance we get an amazing movie
this gives me wall-e vibes
This vid goes hard feel free to screenshot
Awesome
Mouais encore un truc pour les gens qui connaisse que toy story
Was tim Allen busy or something????
So-o, I take it, this one has nothing to do with that 2000 Buzz Lightyear of star command cartoon?
Interstellar the anime?
It's beautiful... I've looked at this for 5 hours now.
The better version than my show 😢
OK,we need woddy too.COWBOY MOVIE!!!
The Buzz light-year cartoon movie that's been out for a long time will still be better than this one
Epic
only 1 white man for the whole teaser, the main character.  the rest are either black women and men, white women.  even here propaganda
Emperor Zerg better be in this. Otherwise, I'm pretty hyped.
Andy's binge
I hope this gonna be legen--
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND. THIS SURE BRINGS BACK MEMORIES 💙💙
Okay. I'm hyped... but where is the world is evil emperor zurg?
BEYOND
let's goo
they're really running out of ideas
Only if there’s an actual Zurg but looks good.
Who is expecting a lightyear toy in 2022?  Andy: I AM!!!
Capt.
Can't wait for someone to edit this trailer over Interstellar's Stay
I LOVE YOU PIXAR !!!
Whaaa yg ngisi suaranya sugar daddy akuu <3
Tim Allen should have been casted it’s as if they recasted woody
The losses of the U.S. military in the Korean War were 40879 deaths, 149600 injuries, 12279 prisoners and missing, a total of about 202758. How much will the United States lose in the Taiwan war? we welcome America join Taiwan war!
okay this actually looks pretty good not going to lie, i kinda rolled my eyes when they said they were doing this.
Wonderful technical appearance, dubious non-progressive script. (The black quota looks complete ...) Scared about the destruction of another myth. Will see.
At first I thought there being a Buzz Lightyear who was a real person was weird but the more I thought about it the more I thought it's actually a very interesting concept.
My biggest question is... why?
Definitely will catch this in theaters, that Zerg tease w/ Star Wars vibes going on in the trailer! Can’t wait!
I guess Tim Allen isn't "woke" enough for the liberal entertainment industry to hire again.  Will boycott.
Loved it 😭
Woody would be proud of buzz
We need something like that about Woody!
Buzz looks like mr incredible but in buzz lightyear suit🤣
Mrs. Nesbitt is a Space Ranger?
I’M NOT CRYING YOU’RE CRYING
if Emperor Zorg not showing up, then Pixar shouldn't be rising up -Sun Art, Tzu of War
In the long run I hope they do one for Woody. I'd love to see what they'd do and who'd they cast for Woody, Jessie, and Prospector.
There needs to be an awesome fight between him and the evil emperor Zurg!
Maybe this entire movie’s events are happening in Andy’s (as a kid) imagination?
This is better than a live action version.
0:57 Star wars fans : OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH
Anyone else notice the zurgbot at 0:58
This came out a day ago at the time of writing this and it's still on #1 trending
WILL WE SEE ZURG? HE'S FATHER???
Now we need "Woody"
Looks good but it should of been Tim Allen as the voice for Buzz not Capt America Chris Evans
Wait!  Buzz Lightyear’s not actually bald?!!!
So they basically stole Coaxium from Star Wars to power Buzz’s prototype hyperdrive engine. Cool!
Ok Ik this is said to be what the toy was base on but wasn’t there a cartoon about buzz too y’all remember? Is that one also what the toy is base on too?
okay, so who else said 'beyond'
これは期待！
Buzz: "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!"
I can’t wait to check this out
Next level  animation
Chris Evans's voice suits so perfectly for this role. This is going to be amazing!
Tim Allen? Where he at?
me remembering the animated series and that one ps1 game
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR HAIR REVEAL!!!!
I'm betting there's gonna be a wall-e Easter egg in the movie somewhere
Unfortunately no Tim Allen so going to pass, more disney funds filler.
So Captain America's the new Captain Marvel
um WHATTTTTT
The movie we didn't knew that we needed.
To infinity......and.........corndogs. It's gotta be corndogs.
Why does this feel like a set up to a wider franchise? Is Lightyear actually the first movie in the Toy Story Cinematic Universe? The after credits scene shows Buzz being inducted into a secret organization called A.N.D.Y. by a Black Widow-esque Femme Fatale called Bo Peep, as well as an Easter egg  to the next movie in the franchise, Woody's round up.
Literally none of yall read the description and it shows
Stoked
1:20 I swear that’s a scene from doom
OMG This is actually genius
🥰🥰😘😘
every single one of you said  "beyond"  in your mind, I'll slap my mom if I'm wrong.
バズだと思ったらバズだった
I cant wait to see zorg
Bunny: hey Lightyear..
"YOU ARE A TOY"  pixar: *proceeds to make a human version of buzz lightyear*
we do not worry  America soldier join Taiwan war!  as we do not worry  America soldier join korea war!
So a live action CGI?
I Can't Wait to See Disney & Pixar's Lightyear!!! I'm Going to bring Some of my Buzz Lightyear toys to the Movie Theater to see it. I'm Super Duper HYPED!!! To Infinity And Beyond..... 😎🚀😄
Came for Buzz, stayed for Ziggy
this doesnt make sense....
If ever there was a  'shutup and take my money' scenario, this is it.
(Just in case u wanted to know)The reason Tim Allen doesn't voice Buzz Lightyear in this is because Tim voices the toy, Chris Evans is the real life'Buzz that is a real buzz who was a astronaut. Pretty much explaining the real origin of buzz lightyear.
It's really great that Chris Evans gets to voice Buzz, but it would also been great if Tim Allen returned. Or maybe voice a cameo to tribute the original VA.
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Buzz Aldrin would be proud
I think there will be more than a few adults sneaking in to see this.
Remember people. Keep expectations low so you won't be disappointed...  Oh what can I say this looks amazing!
In the trailer: "To Infinity" "And.." Me: BEYOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!  edit: my mom yelled at me for shouting in my room loudly.
Wait...I thought he was a toy? Im confused. So hes based off a real person?
This is cool and all, but...   *What about Zurg?*
Cinema I am coming
Oddly enough I feel like he’d be best friends with a cowboy
0:12 Just a small star wars reference. Coaxium
I'm hoping for a woody movie next.
Another wrong casting because Hollywood hates anything other than it’s own ideology. WE NEED TIM ALLEN!
Kept rewatching this just to listen to the cinematic edit of Starman
The teaser trailer leaves me with even more questions.
waiting for lightyear to be STS-51-L'd
Beyond.
Why couldn't they still use Tim Allen?
Anyone else notice that his ship uses Coaxium as hyperspace fuel?
Nope! Already ruined it, you can’t have people just change everything from the voice, to him not being a toy and having his own story…. Not a fan.
He isn't a toy now
...... And Beyond.
Honestly, if this movie is nothing more then Pixar using Toy Story's legacy to do a fun space adventure movie, I'll be happy.  (Disney, for the love of God, let Toy Story rest for at least a decade)
The Martian but Pixar. Ight why
Look amazing
Can't wait for this to be added on Disney plus
I hope it's like that old cartoon
Plot twist, this is all inside a kids head whilst playing with their buzz lightyear
"YeArS oF aCaDeMy TrAiNiNg WaStEd!!!"
Keep the Toy Story movies coming. Best thing out of Pixar. Never gets old 🙌🙌🙌🙌 my childhood is now complete!! Buzz deserved his own movie.  I bet after watching the haters will all of a sudden "love it" 🤦
He traveled to future??
Where is Luke Skywalker at 0:58? Use the force Buzz🙏🏻
I Thing Lightyear is Science Fiction
1:17 Zurg
The cheek, the nerve, the gall, the audacity and the gumption to have someone other than Tim Allen voice this character.
Where    Were         You         When        REPUBLICONS         Destroyed      The        World
This is Futuner
1: I really don't think it was meant to, but hearing Starman playing made me cry 2: THEY DID NOT HAVE CHRIS "Avengers! Aaaah!" US AGAIN SHFJSHEJSK
Omg it looks like this is gonna be epic! 💕
Buzz Lightyear is Back!
So is this going to be a movie about an actual, real-life figure in the world of Andy and the toys prior to the creation of the Buzz Lightyear toy? Or is it a story about what is, to Andy, some fictional character that the toy was just merchandise for? 🤔
Next movie WOODY !!!!!🤩🤩
Will Zurg be in the film?
I got excited until I realized they replaced Tim Allen
To Infinity and Beyond
NEXT Movie: Woody Roundup
YOU ARE A TOYS !!!
I dont get it tho like is it supposed to be like “oh lets make buzz lightyear into a real person and make a real action movie off it” or is it supposed to be like the toy buzz from toy story like his backstory or something but that wouldn’t make sense this literally looks like a whole different/new thing so i guess my question is are they toys? Or are they supposed to be real ppl just using buzz as a character for money idk im not sure looks cool tho but idk how to feel about it tbh
This is so fire 🔥 , it’s amazing!!!!
My headcanon is that this is the realistic movie reboot of the Buzz Lightyear TV show in the toy story universe.
Great character, they should make an action figure about him or something.
I wonder why Chris Evans never said anything in this trailer
The Origin Story of Buzzlightyear
someone’s getting nominated for best animated film 👀
Tears of joy right now!
after lightyear we might see a woody's roundup movie...
Where's Zurg??
To Infinity and Beyond
I can tell this is going to be certified bussin
1:17 Is that Zurg!?
So he's a toy or what?
Pixar has done it again!
Maybe soon they make woodie  story
Toy story
nobody:  literally nobody:   me: impatiently waiting for a pixar movie
Aquí la historia
I have a theory for this movie. It might pull a little bit of an Interstellar on us. Buzz's dad is an astronaut. He goes up on a mission which ends up hurtling him into deep space. Buzz is now following in his dad's footsteps, training at the acadamy for years, just like his father. There's a new mission now, the test of the first space craft with the ability of faster than light travel, thanks to those crystals we see in the trailer, plus star command engineering. Buzz is the best pilot they got, and so he volunteers. He knows this could be his last mission, but that's the risk he is willing to take, to honor his missing father, who is somewhere out there. There might even be a chance he's still alive, although slim. He takes flight. He successfully travels at lightspeed. Little does he know he has traveled centuries into the future, because while to him it looked like no time has passed at all, time went on without him for centuries. Star Command now has colonized worlds beyond the Milkway, but a new threat emerges from the cosmos, a threat that star command is unable to contain: Zurg. Buzz and his team must stop Zurg from destroying star command, for leaving him out there in space so many many centuries ago, for taking him from his only son, Buzz Lightyear
Buzz's anatomy here looks more similar to human characters than the toy one which means this movie serves as a "live action" movie  and the buzz we are seeing right now exist as an actor to the Toy Story world
Toy story 5 when
Female Astronaut: To Infinity  Buzz Lightyear: And....  Director: Cut!!! Buzz Lightyear: Ah! Sorry I forgot the rest. Director: Ah! It's Okay. We are ending the Trailer here. Fans will complete the rest.  Fans: ....and Beyond
Any one still not gonna pretend that Buzz’s dad is emperor Zurg?.
They need to have Booster, Mira Nova & XR in this movie. Not having them with Buzz is like having Batman without Robin, Batgirl & Alfred.
Toy story is back with no toys yooo
Depending on the plot this could be best picture worthy
Bad idea
Look like markiplier!!😗😗😗 Like if you agree  Edit: thank you for the 1k!!
This teaser trailer itself already made me want to watch it! I’m super excited for this movie!!!
😻
No tim Allen.. then it's not buzz..doesn't he fit your woke agenda
To infinity and beyond
Looks like Joe from Family Guy
Please release this epic remix of starman song i beg you
This trailer is just so good
OMGGG 😭😭😭
0:55 is that a Star Wars reference
We got Lord of the Rings after Hobbit by Tolkien  Now we get Lightyear after Toy Story  People who grew up watching Toy Story will love this.. a matured take on the Buzz Character..   Pixar has again struck gold..
MANO, TU É?
No wonder this is number one on trending, its beautiful.
We definitely need a *Woody* origin movie.
Animation good
Plot twist: buzz was never a toy
Great another classic movie getting ruined but this time only one character but let’s see if this movie is good.
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya 🚀
TO INFINITY AND ... Is just like AVENGERS ...
Completely unnecessary.
For some reason i can see chris evans as buzz
Such a great trailer, my son (10) and I (40s) are equally as excited to see this… fizzing!
It's kinda confusing because he's a toy. In toy story so.... maybe we'll find out in the movie😕
Beyond.
He's not flying, He's falling in style
BEYOND
My childhood just jumped and clapped, it is happy.
YOU! ARE! A TOY!!!
Is that just me or does the scene at 0:57 look like a homageto Luke's arival on Dagobah ?
Где Зург?!
Gas lighter! My favourite character)
At the beginning it sounded like the Clone Wars finale.
"Years of academy training wasted."
Brilliant. Just brilliant.
Toy story 1 and 2 are some of my all time favorite movies and childhood memories - So to say that I'm disappointed that Tim Allen won't be voicing Buzz is a huge understatement.  But I still want to see this one.  The potential for a battle against the EVIL EMPEROR ZERG is exciting
Literally chills. I don't often get chills, but this trailer did it. This going to be beyond infinity!
Finally buzz gets his own movie, maybe the covid era isn’t too bad after all
so cool to see what Andy and all the children watched and why they loved Buzz Lightyear so much, getting the toys of him in the Toy Story saga.
BEYOOOOOOND
This looks stupid. Buzzlightyear was a toy! Not a real person! Guess maybe I dont get it cause I was never a fan of the "Toy Story" movies.
I want to see Buzz using the pizza planet car.
Why isn't Woody Allen voicing him? Why Chris Evens? I like Chris Evens, he's a neat guy, but why change the original actor?
it is based on the ride?
They better not snub Tim Allen on this. He should be an old scarred toy telling the newest toy in the box about his fake memories.
Am I the only one that thinks it looks like a younger Joe from family guy?? 😂 Either way I’m pumped for this
Possible SpaceX reference at 0:22 with the name “Hawthorne”? (Also the possible Dagobah reference at 0:58)
I see that Exec at Pixar that Hated the Animated series has finally gotten the green light to retcon all of it. I hope it's good.
Bruh
Woody: “Hey guys look it’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear!” Buzz: Exactly.
"And this is the Buzz Lightyear aisle. Back in 1995 short-sighted retailers did not order enough dolls to meet demand" -Tour Guide Barbie, Toy Story 2  If this is the man who is the inspiration for Buzz Lightyear, then when is this movie set and where did the technology from the trailer go?!
Looks pretty interesting and new! Looks like it will be bringing references from star wars too which is awesome!
1:17 - 1:18 There's Zurg and his Hornets bots a call back to Buzz Lightyear Of Star Command 21 Years ago.
This is gonna be Interstellar but in animated!
Did anyone get the chills at the ending!?
0:33 I SAW THE LUXO JR LAMP!
FINALLY
1:13 is buzz lightyear the only white guy in space?
Chris Evans simps LETSGGOOOOOOO
Toy story 6
I wonder if they’ll make a toy story reference😂
One of the most pointless movies to ever exist lol. A origin story about a fictional human that inspired the fictional character of "Buzz Lightyear" from a fictional movie called "Toy Story." Bet it's cool though haha.
Is this gonna retcon the 2D Disney series from 2000? And if so.. why????
Toy story  4 ?
Beyond!
This was so unexpected. Most amazing thing I ever seen
Just wondering but hmm….why isnt good ol Tim Allen doing the voice of Buzz? Oooh wait, never mind. Just remembered. He dared to speak his mind and let it be known hes not an insane liberal.
me: Disney, stop exploiting the nostalgia of my generation for easy money and do something original also me: I MUST SEE THIS
Is this the prequels to Toystory?
Uh, where's Tim Allen?
Wait but it's not April yet
An Awesome with no Woody or Jessie
The bit with the white board was interesting. I guess Buzz will end up traveling to the future.
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND~
Dauym! Looks sick!
I wonder if this is set in the same continuity as the old cartoons. Obviously this would be before he met Miranova and XR and everyone anyway.
So how come they didn't get Tim Allen to reprise his role? 🤔 🤨
This whole movie looks dope. Just wish it was the same voice actor
Sooo the timeline where the orginal movies take place was a futuristic sci fi world with advanced technology all along?  lol ok
Release in Indian languages especially Telugu ❤️
This is visually amazing ... i can't wait
MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK!!
I hope they have a scene or maybe just he bumped into a person or a cowboy that looks like woody it would be so awesome
Im left confused and yet I want to watch this so bad
All that just to end up a toy. Jeesh.
I'm genuinely surprised they made buzz white.
Is this a movie or a short?
Purple lighting....Bots ins a similar style to those in the video game Rex was playing in Toy Story 2.....this is Zurg's entrance for sure.
Never thought Buzz is that good looking. 👌🏻
How could you deprive us of that "and beyond"😭
I am your father.... Kukuku.... Whose say that to buzz?
I remember having a dream about this when I was like 2
Hi, I'm Ad Lightyear, I'm the AD-stronaut! I'm out here in teaser space!
Yall gotta believe me that buzz without his purple hood looks like doomguy without his helmet on. The hair gives me all the vibes
Chris evans as Buzz light year. Can't wait for this 😍😍
impossible
Wait! So Buzz wasn't kidding about being a space trooper?
No Tim Allen no thank you
To infinity and beyond!
It's been 6 years I still remember toy story game I was 8 I play Toy story and I watch all the movie
Bowie - yes please!
They should make a Woody movie to
beyonddddddd
To infinity and…
Zurg @ 1:18 !?
Beyond...
Goosebumps all the way along
This legit looks amazing
Goodbye Captain America and hello Lightyear
It's a good trailer until they always drop in the female black character, then you know its going to be a woke mess
Whoa very pretty
Ratio
I didn’t know I needed thia
"STARTMAN" Coming From "MARTIAN" Movie...... My Favorite Movie. You Guys Should Seen, It's A Great Movie From Mars 🚀🚀🚀
Maybe this will be the beginning, of the story of each character in the toy story
BEYONDDDDDD
tapoura muleke
No Tim Allen no Buzz. Sorry Disney
Can't wait to see this...please make the real story animate woody to..
If I don't see Booster within the first 20 minutes. I'm walking out of the theater.
Probably WAAAY better than Dune…
Omg I love how buzz lightyear looks
Omg I love how buzz lightyear looks!
Hey that's not Tim Allen's voice.
He just a Toy 😥
*Lightyear* - starring Buzz  *Pride* - starring Sheriff Woody
Buzz Lightyear? Yes! But... not Tim Allen's voice..? Nope. Just no.
Speculation: He'll meet David Bowie on one of those planets.
Be-boop be-boop be-boop be-boop.
This Is A Huge  Surprise ❤🚀
To infinity and Summer 2022!
It’s come full circle now. Toys are now inspiring movie ideas. First it was Lego. Easy for merchandising, isn’t it?
Sense Disney is making Buzz Lightyear they should make Woody's Roundup to
whos cares
Thanks for the video
Buzz looks weird without his helmet thing
First the Security Breach trailer, and now this?! How good can this day get for trailers?
Captain America, Human Torch, Buzz Lightyear. What Chris Evans can't do?😁
I didn't expect Nostalgia to hit so hard. Literal goosebumps...Thanks Pixar.
He's NOT BALD
I am so excited for this.
That picture on the white board at 1:09 basically explains what the movie is going to be about, or what’s going on at least. (I won’t go into though to not give spoilers for people by just reading this comment).
WAIT HE HAS HAIR!?
Been seeing buzz lightyear around, at first i didn't believe it until i saw this trailer
My brain is refusing to reconcile this with a movie and 62 episodes, but I will try to not ruin anyone else's enjoyment of it or needlessly criticize the movie just for being different.
Bit of  a tip , do not show the whole film in trailers , which seems like most film makers are doing  lately .
Now we need a Woody Movie!
To infinity and SUMMER 2022
Why was I like it’s wrong seeing buzz’s hair
Pixar’s STAR WARS: LIGHTYEAR
**To infinity and...** idk why my mind just said **LANGUAGE**
Hopefully they make a western one too so we could have buzz meet woody
I can’t explain how excited I am for this movie
"Buzz look an Alien!”
*Disney Princesses are secretly crushing over Pixar Heroes. But also he genuinely looks handsome without his suit*
someone: to infinity Buzz: and .. me after 26 years: and beyond 🚀 :'D
I’m so going to enjoy this one
The Evil Emperor Zurg might be in the movie
Isn’t he supposed to be a toy??
Ephesians 3:16 16 I pray that out of his glorious riches he may strengthen you with power through his Spirit in your inner being, .
The United States raises the debt ceiling! Admit that there is a risk of debt default! The gap between US Treasury bond yield and debt default risk is too large! We're thinking about emptying US Treasuries!
Psalms 8:1 1 Lord, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth! You have set your glory in the heavens.
the man behind the toy.. the legend, im all in
WAIT! STOP!✝️🕊️IF YOU IGNORE GOD YOU WILL BE IGNORED AT THE GATES OF HEAVEN🥰✝️🕊️ AND REMEMBER GOD LOVES YOU AMEN 🙏 🥰🥺
Might we can achieve light speed in our spaceship in 2022 I know this is not possible
Isaiah 57:19 19 creating praise on their lips. Peace, peace, to those far and near," says the Lord. "And I will heal them."
John 16:24 24 Until now you have not asked for anything in my name. Ask and you will receive, and your joy will be complete.
Pixar Is Subcribed.....
this is poggies
Matthew 5:6 6 Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled.
Galatians 5:25 25 Since we live by the Spirit, let us keep in step with the Spirit.
Psalms 32:10 10 Many are the woes of the wicked, but the Lord's unfailing love surrounds the one who trusts in him.
Leviticus 25:35 35 " ‘If any of your fellow Israelites become poor and are unable to support themselves among you, help them as you would a foreigner and stranger, so they can continue to live among you.
Disappointing to see so many humans
so I guess the animated series isn't canon now :(
Never thought we'd get here when I was watching Toy Story 1 many years ago. This looks amazing!
God Provides Everything
When do they start making the actual Buzz action figure?
I can't believe that the whole time when Buzz is serious about fixing his ship I think  he was trying to return to his GF or family like in this film but that was a fantasy and was a toy
This is where it all started
My millennial feelings are tingling
After this, can we get a Woody Western Film?
He looks like buzz light year 😮
Ok... If we don't see a movie with the Man that Woody is based off... then we're gonna have problems😤
Wow Toy Story Universe is expanding, now I need an animated movie about Woody as cowboy in a western themed inspired by Tarantino
I hope there will be a wall e reverence Sick trailer
im surprised to see the comments not turned off
Does star command only has humans in this movie?
Ah yes, the classic catchphrase: “To infinity and summer 2022”
Tim Allen finally gets more lines
Excuse me what
My heart
If Disney were smart enough, they would make a human Woody movie too, and then, making a movie in wich Buzz and Woody meet each other (by Buzz traveling to the past for some accident and getting stucked in the cowboy age).
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Capitaling on our childhood 😪 (so going to watch this)
00:37 MacBook Pro with M2 Max confirmed
I know he only said one word, but somehow manages to stay Chris yet keep the illusion of Buzz Lightyear(hope its like that the whole movie)
It was my child hood dream to see actual Buzz traveling the galaxy. I am so hype
¡Hasta el infinito y más allá!
How buz light year have grown
The fact that I know its Chris Evans voice is also just making me feel like Buzz is just Chris with a HUGE chin.   (P.S. I hate autocorrect. It autocorrected Chris to Christmas when I first wrote this)
Yes!!
buzz says falling with style in the first 20 minutes or i eat my shoes
Dude at the very least have Mira Nova and XR in this thing, I need that.
1:19 fallout
Somebody once told me the world Is gonna roll me...
Buzz is made in China like the rest of the toys. Will they show the factory where they’re produced too? Disney is in bed with the Chinese. Chris Evan voicing Buzz is a terrible choice too what happened to Tim Allen?
Any space movie ever: "What if we have Starman in the trailer?"
YOUR A TOOYYYYY
Imagine falling with style into the sun
Im feeling Star Wars, Interstellar, Martian, and Doom vibes from this.
This means Toy Story is now canonically set hundreds of years in the future.
Buzz Lightyear's Time Dilation Adventure!
I really really REALLY want Zurg to show up. I don't care how cheesy he looks, I want him to show up.
It will be funny if they somehow show Woody going out of a Cryogenic tube at the end credit scene.
Imagine if you had the power to show this animation to the team back in '04.
so hes not a toy anymore?
REEEEEEEEE
Anant se bhi aage
I want spanish Buzz to make an appearence here
LETS HOPE WE GET A WOODY COWBOY SPIN-OFF VERSION I GUESS?
I’m going to be the only adult in the theaters without a kid to see this with and I’m ok with that.
Bold prediction: The post credits scene will be young Andy and his mom leaving a movie theater having just watched the same movie, thus leading to Andy wanting a Buzz Lightyear toy.
Fingers crossed Disney and/or Evans doesn't go full woke on this and start preaching...
Wow.
make one movie solo of woody
This isn't just Buzz Lightyear...  THIS IS RTX BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya
опять негры
Rtx:
Even though the song has nothing to do with the movie, the Starman needledrop was gorgeous
This movie is a movie inside toy story which inspired the buzz light year toy. This means the other toys are based on something too. Woody movie incoming..
SOP!
Ok so this is based on the real astronaut. So that means in Andy's universe there is interstellar space travel and alien life?
❤️
The last clip made me tear not going to lie. Also great choice of song. ‘StarMan’. “Let the children loose it, let the children use it” referencing all the kids who grew up with this character.
Based on this trailer. The idea of bringing Woody spin off movie is quite interesting.
Ok, but nobody talking about Buzz with hair?
I liked it more when Buzz wrote half of the regulations of Star Command.
This looks like it will be one of the best Pixar movies of all-time. Wow. Perfect.
I’m so proud of Chris.🥰
what if all the toy stories were just a dream Buzz had
screw the fortnite movie. This is what we need.
Wheres  Woody
I just hope this movie doesnt get the woke treatment or  i should said the woke surgery.
I was waiting for origin of the space ranger🚀 !
It's really great that Chris Evans gets to voice Buzz, but it would also been great if Tim Allen returned. Or maybe voice a cameo to tribute the original VA.
Say the line, Buzz!  1:27: ' TO INFINITY *_AND_* '   NOOOOOOOOO!!!
Perfect ending would be it cutting to a clip of Bonnie leaving her toys as her mom calls for her to come inside.
I want to see a woody movie now
David bowie is my starman❤❤❤❤❤
Looks awesome!         ....Just wish Tim Allen would voice Human Buzz since he's the voice of the Buzz Lightyear action figures.
whaaaaaaat
Buzz???
*Sniff sniff* I smell a franchise coming
Compare the animation in this to the original Toy Story shows how much Pixar really has improved with their CGI
I am so down for a space movie bro
Incredible animation graphics
This actually dug deep into my 34 years of maladjusted neurons to find the same heart felt excitement of when the first toy story came out. This one is for us.
That's the first time I saw buzz's hair.
CHAD LIGHTYEAR
Woody in the corner be like:  “Uhm, so….do I also get an origin story?”
I'd go INSANE if SOMEHOW Buzz travels through the multiverse, crash lands in a desert,  wakes up and hears a "Howdy partner." in a Western accent.
So… are we also gonna get Woody’s Roundup??? That could be an idea for Disney+
This gives me Interstellar vibes
Imagine every Toy Story Character will get their own Movie and Toy Story is just the Avengers in the Pixar Universe
I loved the cartoon show, I wonder if there's any references to it
I'm just excited to see more animated Sci-Fi films.
Oh my gggggg so they made action figures of a real astronaut in that universe yeeessss this makes so much senssseeee
yes
where is Zurg? Please tell me Zurg is in this movie.
ANANT SE BHI AAGE 😍😍
Boosters: Check Astronauts: Check *Nostalgia: Check*
Now get ready for buzz lightyear glow up meme
At least Tim Allen's not voicing him anymore.
YES!!! My childhood is back!!!
another toy story movie?
0:28 thought I was listening to the Eternals trailer 😅
Hell Yes!
I am going through alot these few months, thanks guys you made my day.
You guys remember that animated show about Buzz Lightyear on Disney Chanel many many years ago… this reminded me of that show
Toy story nah is a *real story*
He shouldve been voiced by Tim Allen.
Cannot wait!!
The animation looks insane!!! 🤯🤯🤯
Id buzz from TS is real, does that mean zurg is his real father
Pulling David Bowie on me like this is cheating tbh
Nearly crying...
Okay. I'm kinda stoked.
Where is my favourite The Great Emperor Zurg?🔥🔥🔥
This is a lice action remake of the cartoon and both exist in the toy story universe
been wanting something like this since toy story 2! feeling like a kid again
Stop making spin-offs and sequels and make real movies with heart and soul like you used to
This made me smile to see
If this is supposed to be the Buzz the toys are based on... How?! It's clearly future tech... Unless this is some Area 51 or experimental stuff.
NO THEY DIDN'T!!! 😲😲😲
1:18 same robots in the beginning of toy story 2. Zergs minions.
not going to lie this looks gud
Can there be a space exploration movie without David Bowie?
Being a long time fan of Toy Story, I cannot wait for this movie. It looks so good visually and, honestly, I'm super hyped. Chris Evans is a bit of a strange choice for Buzz, but with that single line at the end, it almost sounded like Tim from the 90s.  I think this movie will be great.
chris evans used to saying on your left now  to infinity and beyond
So excited! Buzz Lightyear is my Favorite Toy Story Character. To infinity and beyond!
Matpat called it. Wouldn’t be surprised if rather than what buzz is based on, this is the actual future. Or I could just be silly
飛向宇宙 浩瀚無垠
*Starman* song plays... Me: Instantly thinking about *The Martian* movie...   Anyone else!?
That end bit already had me tasting popcorn.
1:33 and beyond
Just remember when seeing this in the theaters with a friend, ask them "Do you have your exit buddy?". I bet dollars to donuts there's easter eggs and cameos afoot.
So, wait. You are NOT a toy!?
Looks good, but I’m disappointed that Tim Allen isn’t Buzz.
Bro WHaT DId U do TO BuzZ
not epok no woody >:(((
This is just star wars but kid friendly
0:23 Buzz literaly looks ilke Tom Cruise
this looks good
the amount of serotonin this is giving me
To infinity and beyond ❤
Does he end up traveling through time?
To infinity and your mom
Looks like the new kid also likes Star Wars…
People are hoping this will tie into toy story but it really shouldn't. The only thing that might happen is at the end, it shows little Andy watching this movie. People saying they hope Woody is in this, that would just be another toystory movie then... and wouldn't make any sense
OMG Childhoooooooooood! Already feeling gonna cry in the cinema.
I don't understand why so many dislikes
No way😩, so excited for this!! Childhood hero coming back!!
I don’t know how I feel about Chris Evans playing Buzz. One the one hand he has a great voice but it’s going to be tough to out do Tim Allan.
I didn't know how much I needed this
The animation looks incredible. It almost looks real!
Wow this actually gave me goosebumps. I’m super excited for this🙌🏼
Did they do the E.T. finger boop?
Laaame
Who else just saw the visuals of ,this movie getting an Oscars at the back of their minds !
i have to see this movie
If we're getting a backstory about Buzz, we'd better also get a "Woody's Roundup" backstory movie too!
My god, no way, it’s not possible, it can’t be. Never have I been more excited and confused at the same time
no. pls. no.
Music giving me wall-E vibes. Looks amazing and sounds amazing. Looking forward to seeing this
I wish PS5 has this kind of in-game graphics
Chris Evans lines in the trailer  "Ahh!" "And"
Bowie's "Starman" brings life to this trailer !
That starman song is fitting especially for this trailer
Can't wait for 2030 Sebastian the movie or Scar: regicide isn't that bad or the Grey stuff the series how about Frozen 4 the unfreezing
As long as disney doesn’t mess it up!
I'm waiting for a "toy story" Easter egg
DISNEY.......DON'T SCREW IT UP😡
This also will be kind of sad to watch. Knowing Buzz had all these memories, and thinks he went through all this. Just to end up being the toy of the character.
Is this going to confirm the theory that this is Andy's actual dad and why he's no longer in the picture
Zurg NEEDS to be in this
And waw. Im kid again.
Glad he has hair
What is Buzz doing in Dagobah though?
1:27 and... Your mom.
BUZZ LOOK AN ALIEN!!!
You know how Buzz immediately acts as if he crash landed when he is in Andy's room? I'm wondering if the very ending of this movie will be Buzz actually crashing (and perhaps dying). And then his toy self is just going off where his movie self left off
This looks insane Disney Pixar, let's hope you pull through
to infinity and i can do this all day yeah i know i know
like use STARMAN as theme song!!!!!!! so touching!!!! Thanks Pixar/Disney
Can't believe how much pixar has evolved in all these years! From the beginning of our childhoods till now. From the graphics of toy story and a bug's life till cars 3 and lightyear. Their journey itself is an incredible movie!
It's been a while since I felt excited to see a movie since 2-3 years ago...
If this is what Buzz thought was real, then I understand why he was so depressed after finding out he was a toy.
What's the song used in this trailer?
So the cats name is sox
I have a problem with this! where is his swirl on HIS CHIN!
Why they re-releasing Space Chimps?
*Animators are really going extra*
สู่ความเวิ้งว้างอันไกลโพ้น
I'm Ready For This Summer. To Infinity And Beyond 🥰💚💜🚀
This moved me so much, it got deep in me :') LET'S GOOOOO!!! TO THE INFINITY... AND BEYOND!!!!
YOOOOOO, THAT AN RTX ON TOY STORY
To infinity and beyond -Buzz Light Year
Nice touch using the song from The Martian. Can’t wait to see this!
This animation though!!! It looks so real!!
David Bowie's "Starman" song really ties the trailer together.
this is going to be bussin bussin fr fr no cap
Will this movie include Zerg or the starcommand?
Take my money!
Is this toy story
I'm happy they're making this movie instead of the 5th Toy Story movie.
All the scenes happened at AL's toy barn
So, this must be a movie that the kids in toy story watch, since the technology is far more advanced than ours?
Is it just me or does the part with the glowing box and then cutting to the space suits seem two different scenes. The red box being a hold for ZURG
this movie sucks and you should be ashamed of yourself for making this
Cool :)
this goes hard
Love the old songs, I'm an old soul if I do say so myself. I found out about Starman when the Lightyear trailer played, it sounded so good. Disney sure knows how to awesome animated trailers.
Animated movie Oscar guaranteed
I was skeptical at first. But this honestly looks really good. A origin story movie of the hero that the toy from toy story is based on.  A different concept from normal, but one that has been done at least once before. I hope it's a great one when it comes out.
This looks actually really good
Looks like that hyper launch can take you far. Careful with those calculations, or you just might go beyond... well...
So when they say Steve is on the moon, this is what it meant huh? He left the shield to dons a space suit? Not complaining tho, this is awesome.
Why does he look like he's gonna hatecrime me
This teaser goes so hard.  Feel free to screenshot
I guess Cap did go to the moon
the martian song อย่างชอบ ☺️☺️
No Tim Allen? That's a no from be🤢🤢🤢
So he's not a toy?
this seems cool when will this be released?
Nice looks cool
The most confusing rollout for a movie I've ever seen.
Trending #1
Yeah after this just can't wait for the real life story of woody
the REAL buzz lightyear, not a toy folks!
TIM Allen( original Buzz) and ChRIS EVANS ( new) have the same BIRTHDAY. June 13 . I was also born on June 13
1:19 someone else noticed the star wars language written on the door?
Is this a joke
at 0:58 is that lukes ship from starwars
so... Tim Allen was replaced w/ Chris Evans?
Tim Allen please.
Man, 3d animation has really come a long way, I can't wait for a movie for once
Meh
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
This means we will also get a Woody movie?
Pixar has made another beautiful realistic movie
The CGI looks incredible.
Woah...
Nice
Anyone else used to watch the old Buzz light year space action cartoon?
I'm sorry. But I really want Tim Allen. It just doesn't feel right.
this is way too hype im so excited
I thought it was a joke, how it's this real
The Saying "Infinity And Beyond" Really Deap Saying/Meaning 🤙🚀🛸🌌
🥃 To the Captain
Hmm... just not the same without Tim Allen.
WRONG VOICE FOR BUZZ~!~  WHAT A LET DOWN!!
This may make up for Toy Story 4!
So buzz was a real person!?
Not bad
On today's episode of capitalism,
*LETS FRIGGIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!*
TOO INFINITY AND BEYONDDDD
I love how he skulks the same as Buzz
This is pretty cool But the world does have other people. It’s always white and black characters 🥱
Memory overflowing right now for most people I love it
2011: Star Spangled Man 2022: Starman
WAIT WHAAAAAAAAAAAAT
so amazing
HE'S REAL!!
This is an excellent thing happening here
Pixar is running out of ideas again I see
The animation looks so goooooood!!!
Bruuuuuuuuh he has hair….. he has a movie…
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
I know timeline wise it canonically doesn’t work, but I’m still hoping for a reference to XR, Mira Nova, Booster & the proper name for the LGM homeworld from the cartoon show instead of tossing all that away like the ride at the parks
This is gonna be the best movie ever
I love how Pixar took a seemingly insignificant backstory for a toy character and made it into a wonderful sci-fi fantasy. I also love that they chose to not use Tim Allen with this one. No hate on Tim, he is amazing as Buzz and will always be the OG Lightyear, but this is a different new story and not the Buzz we know. A new Buzz with a new voice I feel fits this concept perfectly. So excited for it!
AFTER THIS YOU BETTER MAKE A WOODY ONE TO
THE MUSIC
Buzz: And that's how I became buzz lightyear.  Woody: YOU ARE A TOY!!!
Did they change the voice of Buzz Lightyear?
Andy would love this.
WAIT WHAT I WAS NOT READY FOR THIS
It's a shame the mega-conglomerate that has all the world's best artists and creative minds under it's control is making them do stuff like this instead of anything daring or important.
So the series aren't canon anymore?
i wonder if this does well then theyll do backstory's on other toy story/pixar characters. like a movie about woody, jessie, bullseye, prospector in a wild west era backstory.
can't wait to see karate chop action in this
Wow so nostalgic
3k+ downvotes? Why? Nothing in this trailer was negative. Looks great.
New Toy Story lore just dropped
i was one of the first people to watch it
First toy story released on my birth year Kids I'm this much old
*To Infinity And Beyond*
The ending should have shown only woody’s feet with him saying “and beyond”.
How very interesting. . .
This is a great way to make Disney 1# again.
Will this make the animated series non cannon 😕
OMG THIS LOOKS SO GOOD IM SO EXCITED-
*sees him get dragged by a tentacle* Oh no...
Who’s gonna play Zurg in this movie?
Now do one for woody
1:04 amazing shot
beyond
Andy's room looks insane
lets be honest. most of us said “beyond” after buzz said “And”.
Not Tim Allen? Noooooooooooooooooooooo
The graphics are gorgeous. Maybe the only thing that doesn't quite fit is the cartoony characters given the art style of the rest of it but still amazing stuff
Shiba Inu to the Moon!!!!!
Please don't be woke. Please don't be woke.
😍😍🤩🤩
So that's where the graphics cards went.
Daddy? Sorry, daddy? Sorry, daddy? Sorry, daddy? Sorry
अनंत से भी आगे🚀
It feels weird seeing Buzz with hair instead of the purple cap
Why?
Why not Tim Allen? Movie looks like it’s gonna be great but I feel like this should’ve gone without saying that Tim Allen should’ve played buzz. Ya know the guy is actually buzz. But I honestly can’t wait to watch this movie. But I still have a big part of me that hurts that it’s not Tim
It’s interesting that they didn’t do a live action for toy story but rather for a side plot of Buzz light years story. It’s super interesting
2022 is going to be an great year!!
"This film is not yet rated." There is hope.
So is he still a toy in this or?
PIXAR MAKE ME CRAZY
Lemme guess they gonna drop some bombshell about Buzz's sexuality
Bazz ?
Is zurg gonna be in this ?
Coming 2024 Is Roundup Based Around The Real Woody Inspired By The Toy Story Woody Starring Ryan Reynolds As Woody
reply “ok” if you like man
BEYOND!
OMG NO WAY
Wait since buzz light year is based off of a space character from a tv show is this the movie the kids in toy story watched
Starring Mr. Incredible
amazing usage of Bowie's music.
This is the first Pixar movie since the incredible that isn’t ‘something having human emotions’ and the more mature premise is really exciting for me
Back in the Old west  ???- Problem Tannen?  Buford- well well,,,,,,sheriff woody...  gang- HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Animation is top NOTCH
thank goodness they have his original voice actor
To infinity and beyond 🥲
Wow🤩
Here's hoping for Zurg to appear. Even could have him be voiced by James Earl Jones lol. Also, maybe a Western movie based on Woody could be next.
YASS
🤠 : “You are a TOY”
Tim Allen isn't voicing Buzz, not watching
This version of starman is soooo good!
Pixar, I would be dissappointed if there is no movie about Woody and his Roundup too.  But cant wait for the Lightyear movie
Many movies tried to re-adapt, but it didn't pleases me. This, could go _BEYOND_
a buzz lightyear spinoff, if this was anything like the older one this is gonna be pretty good
Omg Buzz looks so realistic as a real human being in this film
Wow the lightyear have Hair❤️
paladin danse glow up 😳
I want an extremely gritty buzz lightyear movie.
NOW THIS IS A REMAKE!!!
Buzz Lightyear is a child's play thing. This must all be in Andy's imagination. 🚀👨‍🚀
Nothing got me excited lile this in while now. Can't wait  *Beyond*
It's the face for me! Good Job Pixar!!!!
It's so. . . . beautiful. 😢😢 Also, I love at 0:11 they remembered Buzz's comment of using crystallic fusion fuel from the first Toy Story movie. (Also karate chop action at 1:06 and several other of the toy's features across the trailer)
I’ll watch this
Feels vwey 2045
Anyone thinks that Zerg behind that door with thr red lights before cutting to Buzz's suit? 🤔
Violet Parr: Wow Lightyear is the best movie we’ve ever seen! Hiro Hamada: Indeed Violet and I hope anyone wants to watch Buzz
🤯🤯🤯🤯
This movie is going to be the visualization of so many children’s dreams which I think will make it great
I think yes, yes, yes.
Cant wait for the next movie being about woody being called" in my boot"
Please don't be too woke
Hey 🅱️eter
"YOU ARE A TOY!!"
That's remind me how Captain Marvel trailer came out the the internet and that's feel like we all somewhere in our reality goes to space to have fun.
This looks phenomenal, it may have the potential to be as good as Wall-E. Also I agree they should definitely make an origin for Woody too, with Jessie, Bullseye, and Prospector, maybe even Bo-peep
Thank god it’s not Toy Story 5, TS 4 was terrible.
2022?  Does anyone remember when this kind of movie was at least like a couple of decades from now?  The future is here, always nowadays.
1:08 Wall-E-inspired robot?
Я думал на превьюшке анимированный Бэдкомедиан😅
Look I love Woody but we all know the real person that should get a movie next is... REX, REX MOVIE
I prefer Tim Allen.  Unless Woody,Buzz and the gang watch ingthe film just like previous film of star commands
I used to be the biggest Lightyear fanboy, I'd jump off random elevated surfaces screaming "to infinity and beyond". Can't wait for this to come out.
No.  Do not want.  Make it go away.
Where's woody?
Toy Story but RTX is ON
i remember wearing a buzz costume for 2 nights straight as a toddler. im genuinely excited for this movie
I cannot wait to see this movie! I hope this movie is worth the wait!
“Come on Let’s see the next episode!” 🥲
I've wondered if Buzz has hair since 95. My question has finally been answered.
What if this is how the toys feel like they're living in the real world ? What if this is how Buzz imagines everything..and this is before he met woody?
EVERYONE LOOKUP "Gematria Effect News 22"
who else is old enough to remember the previous Buzz Lightyear movie and its subsequent cartoon series that featured characters like XR, Booster and Mira?
Why aren't we using voice actors? Tim Allen is actually a good voice actor, Chris Evans is not
Just wait till Woody's movie comes out
Buzzzzzzzzz
What
My massage to eggplant head: chill you're just a toy there are probably thousands of you at the toy stores
And what?
No. Just. No
Why is Tim Allen not voicing buzz?!?!
So wait no Tim Allen oh I know why he didn't have the same views as you did he
버즈?
Playing Elite Dangerous, I feel this. Just fuel scooping  again, and again.
oh my. i actually felt some sparks of joy and excitement here. can't wait to see it :D
why does he look like the love child of Buzz Lightyear and Metroman 💀
Hmmmmm I wonder if woody will have a movie???
Toy story meets Avatar
Now let’s get a prequel movie to the incredibles about Gazerbeam.
Yo #1 on trending, makes sense, oh by the way, through the closed captioning, the woman's name is Alicia
YOU. ARE. A. TOYYYYYYYY!!!
Now all i need is a woody solo movie like buzz set in the cowboy time
Toy Story Buzz Lightyear???
Omg 😮 finally!!!!!!! Hey!!!!!
It would be awesome if the movie ended with Buzz crash landing in a field in Texas and a certain sheriff stretching out his hand to help him up saying "Howdy partner"
I haven’t felt this exited for a movie in many years.
i was thrown off when lightyear appeared with hair
I could do this all
To Infinity and Beyond
where the 🤠
I want to buy a buzz lightyear again now
Hollywood: "we need to get peoples back in theaters..." Pixar: "we got this. "
YEEEEEEEEEEEEESSS SCI FI PIXAR LET **GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
I'm just *BEYOND* excited~ 🚀
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND
They better make a Woody movie after…
1:21 Michael Buble?
now i have been thinking, since its confirmed this is the origin for the buzz lightyear figure, did buzz traveled like to the 1960s ( where year when the figure was invented ) to make that figure since where this film takes place beyond the 2100s or 2300s
This feels illegal seeing buzz with hair
I love good old ⬜️ Disney movies! 🍿 🎥
You guys just awoke the child inside of me
“Buzz look an alien!! “ 🤠
To infinity and beyond
Tim Allan WHERE YOU AT!
I wanted to ask for woody next, but I forgot his story was already explained in toy story 2. With the TV show.
90’s kids are freaking out right now
My inner child is squealing.
Feels like a weird Love, Death & Robots episode
where is my woody origin movie?
Anyone else see/remember the old buzz lightyear star command movie thing???
Can't wait to see what Zurg looks like.
Bus in a more animated toy story
So THIS is the Movie Andy watched as a kid that made him want to get a Buzz Lightyear action figure!
Oh wow... the first Disney/Pixar movie I actually want to see in years.
This Trailer goes hard may I...?
Wow teaser looks super awesome
Flying to the sun with style
Where's Tim Allen?
Lightyear: a toy story's stories
Gonna go ahead and predict this takes place in the wall-e universe of
so is this Buzz's memory before he realized he was a toy? or is this an actual human and became famous that he got his own action figure
Why do I feel like if I watch this it's going to make me feel like a kid again 😥 I can't wait!!!
If they would've kept Tim Allen as the role for Buzz... I would be excited but for some reason I'm not excited like I was when they announced Toy Story 4
They better make a woody solo movie
To Infinity and beyond
David Bowie in the trailer? Count me in!
RIP Tim Allen…
I love the mature vibes this movie is giving
WHAAAAAAATTTTT
To infinity and beyond☄🌍
Im hoping there's a sequel meeting woody. Like its cowboys vs aliens. lol
Okay that hand shake thing at the end was real smooth though.
Awesome real story again
David Bowie's "Starman" song really ties the trailer together.
"To infinity" "And..."    HEY, YOU HAVE TO FINISH IT
I don’t know how many times I’ve watched this
What's next? a spaghetti western?
My childhood
It´s Buzz, but not our Buzz
Jeez...does EVERY character need a spinoff and / or a backstory?!?!
Coming 2025: Lightyear's Space Mission Ride @ Epcot.   We'll never have non-movie themed rides again.
We all know who the real MVP will be in this movie…       THE CLAWWWWWWWWWWW
chills :)
Anyone want cheese 🧀 Alguien quiere queso 🧀
All this just to become some kids toy
To Infinity and Beyond
I am gonna watch this movie so intensely you don't even know
Woody: “YOU ARE A TOY”  Well this kinda aged well
Since Tim Allen is not in this, I'm assuming this is another Lightyear. Maybe he's Buck Lightyear?
0:47
Better have good choreography
RTX on
Disney and their woke moves, alienating have their potential audience will result in half the profits
Calm Down Completely And Hear God's Voice...
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!  Buzz Lightyear
I'm gonna need at least a reference to Warp Darkmatter in this
Now I wonder if they'll make one for Woody..
Years of academy training has prepared buzz for this
Yup, officially sold. Cannot wait to see this.
I miss Tim Allen. Should've used his voice.
sheesh
I cried when I heard to infinity and … beyond.
After the final battle, he'll crash to a planet with primitive tech, meeting a snarky cowboy telling him he's delusional.
We need a movie for Woody in this style!
अनंत से भी..... आगे! 🌠⚡
Why is no one talking about how the trailer song is kinda like WandaVisions
0:56 Is that supposed to be XR?
im immensely happy for this, for real 😭 thank you sososo much 💗💗💗
. . . Beyond . . .
this will be buzz lightyear in 2022
I know Jackson Wang is currently freaking out, he LOVES Buzz Lightyear😂😂  Would be DOPE as hell if they put him on the soundtrack 🔥
im scared itll be bad
I’ve been pretty jaded towards Disney and even Pixar lately, but this actually looks kinda dope?
That's right indoctrinate more kids too believe in outter space.
진짜 기대된다 재밌겠다 ㅠㅠ
im starting to feel this isnt the toy buzz
Are this movie will found out that Buzz will meet Woody is on the other planet ?
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Is this supposed to be a movie from inside another movie?
I think that see very epic and promising because here pixar does not show us the story about toy if not of the real life's person that inspired it i can't hope that see in cinemas
Ok so I'm confused. Is this not canon to the Toy Story movies? Like is this not following the fact that he's a toy? I feel like this is less than a spin-off and more of its own thing. Like Woody having a western movie. Its own universe I guess you can say. Or the ending will just be some kid playing with him and all the characters in the movie.
I think my mind just broke. Thinking about how we're watching something that probably inspired Andy to be a Buzz Lightyear fanatic as a kid in the Toy Story movie.
1:29  Of Course you won't finish Chris Evans!!!!!!!!!!!!
But... why?
Oh my god, this actually looks really good
I got to admit it. It does look cool. But I'm not so sure if I would end up liking it or not. You know what? I'm gonna play it safe and give it the benefit of a doubt.
Disney better not ruin this one.
I hope there will be a post credit scene where he lands in Andy's bed
que buena
Captain America is now Buzz Lightyear, Epic!
In all honesty though, this definitely has potential and I am hopeful but also a little worried 🤞🏻
Just let this series die
new starfield trailer looks great!
Ok but when will we finally catch Woody’s Finest Hour?!?!?
Anyone notice they used Coaxium to power the ship?
This a multiverse
I thought he was an action figure
This gives incredibles vibes and I’m hyped
It’s like Astro Kid But good
Long long ago in a galaxy far far away..... ¶You've got a friend in me..¶
I love Coco and Luca... but man this Pixar movie is going to be one of the most EPIC in, well, maybe EVER.  Real flying this time, not falling with style :-P
This is cool, just cool
Todos los comentarios estan en inglish
Its a sin in this movie if they dont add a zurg counterpart and make the main characters voice actor buzz lightyear.
Pixar and Disney movies just aren’t what they were back in the early 2000’s and 2010’s
this looks way better than it has any right of being
Wow
plot twist Evil Doctor Porkchop is the Main Villain in this Movie
Buzz if he was human...I love it
Wait, is this the same buzz from the movie, or the buzz from the franchise that created the action figure?
So this is basically what buzz is supposed to be
The fact that they used David Bowie Starman just amplifies the excitement!!!! Let’s gooo 2022!!
Ngl I thought this was fake phew thank god definitely going to give this a watch
Starman 😌🥰
But does it compare to the original buzz lightyear movie: Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins
wow im just seeing the same stylr of drawing
Beautiful!!
Woodys roundup movie next please Pixar
OMG this looks so epic! I cannot wait to see this movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! To infinity and beyond!!!!!!!!!!
Have lots of hope on this movie, buzz lightyear was my favourite in my childhood. Hope it turns really good ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ TO INFINITY AND BEYONNDDDD.. 💥🚀
can't wait
I haven't felt this excited for a movie in awhile
I literally cannot wait
WAIT!....... A Disney movie that's NOT..... a live action remake!!!!!!
AND WHAT??!??!??
look I expected something else but I guess it looks good
wowow, awesome! June 17, 2022, mark this day!
When a Pixar trailer has more views than your favorite music video. 🤦🏻‍♂️#faded
To Infinity & BEYOND!!
Ok, but where is the Kingdom Hearts Disney+ series?
Is just give me that avengers age of ultron vibe at the end. Cap: AVENGERS...(inhale) *credit * Buzz: To Infinity and *credit*
I hope they make a woody one next !
I'm honestly surprised that you didn't turned Buzz black for no reason
Buzz light year actually has hair!!!
beyond
Не ожидал не ожидал)
the people who make pixar theories are going to go mental with this. just wait. I sure can't XD
It's safe to say Buzz was never lying to us about all those space adventures in "Toy Story"
No Allen = no Buzz…
So, all this time Buzz was not joking about his title lol. Time to rewatch all the toy stories I guess
What is this a spin off tv show IDK
Am I crying because how nostalgic this feels. Yes. Please don’t mess this up.
Are we going to see evil Emperor Zerg?
Cool
After many years for the people who love animation... A treat !!
im actually crying
I just remember watching Toy Story 4 and being like "Wow, this animation is *REALLY* good!" Now I see this trailer and I'm just- aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I'm actually looking forward to this
Chills...Literal Chills!!!
I can't be hyped for this as I have no idea what the movie is about 🤷‍♂️
to infinity and then some
0:57 Just had a major Luke Skywalker crashing his X wing visual flashback with this image XD
Would you
This is gonna be epic
This implies buzz wasn't delusional in the first movie
Never thought a spin-off of toy story would only be so visually pleasing but also have me invested and excited in just one and a half minutes
A well deserved #1 on trending
What would you call Buzz Lightyear if he was an alcoholic?  *Buzzed Allyear.*
Just take my money Pixar
The animation here is INCREDBIEL. I'm glad Pixar continues to go, pun intended, beyond their own standards. This trailer gives the impression this will have a pretty different tone and setting from their more recent projects. It's great such a big studio is allowed to make so many diverse and unique films. The only thing consistent between Pixar movies is their amazing visual quality, and they are now required to have at least one major tear-jerking moment. 😂
ASSEMBLE!  … wait.
I'll be waiting scene: "Buzz... I'm your father"  "Noooo..."
Broooooooo Chris Evans (captain America actor) was buzz's voice actor all this time?!
I thought he was just a toy? What do you mean?
Zarg
Ok this looks awesome never have I seen a Disney trailer that made me want to go see it in theaters also David Bowie
The hero who inspired the toy? Does that make this movie a side prequel story to toy story, since it's the origin of the buzz lighteryear toy?
Props to Pixar, they literally made a movie about the backstory of Lightning McQueen's wheels.
now there needs to be a sequel to it about woody called ‘outlaw’!!!
Vamos a ver la película que vio Andy antes que se anime a comprar a Buzz, la historia del verdadero astronauta que inspiro a que sacaran una línea de juguetes de él.  Dios, cuánto hype tengo
I almost don't want Buzz to wear that green suit. Cause he looks cool without it in this story line regardless
Chris Evans does not miss.
i like the part where they're making a film based on a fictional toy the most.
This looks so beautiful the art style, the environments. Major cudos to the art directors and animators. This looks like it could be a star wars of its own, an entire galaxy to explore learn origins of.
Where else have I heard Starman before, what movie was it, please help
Buzz Lightyear : I can do this all day
This si fi and real life animation looks incredibly amazing, I'm hoping they will tease the main villain Zurg in the 2nd Trailer. But I'm excited for this movie!😁
I can't wait to see this, but on the other hand, I wish Tim Allen was the voice of Buzz.
Paladin Danse is getting a spin-off movie huh?
This is the first time I get hyped for an animation movie since a long time ago.
So this is what Buzz has been imagining in Andy's room
No TIm Allen? C'mon.
This looks awesome! And what a great idea for a story!
“To infinity and…” 👉👈
This Buzz Lightyear looks like Mr. Incredible.
Idk why but this reminds me of Battle for Terra
I wonder how Kingdom Hearts is gonna make this canon too
Nice
ㅠㅠ 빨리와 내 지갑은 준비됐어
When do we get "Woody"?
How is this going to fit in to the Pixar Theory?
I'm pretty hyped for this! I swear, if this overrides the movie "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins" and the TV series "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command", I'm gonna be furious! Seeing as how this shows the early days of Buzz's career and, presumably, the early days of Star Command, it could probably work as a prequel! Hopefully, at the end of the movie, we'll see Buzz meet Warp Darkmatter! Don't let us down, Disney and Pixar!
To infinity and...     Bamboozled.
Imagine if the pizza planet aliens make a cameo in their own planet
I can't believe this. This looks amazing and all but I can't believe the Toy Story universe's humans are technologically advanced. I thought they just lived in the 2000s or something.
Buzz going to see Yoda on dagoba
I bet this will start its own mini movie series if it does well enough and I can’t wait for it
between this and halo infinite the not so distant future of sci fi looks bright
bruh 1080p????
bro wait so since this is an origin story. the toy story universe was actually innthe future and has aliens? or retcon. maybe altverse. never expected this. rip tim alen
BUZZZZZZZZZZ OH MY GOD
This movie is long overdue
For the people mad about there being no Tim Allen, this is about the man the toy is based off of. not an adventure about the toy itself.  Hope it makes it a little more enjoyable for you!
the hype is real
The earnestness of what I just saw, is shocking. O_O
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
Chiang Kai Shek admitted to accepting US military help! from China escape to Taiwan!
This is a Movie about a Movie about Buzz Lightyear. Then after the release of the successful movie, like all successful franchise movies since Star Wars, they then made toys and other merchandise just like "star wars action figures". And that's how Andy got the toy of Buzz. Cause nothing else would make sense in this context. We're seeing sifi technology well beyond 1995 which is when Andy got Buzz. But leading up to 1995 there were tons of space movies which had miniatures and such to create these sifi worlds in film. Final shot could be Andy and family watching the movie in a theater setting it up for Toy Story 1. Because in Toy Story 1 Andy was obsessed with Buzz, and couldn't believe his Mom could get one since they are all sold out. Why would a random toy be sold out and have commercials about it on TV (from the movie) if it wasn't for immense popularity from a new Movie starring Buzz Lightyear. Which is where Andy would get the obsession to want Buzz in the first place after seeing his movie in a theater. Also what else could the plot be if it's suppose to be tied back to Toy Story, I mean honestly.
so THAT'S what he looks like without the purple suit thing :o (jk)
This looks really flippin cool- I can’t wait to see it!!!
toy story buzz light year edition live action confirmed
if only I could be a kid forever
Mira Nova in movie please
I guess a Woody Spaghetti western is on the works.
This looks really good Pixar, we can always count on you to make a banger.
no Tim Allen ;-;
Kinda confusing considering that Buzz lightyear is essentially an action figure. Seem like Buzz transcended the toy world into the real world.
Woody better make an appearance
WHAT OH MY GOD
Ok so this is is based on the real man where the toyline came from in toy story.. well how does that work lol. This is clearly futuristic based on the technology, and it wasn't like toystory was in some futuristic world. Someone explain the way this fits in toy story lol
How much if a hilarious bummer would it be if this ended with some wild blackhole/supernova event that Buzz has to sacrifice himself to save the earth, then he just wakes up in a child's room and meets a cowboy.
Nice
I’ve been a long time toy story fan and when I saw this 14 hours ago I was like god has gifted us with this
0:12 is Coaxium?
Woody: ok ok where is my western movie?
I am already waiting for Woody own movie. Western with a pig robbing the bank.
Is this a Farscape reboot?
" Beyond "
Buzz Lightyear is toy how he became a Human??😁
The fact that they play starman in the trailer was awesome and this movie looks amazing 😲
The toy really didn’t do this man justice yo…
Finally a movie I want to see. YES!!
Now Pixar, I want a movie, telling the story of Lightning McQueen.
What is this? Who is this? Why would anyone make this instead of a original spaceman story. THIS IS IN NO WAY BUZZ LIGHTYEAR.
Omg we are getting Pixar does Star Trek... this looks delightful...
Ok but how dose he become a space ranger? There's an interesting TV show about that!
This actually looks really cool. I’m very intrigued.
Buzz & Woody were my favorite Pixar characters growing up. I now have a baby boy on the way and can't wait to show him this.
Song was lame.
Amazing trailer
"To the infinity and beyond!"
This is great and all. But real talk, does this mean we'll be getting "Woody's Round Up" later...?
okay now THIS is epic
Anyone else sad it isn’t Tim Allan? Like I’m a child of the early 90s. Tim is Buzz, and I know Chris will do a great job and all but… my inner child is having a confused anxiety attack.
I don’t think my eyes have ever been this wide.
I don't know why but seeing his hair makes me tear up. ;~;
Lets go
Starwars+Toy Story
ngl im pretty hyped up for this
I’m glad they’re running of ideas so they just make movies about certain people
Bro this looks SICK! This made me forget that Buzz was initially introduced as a toy lol. I wonder what Zurg will look like or if he'll have a part in this movie?
Looks like a mash between toy story, interstellar, and the martian.
made me tear up a bit... :')
OMG 😆
I wanna see a Mrs. Nesbitt movie
This makes me hyped to see Zurg
"To infinity and beyond"™🚀
we need the story of every toy in toy story lol
they already did this lol
*This trailer goes SOOO HARD, feel free to save.*
We better get a Woody spaghetti western
Woody: He’s not a SPACE RANGER! He doesn’t fight evil or shoot lasers or fly!  *Lightyear Trailer gets released*  Buzz: Come again, cowboy?!
I hope Tim Allen cameos in this or I’m gonna be peeved.
People are talking about Buzz being a toy in this, but my take is that toys are often made after real people, so there was a real Buzz Lightyear and we get to see his backstory. The toy isn't in this movie. The real Buzz is. I am probably wrong and it is all a kid's imagination, but I'm looking forward to this movie regardless. I hope it stays on track to come out next year.
Does the ship look like the Sabre from Halo Reach to anyone else?
where are aliens which he said he fought
This made me cry I always loved toy story as a kid and the nostalgia from the end when he said and beyond just set me off a crying a little bit 😅
Buzz Lightyear’s origin
This is the stuff dreams are made of!
I know why they did it, but I really wish Tim Allen was Buzz. I grew up with Tim as him and I’ll miss him. That being said I bet Chris will do a great job and I’m actually very excited for this movie.
Woody: "Well, what do you know? You don't look so fat when they draw you that way."  Buzz: "Ah-ha. Let's watch it."
2015: "Avengers....a-" **roll credits** 2022: "To infinity," "And -" **roll movie date**
Let’s hope they don’t accidentally delete this one, it actually looks amazing
This is pretty unique :O
Finally, a movie that actually seems promising. I have high hopes for this one 💪
Ok but like am I the only one who thinks human buzz is like....super handsome 🙈🙈🙈💖💖💖💖💖
Pixar is God
Wooooow I'm so excited for this now dude how incredible the animation is 🔥🔥
his ship reminds me vaguely of the YSS-1000 Saber, got excited for a second and the I remembered what happens and got sad
fhoiahgioahdoihaoifhOIDHI THIS IS EPIC
Looking forward to catching up on my childhood
my mind as officially BLOWN UP!!!
Sold.
Goosebumps anyone?
1:18
David Bowie in the trailer, I'm in!
This movie was so good they made a toy out of it
YES
Tom Cruise looks good in the new top gun movie
That looks good, wow I’m kinda shocked.
This movie gona be the best Disney•Pixar movie's of all time.... ❤️❤️❤️
We're all hyped for the movie next year, but we are all hoping to see how Mira Nova will look like.
The buzz light year back story?!??? Yeeessssiiiirrrr
Disney makes so many good films that it’s kind of annoying tbh. It’s all too much.
Can’t wait for Woody’s movie, maybe then we can see whether or not he was able to save Jessie and Prospector from the cave
I've never been a big fan of toy story but this looks like it's gonna be great
What song is used for the trailer? It's enchanting really!
"No Buzz, I am your father"  -Zurg, probably
what
Didn’t know I wanted this
Why?
Get this man a shield
Spoilers I seen Buzz light year the animated series
Okay so I didn’t not expect this to happen, let alone an actual real world where buzz is like an actual character instead of a toy but I like it otherwise
You are Toys!!  No,Im not Toys. I am space Ranger.
YOU ARE A TOY!!!!
So is he a toy or a guy?
Where’s Woody??
Finally! To infinity and beyond!!!
woody : you are toy, you cant fly buzz : but he can
I can already see people simping for Buzz. Doesn’t help he’s voiced by Chris Evans too.
a woody the cowboy movie, sign me up
I’m sorry  Buzz has HAIR?!
All I want to see at the end of this movie is Zerg.
Hizo clic con alguien que no es Jessie
Toy Story 5
nostalgia hitting HARD wait... does this mean Zurg can potentially make an appearance in this movie?
this is childish
Looks like it has potential. Kinda sad that they didn't get Tim to play Buzz again, but I guess Captain America will do for now. Also, if this movie's successful, I won't be the least bit surprised if they go on to make one about the "real" Woody. I think that'd be the first Pixar western we've ever seen, lol.
Why does this movie give me Wall-E vibes? 🤷🏻‍♀️😍
Look how they massacred my boy.
"So, you have a movie for me?" "Yes sir I do" *One pitch later* "So then buzz does a backflip, snaps Zurg's neck and saves the day"
So if this movie is supposed to explain the life of the "real Buzz Lightyear" who inspired the "Toy" version of Buzz Lightyear, that means canonically in Toy Story, Andy's version of Earth has Star Trek level space technology?  I'm confused but I will definitely see this movie lol.
My eyes could’ve been sucked from their sockets!
Beep boop beep boop beep boop
1:20 it's buzz on toy story
It's like Buzz Lightyear meets Halo, which is weird but interesting.
I suppose we’re all forgetting that buzz lightyear is supposed to be a toy. Not a real space ranger
Why does this look so epic
Is this the guy I play mk against? Small world.
I think it would be nice if the Toy Story characters could show their movie reviews at home with this cookie video.
They're really gonna make us wait until 2022 to hear "beyond".
That chin man and the design is awesome! THE SUIT!!!!!! OMG
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII My old buddy BUZZ deserved his own Movie. To the INFINITE and Beyond!!!!!!!
This trailer makes 0 sense
I’ve always kinda wondered what Buzz’s hair💇looked like without his iconic purple 💜hair cover. Now I know.
My Infancy favourite  Hero.. .. Still is....
Omg I was just recently thinking that they should have made a movie about buzz light year lol they heard me 😱
그래서, 라이트이어의 아버지는 언제 나오나요? So, when is Lightyear's father coming out?
Tim Allen??
Chris Evans is the master of not completing the catch phrases. Seen it in Avengers Ultron and now this.
Running out of ideas?  No Tim Allen or the guy who voiced the buzz cartoon?  Come on corn pop.
What's going on with Pixar and Disney? 0% creativity, just re-using and recycling old movies/ideas. Why are movies nowadays so lame. Please create new things!
Lightyear "the papucho"
This trailer is a masterpiece onto my opinion and  thanks for bringing back my childhood favourite Pixar.
I got sent back in time for a moment
really i thinked this was a 1 april fools day
Looks weird...
If the characters from the original Buzz Lightyear of Star Command show aren’t in it I say we rage quit.
Plot twist: it's all in his mind and he's sitting on a toy store shelf
I want toy story 5
I swear I'm gonna be in tears with his movie I'm betting, like every pixar movie I watch
So this means Buzz Lightyear to the Rescue movie and TV series aren't canon anymore... 😢
So what happened to "YOU ARE A TOY!"
What's kind of weird about this to me is that they made a Buzz Lightyear movie and series like, 15 years ago, but I guess no one remembers that because it didn't really do well.  Granted, I never watched it, so I don't know the details, but still, I wonder if this will have any relation to that.
I'm already super hyped
1995: "YOU. ARE. JUST. A. TOY!!!" 2022: *hold my spaceship
I really would like to see a movie based on Woody in the future. Pixar's done sci-fi before with Wall-E, so why not tackle the Wild West?
To infinity and summer 2022
Oh. My. Golly. Gosh...
Well. I guess he really wasn't a toy after all.
I've basically been boycotting Disney but this might break me....
I can't wait 😍😍😍
Buzz light year to star command!!!
Plot Twist:  Lightyear is actually a Origin story of Zurg, before when he was a part of Star Command and than later followed his Dark Path. Sounds very familiar 👀
0:38 this isn't flying, its falling with style.
This ain’t toy story, this is a toy’s story
I can already tell this will be another incredible and emotional Pixar story. Cant wait.
literally anything with starman or major tom will always make an impact.
YOOOOOOO
Why am i gettin Final Space vibes?
Can't wait for the Woody's Roundup Movie next!!!
is this some source of weird What If? Marvel universe?
Where is zurg?
I luv this!
Next movie: Woody the Cowboy
Woody doing a fourth wall break. "Buzz look an Alien!" (pointing at you)
If Zurg doesn’t appear then I’m gunna cry
We would love to see Woody's story as well
The next Pixar movie will be about woodys trilogy story
I am litterally speechless.
No Tim!?
its funny...my teenage boys want to see this after years of avoiding animated films
Looks cool 😎
“To infinity” Me: HE’S GONNA SAY IT!! “And…” *cuts off to a black screen*  Me: AAAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHH!!!
0:57 Dagobah?
Ok time to have kids lol
Bro why he bald ken
Coulda sworn I saw a Zaku...
I hope this reveals a TSCU (Toy Story Cinematic Universe)
Part of me says “Hell Nooo!!” But then part of says “Why not?”
My dad likes watching space stuff so watching this would be really great
I hope there are easter eggs referencing the Buzz Lightyear show.
Nonsensical
Let’s go
They have to do a Wild Wild West after this. It's a must I see no way around it.
Is no one going to talk about buzzes hair?! Can’t believe he has some 😨
And beyond.
The visuals 🤩
What a bizarre concept
Calling it now, the girls gonna become Zurg
didnt buzz lightyear from toy story say that  oh wait it is buzz light og yeah
Buzz lightyear with hair is cursed
AHHHH OMG YES YES YESSSSSS
I can't waitttttttt!!! My childhood memories 😍to get return!
wait Tim Allen is Buzz Lightyear
This trailer totally deserves to be #1 on trending right now
Yea I know buzz is cool and all but where is evil emperor zurg?
Shouldn’t Lightyear have a buzz cut?
He has HAIR?!
This is the reason why Woody left him……. Buzz got his own movie …. Lol
I would be impressed if zurg is a villian here
Tim Allen should be the voice of Buzz.
I'm so excited and I Just can't hide it.
The trailer really didn't tell us anything at all
This is giving endgame vibes
The fact that they thought to make this a movie  it’s like we got something we needed but didn’t know we needed. Like one of the guys says “hey, let’s make a movie about buzz the the original guy the toy is based off of” there’s a million directions that you can take that idea. Beautiful. Disney should single out whomever idea that was and let their name be known seriously.
So buzz is human after all?
I'm not going to lie, I'm excited. I think this fixed my year actually
Zurg warp darkmatter xr booster Mira and colander nebula from buzz lightyear of Star command better return in this movie
Thats a buzz?
no Tim Allen
This looks so gooooood🤩
I bet the movie is going to have an amazing first 20 minutes a forgettable middle and an amazing last 10.
YOU ARE A TOY.
Call of duty: infinite warfare has shure changed alot from the last time I played.
Y'all remember the cartoon though?
BEYOND!!!💚💜🚀
Sheeesh
I'm not interested in watching an animated kids' movie but this looks phenomenal from a visual standpoint, very impressed by the trailer.
This is weird, not bad just weird
cool
AYO BUZZ HAIR REVEAL?
I am so happy right now!!!!!!!!!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
it's giving Final Space
Man  All the people who had this in their childhood probably are now adults with their own kid   But this can't contain anybody's excitement
Somehow we needed this
So this is the blockbuster movie that the Buzz Lightyear toy was based on, in the Toy Story Universe.  This opens up so many possibilities!! We should get a cowboy film with Woody next!
What if they also do a prequel all about woody
"He's not a space ranger!" lol little did he know
Looks like a sabre
Pero esto es literalmente Star Wars
Imagine the villain is Zurg
Imma say it. TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
Take my Money Disney 🥲
TO THE PERSON READING THIS : EVEN THOUGH I DONT KNOW YOU, I WISH YOU THE BEST OF WHAT LIFE HAS TO OFFER❤❤❤
Rex: "Can you tell how you defeated Zurg"  Buzz: "Alright fine, one more story"
I hope this is good, looks good so far, now we can only hope the story is good as well
I am glad he is not toy anymore
I'm 51 years old in two months time, but never mind all that, tell me more about the Buzz Lightyear origin story with the David Bowie soundtrack.
😢😢 BOWIE!!! ⭐👨‍🎤
is Buss cis gender in this?
That seen with him looking at his classic suit was definitely a reference to the avengers.
i cannot believe he had hair this whole time
If 1:19 isn’t revealing Zurg, I will riot
YES YES YES
Crazy how I was jus watchin toy story yesterday 🔥
I mean imma watch it but looks lame so far but i could be wrong
Volvi a ser niño por 1.34 de tiempo ☺☺☺
I recently finished to watch the trailer. No matter how hard I try, Evans's voice is not the one I remember, my mind replace it with Tim Allen's voice, the one and only.  For context, I replay this trailer in my mind, but I don't register Chris Evans's voice, just Tim Allen's.
I got 10 bucks Samuel L Jackson has a voice in it lol
Next is a Woody Western
Decades later, Pixar decides to spend its time and money doing the movie that the toy is based on. Showing how desperate Disney has gotten to launch Known IP. What’s next? The real western the Woody toy was based on voiced by Chris Pratt?
Imagine a buzz light year origin story
There’s something about the faces that’s really excellent but I can’t quite place it.  It might just be the great lighting.
Ngl when I saw the classic suit I got chills
Soft disclosure of our bases we have on mars/spin off we didn't know we deserved? Sounds dope
Imagine they 1st make the buzz one and then the woody and jessie one or like smth like that
I love the shot with him in his housing unit/studio apartment. Pixar delivers every time, man.
This looks beautiful
Is he gonna explore that *Pizza Planet* ?
This is crazy, I see this as the equivalent of them making a movie that would’ve existed in Toy Story. Just a crazy way to have more world building, I’m really invested
YOOO THATS LEGIT BUZZ IM ALREADY SO EXCITED
Que nostalgia 🍃
It seems way more… serious and I love it
Thanks for using bowie songs
Can't wait to see what toys they have for this movie.
Can I give it two likes
Finally, an anima…a fully three…
Pixar making movies from movies in the pixar universe....... huh.
No Tim Allen? No watchy
So the main villain would still be his dad
This movie is falling with style
guys omg don’t freak out. don’t freak out it’s happening. eveRYONE JUST STAY CALM ITS HAPPENI-
Wait, is he a toy, or is it lore for toystory
Gosh Cant wait For the movie to release on Summer 2022
YEEEESSSSSS i can't wait to see it!
Anyone else notice with captions on when watching the trailer here that it said 'SOX' when it showed the robot cat and his dialogue of "Be-boop be-boop be-boop be-boop", so I wonder if that is it's name or might stand for something?
Gee, no Tim Allen.  I wonder why?
Chris Evans as Captain America to Buzz Lightyear man this keeps getting better and better. To infinity.....and beyond🚀
que buen video bro
The Buzz Lightyear gram pacer test
In the first half I was like funny how it’s called light year the main guy looks like buzz and then I finish it and realize oh wait it is him
…Toy Story 27….Andy’s Midlife  Crisis…   Salty, Tim Allen IS Buzz Lightyear…..
Йоооу! 🔥 Ради этого момента я всё это время жил! ❤️
Chills
Buz light year
And then he discovers he's just a toy
Looks great! I wish Tim Allen was still Buzz Lightyear tho
Just beautiful 🤩
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya ✈✈✈✈
This is not at all realistic to 2010 Toy Story 3 DS game. Cancel the release
Buzz is hot
_This_ is the movie Buzz Lightyear in Toy Story is a toy for.
I hope Woody gets a spinoff too
Unreal without Tim Allen.
pixar dont miss bruh
YOOOOOO
Tf?! No Tim Allen?
Andy gonna be the director?
Annant se bhi aage ❤️
Awesome
If this film is gonna be a Star Wars type movie about Buzz's origins, I would pay money for Pixar to make a Clint Eastwood Western style film about Woody
I remember how cool the beginning of toy story 2 was as a kid but now as a 15 year old I’m really excited for this movie buzz has always been my favorite toy story character and the fact we are getting a origin of the real buzz is just mind blowing to me I’m really hyped for this movie and I can’t wait to relive my childhood.
What is the target audience?
I hope they do one with woody next!
Buzz Lightyear origin story?  This is something I never knew I needed until now.
If we cam get a star command disney plus series from this that would be epic
He looks like young bob from the incredibles
Wish Story of Woody coming soon.
at the end of the movie we hear Andys mum call it’s dinner time
So let me debrief this like the total nerd I am.   1.) 0:12 "Do you people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered crystallic fusion?" This is obviously a nod back to the first Toy Story movie when Buzz is working on fixing his ship and asks Woody about the energy source they use. Thus here we finally see what crystallic fusion actually is. Besides I can't help but notice it looks very similar to the kyber crystals in Star Wars...  2.) 0:17 This is an obvious one but the ship is obviously the same design like the ship packaging that Buzz is stored in the Toy Story films when bought from the store.  3.) 0:38 Buzz is obviously the actual name of the person but we can see here that they are on a mission travelling lightyears into space thus probably where the other name came from.  4.) 0:57 Star Wars Dagobah reference.  5.) 1:07 Similar reaction happens in "Captain Marvel" where the "cat" is not all it seems and is well a flerken.  6.) 1:15 Listen to the song: "Let the children lose it, let the children use it." A reference to what eventually happens to Toys and ironically "Buzz" as we know him is in fact a toy. Kind of ironic actually.  7.) 1:17 Zurg's troops from the opening scene of "Toy Story 2" all lined up like stormtroopers awaiting their emperor...  8.) 1:19 Okay well we all know that we think that this is Zurg because of thw aesthetic.  9.) 1:20 Okay we all know what that suit is and it looks neat!  10.) 1:30 WHY?! YOU SHOULD'VE FINISHED THE LINE!!! Oh well.
The song makes the trailer 10 times better
this came a long way from toy story of 1995. 6 year old me would be happy.
I swear Pixar has the best looking animated movies ever
Let's go! Buzz being real it's so sh'way. What's next? Lighting McQueen being in a coma and waking up to be real?
I really hope he meets a real Woody at some point lol
this gonna be one of those movies I walk out of the theatre feeling like a changed man
I cannot be the only one who got goosebumps when I heard bowie, right?
And that’s why they made the toy.
This film better not ruin the character…
I don't remember this scene from one of those Captain America movies.
I hope this doesn’t ruin my childhood
Pixar has been having crazy realistic visuals oh my god its scary
Imagine if the ending is just Bonnie playing with her toys, but now she's a little older, and then gives her toys to someone else, like Andy did.
This looks way cooler than it has any right to be
There is only one buzzlight year and that would be tim allen
Barbie, pregnant on food stamps after Ken left her for Jim
Anyone else getting strong star wars Easter egg vibes?
Coming soon on 2023   Buzz
this what most toy story fans have been waiting for.
Long Night of Solace be like
전현무씨 언제 촬영함?
Human Buzz Lightyear doesn't exist, what do you mean?     Human Buzz Lightyear existing on October 27, 2021:
Way to blue ball us at the end there, Pixar...
Chris Evans 2015: "Avengers A..." Chris Evans 2021: "To Infinity... And..."
Osm ..❤️
Imagine how iconic you have to be to say half the phrase and KNOW that everyone KNOWS. “ To Infinity and
Posted today and already 3 million VIEWS.
This looks dumb
0:57 Star Wars anyone? Let's see swamp like planet some Droid companion main character...yeah it's just Star Wars. Also I really wish Tim Allen was the Voice and not Chris Evans.
It’s been a long time since I have rewatched a trailer this many times
hype
Can I be a Buzz Lightyear too?🥺💓
"To invinity" "And..." "Assambel??"
Love how computer animation has come so far, and Toy Story 1 was the first to use it in feature length.
Tim Allan is Buzz Lightyear. Hard pass.
im assuming this is gonna be what the buz action figure, in the toy story movies, is based of of in that universe or something.  not that buz became a human
Why hasn’t anyone thought of this before!? This is a beautiful concept!!
That robot looked like Walle
Good morning USA I have a feeling that it’s gonna be a wonderful day
Soooo hyped!
What  And   Why?
GIVE ME ZURG
I feel like this movie is a reboot of the buzz lightyear brand in the toy story universe. Almost like the dark knight of the buzz universe
Cool
Buzz does kinda look like Chris Evans lol
Buzz saves earth , Earth turns him into a toy .The End.
We weren't ready for this... But it's always BEYOND our expectations ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I demand a Sheriff woody movie now
Clifford the big red dog is a cinematic masterpiece boasting beyond expectations. it follows the story of John Clifford(John Cusack)who is a former writer and producer/author who enjoys worldwide acclaim debunking supernatural phenomena after his daughter's death before this movie takes place. but before he checks into the Dolphin Hotel he reads about the former murders that took place. Ignoring the warnings of the hotel manager (Samuel L. Jackson), he learns the meaning of real terror when he spends the night in a reputedly haunted room. the post-credit scene shows buzz lightyear played by (Tobin Bell) as he says infinity and beyond for he now haunts his estranged wife. it is also a part of the toy story cinematic universe  (if you read this you have nothing to do with the time you need)
Oh no. Oh no. Oh no no no.
This animation looks incredible
Is Zerg is father?
Buzz Lightyear : "I can do this All Day!"
Alright this gave me goosebumps I'll watch it
Ah yes. Buzz lightyear’s famous catchphrase: “and”
"Hm yes the floor here is made out of floor"
AMC stock looking good even into next year
Kinda sad Tim Allen isn't voicing buzz lightyear but ...
Voiced by Chris Evans over Tim Allen, this cancel culture has got too far
Can i ask for the song name pls ?
Does Andy watch this movie and think it's in live action?
So excited for this movie! Really want to see it in 2022! Well, thanks for sharing! Have a great day!
Wow! To quote dialogue from our Disney’s Circle  7 Animation 2005 Toy Story 3 screenplay, SLINKY DOG - “I really like the direction Andy’s imagination is headed in…”. HAMM - “Yeah, ever since Mom went with the satellite dish, things have gotten a lot more exciting.”
Buzz lightyear!
Little does he know all these years of training will be wasted
:-O Can't wait!
it needs tim allens voice like the old buz
starman really suits buzz lightyear
I'm calling it now. This movie ends with him flying at lightspeed back to Earth and ending up in the past with cowboys. Setting up the next movie for a Back to the Future 3 style sequel.
I'm kinda mixed about this. At the same time I'm curious but I feel like they should let this franchise die.
The fact that buzz has hair threw me off not gonna lie.
Cool,now do Woodie's Roundup
hated this BUT AT LEAST THEY USED STARMAN BY DAVID BOWIE I LOVE THAT
@1:19 Zurg?
AYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Buzz has always been my favorite pixar character and this made me get a bit emotional
Omg, quiero llorar, 😢😢😢😢😢 mi infancia ohhh dios mio la tengo q ver
Movie is about a white character but the first face we see is a black character...interesting.
AHHH THEY USED STARMAN BY DAVID BOWIE
my brain cant acknowledge Buzz with Hair
And Beyond?........And Beyond right?
I have remarkably mixed feelings about this
This looks weird,  idk why but it feels like an adult theme for a movie and the only thing that strikes me that’s weird is buzz oightyear
Military
I swear to God, if Tim Allen's not involved in this in at least some capacity, I'm gonna be livid.
IM IN TEARS
There better be a Easter egg about Wall-E in this. Because if there isn’t so help me Pixar.
Hi
We're is Tim Allen
this is how you print money
This actually looks really cool. Hey, Disney/Pixar, any chance we could also get a western themed movie with the origin of a particular cowboy?
Look at that art and animation. Just mind-blowing
The “real-life” story of the astronaut who inspired the Buzz Lightyear action figure? Can’t wait—such a cute idea 😭
the soundtrack gives me goosebumps
1:18 is this Zurg ? Even tho its seems likes he has legs now. The robots also look likes the ones in toy story 2 opening scene
I just remembered that Woody only had a puppet show that's canceled
No Tim Allen, doesn't fit into the Toy Story universe in any way, shape or form...not interested.
I have single-handedly given this trailer 3 million views in 12 hours.
Lightyear will be on Steam in 2022
I adore Pixar. The way they tell stories is unreal. The animation they can do is mind blowing.
Who else thinks this movie will be the best Pixar movie ever? This can means a redention for Disney and Pixar
buzz only movies should stay 2D
Just packed my sleeping bag.  Lining up in front of the movie theater starting tonight.
Yeahhhh!!!! 😳
It's woke... gonna' be nope for my family, dawg.
A Enfrentar al Malvado Emperador Zurg!
अनन्त  से भी आगे
Why isn't tim allen not the voice ;3;
funny most people who first seen toy story are now adults and are now watching it with their children
Wut?
Marvel fans waiting for no way home trailer. Star Wars fans waiting for next movie. Pixar fans waiting for this trailer. Pixar: We’ll give you a  3 in 1 deal!
Can't wait ! Totally excited for this one !
this pic goes so hard. feel free to screenshot.
Chris Evans being a super soldier and then a super astronaut. This man doesn't stop.
Is there anything this dude not in lol.  GOTG 3 please.
Seeing buzz with hair is a little bit weird
Infinity and beyond💫
This looks intense for a pixar movie lol
This isn't flying, this is falling with style
No Tim Allen?  Not watching
This trailer reminds me of cars  3 too so dark when they released it and yet kid friendly 😂 definitely catches my eye more though
So...capt america in space..i dig 🤣
Buzz light-year to Star Command, come in Star Command
IS THAT COMBAT CARL
Is this a prequel?
This is literally star wars but pixar      Cool!
Woody: "your flying!" Buzz: "it's falling with style"
I am so ecstatic I hope it’s good
Only true Buzz Lightyear fans recognized that the ship was powered by crystallic fusion
Would be better with Tim Allen….
bruh this is gonna be the #1 movie in 2022
"To infinity and my foot
was cool till I saw who they got for the voice acting. Would have preferred the original.
Al infinito...
0:41 "Guys, I think we're about to crash into the sun!" "Yeah but it's gonna look really cool!"
feels a bit like starwars esque
The vibe I’m getting is that it’s some screenwriter’s passion project space exploration movie that they rebranded as a Buzz Lightyear movie to get Disney to greenlight it.  I’m on board.
Idk how but this movie makes me feel like a kid again, I’m so excited
Next episode: Buzz landed on an unknown planet and met a Cowboy
YOOOOO WHO'S THE GIRL AT THE END???
Tim Allen better have a cameo...
Disney can suck it. Always trying to remake something instead of having new ideas. Don’t be like Disney.
I watched this for 10 minutes straight now
The origins of a toy, that reaches for the skies! May he have a friend in me...
Every boys favorite toy is back.
what
Our childhood has returned. One of the good things are back.
This is just how we imagined playing with our Buzz Light-years back when we were kids haha. I wonder if they'll include any references to You Story or that old Cartoon Show
Does anyone know what that song is or is it an original score
I think Woody can help him out
so this was buzz saying all the time
LETS GO
197th person to like this video lol!!!!😁😘🤣😂
Bro if they do this right then this movie bout to hit different
Gonna cry in this movie I know it, thanks Pixar. Why do you do this to me
The child in my 25yr old body screams!!! 😍😍
hoping woody will come out at the end of the movie for part 2
Something tells me that this one is gonna have a very sad ending.
I was expecting to watch this and make fun of it, but this actually looks really cool
The animation is simply breathtaking
RTX On
15 years ago, I would've thought this was awesome... Now a days...not so much. I sense this is most likely going to do something new instead of going with the Star Command continuity, so I guess it would be too much to expect to see Zurg in this one.  I like the shot of the iconic suit... Really wish that _Buzz_ got his iconic catchphrase - all of it and not just the bridge.
All this time I thought they used toys for the buzz lightyear show  They seem to be live action instead.
This reminds me of WallE type universe because of the color and animation style
Buzz Lightyear with hair isn’t real, he can’t hurt you. *Buzz Lightyear with hair:*
I swear if this ends with him crashing on Andy's bed... because he was so convinced he was real. What if this movie is the "memories" the Buzz Lightyear toys came with?
Honestly if I saw this film, I’d want a Buzz Lightyear too
e
bruhhh
I hope we get Wayne Knight again as Zurg. Probably not since it looks to be a more grounded and serious story but a man can dream
so glad this is number 1 on trending
I wasn't excited about this until I heard David Bowie.
I wanted to hear Chris Evans talk.
They still should’ve given this role to Tim Allen!!!! But hecka stoked for this movie!
Super Toy Story Brawl
I want that kitty plushie!
He kinda looks like Tom Cruise
Therapist: "It's ok realistic buzz light-year doesn't exist" This:
I'm sure glad we have a strong and diverse Buzzette.  Can't make a movie post-COVID without checking all the Diversity, Inclusion, and Equity boxes.
I'm going to rewatch this until my eyes bleed.
Bruh doesn’t toys story take place in the 1960s?
I love how this doesn't feel forced like other prequels or spin-offs. Toy Story has sooo much potential
Unreal Engine 5
It got better and better as the trailer went on...this looks awesome!!
Chris has a tendency to not finish his sentences, probably the only thing he can’t do all day
"To infinity and your mom"
Everytime i see this trailer it gets better.
so am i to believe buz lightyear was a real guy, and the toy is just a toy of the guy?
I what to watch !?!?!🤯
So how is this movie going to work? Is that buzz lightyear from toys story or was buzz Lightyear from toys story just an action figure of this movie
Yoooo it’s Paladin Danae😳
He must be famous. I hope people in his earth makes a toy that looks exactly like him
Ok now make a woody spin off
No—this can’t be real! Tell me this isn’t real, my kid-self is getting excited for this! 😱
Where, is, ZORG!!??
Oh, Buzz LightYear The Movie
Wuz lightyear
Not Buzz Lightyear without Tim Allen, sorry
i'd love to see Woody get his spin-off movie, or show! Toy Story 2 had Woody's Roundup Show. maybe they can do something with that.
where is protoss and zergs ??
I am getting "dilithium crystal" vibe from that crystal shown in the trailer.
Interesting how they gave Buzz blonde hair. Ironic considering Chris Evans is his voice actor.
Happy this exists but the earth is a flat domesctructure.
Why not Tim Allen for the voice :(
0:56  The Star Wars references continue
This trailer goes hard feel free to save
yessssssssssss i’m in love
Looks..... boring
Wall-E + Start wars = well… this
Man.. massive congrats to the people behind this film. Also, hands down to the VisDev Artists as well as the art & creative director. The art of this film is going to be amazing.
This isn’t the film we wanted. It was the film we needed.
This got me emotional. Millennials gonna be lined up for this.
when a movies higher quality than real life
dont fix if its not broken why not tim allen
I just want to express my thought of what I observed in Pixar in the past years.  Soul is their most recent top tier movie. After that they scale down some levels for Luca and Turning Red which actually did good for them. Now, Lightyear seems the next top tier after Soul and let me say this... Pixar holds the fine line between reality and animation. I wanna say I am sensing Wall-E vibe but no, this kind of teasers is what I wanna see in cinemas. The visuals are impressive as always.  I am waiting for this since the day Chris and Scarlett's actors vs actors interview.
0:57 Star Wars Toy Story cross over much??
So is it a tv/movie show inside Toy Story's universe?
✝️  Fellowship invite
This is the real Toy Story.
CANT WAIT FOR A WOODY MOVIE🗣‼️ @pixar
Wall e?
Where's princess Mira \o/
All the feels. All the feels.
I’m now remembering the cartoon movie with Princess Mira and XR and all them and am wondering if they’ll at least be referenced if not canon to this
One word.    Ew.
777,000% seeing this.
Don't think I have ever been hyped for a Pixar movie before.
Oh my god is this for real?! I can’t wait
Song ?
No Tim Allen? 😱 I was legit syked until he opened his mouth!
I got a one question. If there is real buzzlight, will there be real Zurg?
Next Spin-off is gonna be Woody shooting people in the Wild West
Woody: Hey buzz you're flying! Buzz: No, this is falling...     With STYLE!
You've definitely got that friend in me.
The only issue I have of this film is its “WOKENESS”.  🤦🏻🤦🏻🤦🏻
This is gorgeous.
THESE KIDS DONT KNOW HOW GOOD THEY GOT IT!!
Better put Zurg in here
when you’re a fan of buzz. even the trailer made me 😭
Not gonna lie, I would like to see if another bolt 2 could be a thing in the near future or another meet the Robinson's movie be great too.
RTX is turned on for this one!!!!
Oh my god.
To infinity... And... a word from our sponsor, Raid: Shadow Legends
I wonder if this movie will be aimed at people who watched Toy Story when they were kids
Halo has been real quiet ever since this dropped
I’d be a complete liar if I said I wasn’t excited for this movie, I love the tone of the trailer and hope it’s in the movie too
This seems like a backstory for the man they made an action figure for - but the timeline doesn't make sense for that tech before the first toy story
Bit upset his ships looks more like  an x-wing than his actual ship 😯🥺
Cant wait !!
YoU aRe A tO- uhhhh
So is the story about a kid’s imagination while playing with a Buzz Lightyear toy?
Woody: *Does this mean I’ll get a movie?*  Dr. Porkchop: *Don’t count on it.*
To Infinity  and.......   Avengers Assemble
Does this mean that buzz lightyear was famous so they make an action figure of him and buzz in toy story is one of the action figures
This actually looks pretty good ngl
Next : Cowboy that inspired Woody please!
was that a Flerken?
Woody: (picks up magic 8 ball) will Pixar make a solo movie about me. Magic 8 ball: don’t count on it.  Woody: DON’T COUNT ON IT!!! OHHH!!
Zorg will be in it, no doubt... I wonder about his "friend" from the tv show tho.  This spinoff can only mean there will be more from Toy Story, right?
Plot twist. That isn't  buzz lightyear. This is zurg's origin story
_Go Buzz, Go! Chris Evans @ the helm….again_ 💯👏🏾🤗
I be upset if Disney plus doesn’t add the buzz lightyear animated series from 2000s to their service
As much as I’m looking forward to this. I really hope woody makes a random cameo in some way. Btw not having Tim Allen voice buzz is definitely going to be weird.
Toy story lore:
Everybody likes Buzz Lightyear
The blending of realistic versus toy elements feels a bit off.  It's like, we have this facility that looks like present day or near future, then there's the iconic suit, which looks like a space toy from the 90's.  I see there's a bit of both on the Security uniform, so I'm curious how the rest will look.
Dude what the heck? How did they manage to take a character like Buzz Lightyear and make a serious trailer that looks interesting??? And why do I get the feeling this movie is gonna make me cry?
So this is gonna be a movie that canonically exists within the Toy Story universe?
I wonder if the ending is going to feature buzz somehow landing in the toy store and Andy finds him and brings him home. That in a way could tie how buzz got there, in a child's mind. Also funny reference too would his father (vader) would be the one buzz would try and find or maybe they could reference him also cause buzz didn't know who his father was, until toy story 2. So maybe adding that into the movie like buzz just glimpsing at a photo of his mother and a teared off piece of his father could be pretty awesome for a piece to a puzzle. Pixar or Disney if you ever see this comment, it might be too late to add these 2 references into the movie but you got another year or few months before it's release, how about it?
OMYGOOODDD 😍😍😍
This might just be the greatest thing Disney has ever done
Imagine we got a western with Woody
Buzz's own spinoff? Woody's really gonna be jealous now
It’s interesting they’re making a movie that’s inspired by one of their franchises but will also hopefully be able to completely stand alone. The cash grab type sequels or live action remakes have been super tiresome, but this could actually be a very good idea!
I must say this looks truly awesome.
Wha mira Tom cruise
can we have a Woody Origin film but Tom Hanks has to voice
Not Tim Allen?  Awe
This goes hard!!!! Feel free to screenshot! 💯😍 ZAMN. This is so ICY, SLATT 🐍🔥
Toy Story 5 looking ebic
Hey, guys! Look! It’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
is the toy story buzz just a toy made after this human buzz as an action figure?
Movie looks beautiful
"YOU ...ARE ...A ...TOOOYYY!!!"
That looks great, but why no Tim Allen?
So it is the Actual Buzzlight year
Oh great 01 I have that in my barn nice and orange
I love that the tailer doesn't give any spoilers and doesn't show all the best parts and doesn't show (what would of been) the funniest part/parts of the movie. Because I really hate trailers that do those things. Like just show enough to peck our interest. Good job 👍👍
Already looking forward to the sequel: Roundup.
Everyone said beyond
I don't know if I'm the only one with this opinion, but I think animated movies are loosing their essence with this hyper realism, this is supposed to be for children yet it has so many details most kids will ignore because their brains are programmed to look at big, shiny, colorful objects and pay attention to those, this just feels like a race to say "hey, look! Our movies look just like real life! Ain't it cool what we can do with technology now!?" and yea, it's kinda cool, but if I wanted to look at something that looks realistic I would rather look at a live action that's not packed with special effects like the marvel movies. DreamWorks and Sony is where the animation style is still palpable and enjoyable unlike Disney now...
Not going to lie, I thought this would be another hackish cash grab banking In a nostalgic property, but I gotta say, the looks like they got something going here.
I BETTER see my boy WALL-E floating out there somewhere as an easter egg or something.
Finally, another Buzz Lightyear movie. Buzz Lightyear from Star Command was an amazing cartoon that was so funny. This looks like a worthy successor
1:18 this gives me a feeling that zurg from toy story 2 is in this movie
I think they have a winner 🏆
It’s not star war Pixar Something go horribly wrong
Was that ship fueled by crystallic fusion?
Was tha song name?
I hope Zurg ends up being the big bad!
*Whistles* A Buzz Lightyear movie!
I’m Sorry Is This Still Animated?
Normal Caucasian Buz isn’t real, it can’t hurt you. Normal Caucasian Buz:
"ITS THE REAL BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!"
Avengers....  To infinity and....  OH, COME ON, CHRIS!!!
I hope Zurg is the villain.
Yes, I teared up.
The day has come when good old toy story gonna get missing
WE SEE IT WE FINALLY SEEN IT HIS HAIR
I think the human version got liked cursed by the suit because we saw him as a toy in the  first one
We are so lucky that we live in an age when movies can look better than real life.
Finally toy story without toy
Where Zurg?
Looks cool, kinda bummed Tim Allen isn't Buzz though.
God, I really want to work for pixar. It looks so fun to make. I hope I work in the illustrators department some day. 🚀
I still can't believe this is real.. the textures.. the lighting.. it looks so good my gosh
From the toy, To the space ranger
remember when Buzz said in I think Toy Story one that he landed in another planet? Either Buzz is from this planet or was just made from a toy based on the Space Ranger
Removed USA flag. put in a bunch of chimps. Woke Garbage.
And……BEYOND!!!!!
Im so confused so is the buzz lightyear toy based off a real person in-universe or is this like an in-universe promotional movie for buzz lightyear?
Finally!!! Another sci-fi Pixar movie!
Starman is a good choice of song
Trash
This is such a treat, toy story is such a phenomenal thing to experience and with the main story being finished (for now) I think this is one of Pixar's greatest ideas yet, thank you Pixar for everything you've done, in the past, present and I'm looking forward to the future, for infinity and beyond!
I hope Rex gets a movie next this looks great
I needed this, didn't know I did till I saw this.  Amazing!
why.
This is going to be an amazing animation i can tell, I'm looking forward to watching it
0:56 that reminded me of Star Wars, anyone else?
Is it bad that I'm excited as an adult about this
It means there will be a movie about rex too so excited
Wait did he go to the Degoba System?
Okay, this is pretty awesome and all, but this wasn’t what I pictured in my head.  I had heard something about it being a live action production, with Pratt not just voicing the character
u saying buzz lightyear was based off of a real person in the toy story cinematic universe?
Love the small Halo arrary reference @0:55
I literally just heard the song Starman for the first time yesterday, and now in this trailer today
AND THEY USED STARMAN IN THE BACK
"And...MRS. NESBIT!"
bro what in the-
"Need to refill my turbo-boosters.. Do you people still use fossil-fuels or have you discovered crystolic fusion?" Woody: "Uh, well.. we got double-A's..." Trailer: *Spaceship literally has a crystal battery* Well played~
sooooo I want the original cartoon series on D+ then please!!!
The animation 😭💕
Woody and Jessy
looks like the ultimate pixar movie, doesn't it?
❤️ Go light 🚀🛩️✈️ to the infinity and beyond
Omgosh, this looks amazing, a new Toy Story spinoff showing the backstory of Buzz Lightyear within the fictional universe where ten actions figures within the Toy Story series is based on!😄🤩😎👌 Sign me up! And I can’t believe he’s being voiced by Captain America/Human Torch!😆🤣😂
This looks pretty cool ngl...
Now this does put a smile on my face 😁
No thanks
We all know who will be the villan
Isn´t that refined Coaxium in 0:12! Same universe as Star Wars confirmed, i wonder when there is a Skywalker waddleing over the screen.
Disappointed Tim Allen isn't reprising the role.  But GOD FORBID Disney employ a dirty republican.
THERES NO WAY
We went from "Not a flying toy" to "Not a toy"
For the love of god please don't be woke!
I hope they do Zurg justice in this movie; show how he earned the title of Evil Emperor.
I love how literally the only line of dialogue that Chris Evans's Buzz Lightyear has in this trailer is:  "And..."
Chris Evans is the king of teasing the audience with iconic catchphrases and not finishing them lol
space marine buzz light year ahahahhahhhhaaha
I may be an adult but I'm legit excited for this.
I like this.  Will be watching this movie.
Where’s Zorg?
Is this gonna end with him landing on a planet populated by giants and making friends with a cowboy?
Tim Allen = Buzz Lightyear!
Wow 👏😮👏
Pixar, the only animation company around that doesn't treat its audience like mindless idiots, instead treats them as capable people no matter how old they are, and always delivers the most amazing mature films. I love you Pixar.
😭😭😭😭😭
This is EPIC
That song gets a lot of mileage in space movies.
1:18 the robots have a Z on their chest plates, could be Zurg?
Pixar has just taken space-x Falcon animated & real life launchment music but slower.
idk man, pixar/disney movies are the best because in just watching the movie we can feel how much love and effort they put into them pixar and disney are the best media producers in my opinion
"To infinity..."  "and..."  "assemble."
Post credit scene : a man walks through a blizzard and in the distance he spots a metallic door, he gets closer to the door and in the doorframe a red light starts blinking
Trash
Amazing they didn't change his color and gender in the name of "progressiveness".
Seems a little... too realistic. He doesn't seem like what he was portrayed as in the other movies.
It’s happening activate childhood mode
why did they have to cut off before beyond
Pixar reformat Toy Story 1 can you, please.
0:11 Do you still use fossil fuel or have you discovered crystallic fusion? Well, let's see, we have double A's.
Why buzz looks like chris evans now? 🧐
Its Buzz Lightyear
This is my childhood dream
to infinity and your mom
They need to a woody’s roundup movie
Ooo My Gawd what a brilliant Idea !#! Wow. Born 1990 my childhood
The years of academy training are going to good use now.
the animation is amazing
No Tim Allen?
looks phenominal
1:05 So, it was Buzz who introduced the Flerkens to Earth.
The E.R.I.C. robot honestly looks like Buy and Large tech, so maybe Star Command is being supplied with stuff from them.
OH MY GOD
Bring on ZUUUUUUUUUURG😩😩😩😩😩😈
Meanwhile, Buzz in the Toy Story Universe is currently Bawling his eyes out in joy.
-999,999,999 social credit score to casting director EVERY DAY until Tim Allen is voice of Buzz Lightyear.
This is hella neat   I like the song what's it called
buzz 🥺
Finally a Buzz backstory!
FINISH THE PHRASE! 🗣
Tell I'm not the only one who said beyond at the end
Yay!👏👏👏
I'm not a political person, so don't think I have an agenda here. I love Chris Evans, but if Buzz isn't Tim Allen, I'm not gonna see it. Buzz = Tim. Tim = Buzz. End of story.
I hope there's a scene about Zurg and Buzz
new competitor to the MCU?? The TSU?
How is any of this canon? He's a toy.
This looks so cool
Realistic buzz lightyear isn’t real, he can’t hurt you  Realistic buzz lightyear:
Nice...
Makes me think of the buzz lightyear of star command cartoon show  back in the day :) very cool!
5 years later  The fastest gunslinger cowboy in the West  Woody
Dude I literally cannot wait for this movie the trailer was magnificent. I can’t get over the sound design for this video. I just know this movie will be amazing.
It's almost like you can tell who had a bad childhood from the negative comments.
The alarm sound during the launch countdown at 0:13 is the exact same alarm sound from the airlock on the Sulaco when Ripley is about to blow the queen out into space, in the movie Aliens.
The Buzz we all needed.
This looks so creative! I hope it turns out well.
So they really make its exist?
Bro this is amazing, thanks Pixar.
Props to the person who just woke up and said "you know what'd make a good movie? A buzz lightyear origin story"
I hope there's a skinny guy who wears a cowboy hat that works in the control room.
Sheriff Woody standalone movie in 2023 please!!
But how does it fit into the pixar universe
soo no Tim Allen? pass
I guess buzz wasn't so crazy afterall
Thank you for thiss Disney and Pixar 😭😭😭😭😭😭 Buzz Lightyear is my first ever superhero since i was like 2/3 years old. I was born in 1994. Seeing this really took me back to my memories as a child. You really did it here. Well played.
Buzz even looks a little like Chris Evans! 😊💗
Can't wait for WOODY... coming 2024.
See you space cowboy
They're making movies about their own movies????? I don't want to live on this planet any .more
Why
Beyond!
It doesn't even sound like Chris. What is the point? Did they really think Tim was so toxic they had to hire someone else?
PLEASE TELL ME ZURG IS THE VILLAIN OF THIS MOVIE
Can you do woody in a serious western
This feels like an in universe reboot.
But where is Emperor Zurg?
buzz will be voiced as Chris Prat
YES!
OHHHHHH
Oh great. "Return of the Astro-Nut". -Hamm, Toy Story 3
Smiled like a doofus the whole time ♡
No Tim Allen???
Now buzz can fly for real
This seems soooo cooooool!!!!
the childhood
Bro I hope this doesn't flop so we can get one for Woody.
Now that Buzz has his own movie, just imagine what Woody's movie is like
이거 진짜야????? 버즈가 나온다고? 만우절이냐? 할로윈 특집 영상임? 단편인가? 진짜 영화임??? 뭐야 이거........  토이스토리랑 이어지는 거임????
I don't dig Chris Evans to voice Buzz but is not like Im going to watch it
i cant imagine zurg
buzz is literally doomguy with that spacesuit
Beyond
I wonder if there's any relation with the "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" animation film and series
And then at the end it will cut to kids playing with toys
So finally the real buzz light year is here
Y O U  A R E  A  T O Y !!!
2001: A Space Woody
I love this concept!  Actually looking forward to the movie release. That's something I haven't been able to say for years!
#巴斯光年！ Now we'll have Pixar film for each main toy story character
He's handsome...
It's now a requirement that if you are making a movie that has to do with space, you must use a David Bowie song in the trailer.
I wonder if there will be a Wild West themed movie for Woody in the future.
Well if the Bowie estate endorses it, so do I.
About time Pixar
I want it to end with a toy story gag so badly, but I feel like it wouldn't fit with the rest of the film
Looks really good, I LOVE OUTER SPACE!!!
Calling the ending now, he crash lands on a strange alien world, then Woody pops out of nowhere and goes “HELLOOO!” 👋
Wow
God I love this. Wanted this movie since I was a little kid
No Tim Allen!? That's lame.
thank you pixar
In the end he will bend reality at  hyperspeed trying to prove o escape something....and end as child's plaything (just my thought)
This animation is great, but it's gonna take some time to get used to seeing him without his classic space suit.
Why do I have a feeling that this is gonna be In fortnite in a few months
Oh my gosh omsmygosh what the heck?!!! Buzz s solo movie!!!!!
This whole trailer gave me chills  Guess woody was wrong-
holy moly. I love buzz lightyear. This is going to be amazing. Also huge Walle vibes. Walle is my fav pixar film so this gives me hope. Also star wars vibes.
Why didn’t they use Tim Allen for this movie ????
Movie looks cool just kinda wish Tim Allen voiced buzz but hopefully they do something like this but with woody
meh
Finally, a good use of the Toy Story IP.  I hope that this is an in-universe movie, similar to the Buzz Lightyear cartoon.
🚀
Could you not get Tim Allen for Buzz???
Shooting to Andy’s bedroom
Woody : *Your Just A TOY!*  Buzz 2022 : *Hold my spacesuit*
IM HERE!!!
This looks so good!
When you realize we've watched this movie already and It's called Buzz Lightyear Star Command
Zurg better be the main villain.
MY BOY! IS THAT YOU?!
Awesome
I’ve waited my entire life for this moment. Toy story was my childhood. Thank you Pixar
Why isn’t Tim Allen voicing him??? Disney you is an explanation
something to do with him landing on a distant planet would be the perfect ending
ok now wheres woody's origin story?
Overwatch 3?
Oh boi, a Toys Story spin-off
Did anybody notice the Star Wars The Empire Strikes Back the planet Dagobah  scene
Giving me goosebumps rn
Why, pray tell, is it not Tim Allen?
Now.. we need a movie based on Woody.. it can be a Spaghetti Western filled with comedy. You find out his name is actually Woodford something.. something.. or Woody for short.
Oh new voice, I don't think you should have done that.
Lol Guardians of the Galaxy buzz lightyear
I always hoped it would be John Krasinski to play Buzz, but I cannot complain about Chris Evans
This looks like Top Gun in space 🤔 Looks good
Yesss a Buzz Lightyear movie 🤓
Make me feel emotional! Thank you, Pixar!
The theme during the liftoff part sounds like Eternals
Will it be Woody next? 🙂
It looks good...but will it be as good as Pixar's OTHER space epic? We'll see.
Wait is this the reboot of buzz lightyear in the toy story universe
It's a neat touch that they used Starman by David Bowie in this trailer
I love this teaser trailer
Been looking forward to something like this since Toy Story 2 gave us an idea the first minutes of the film. By the way, just glad we'll get to see Zurg again (even tho it was just his legs and his troops...) but as his legit role, wonder how this'll go...
Now this is flying with style 🚀
After this we'd better get a Spaghetti Western titled Woody.
Let the children (in us) lose it
Wow, it looks awesome! Can someone send me the link? I wanna watch it rn
0:56 hol up is that Dagobah?
This is absolutely gorgeous. I need this in my life
Meh. That wasn’t Tim Allen’s voice. I care less now.
Imagine buzz thinks he’s a toy in this.
👋🏻
Pixar back at it again singlehandedly making childhood memories
Ok but there was already a buzz light year animated movie and it is very good
So, this is the real Buzz Lightyear, the one who inspired the toy?
We need a sherif woody movie next
No need for colored characters
Doom?
So this is the movie during the first Toy Story when Buzz Lightyear was all the hype, where its going to take place in 2022 in our world
Looking like Michael Bublé
Omg will we actually see buzz laser work from his arm 🤯🤯
I am so excited
buzz has a gunsight does this mean buzz with an ar15
I'm not sure how I feel about this
buzz light year is just cgi tom brady
Yea  but he’s a toy
Therapist: "Buzz lightyear with hair isn't real, he can't hurt you." Buzz Lightyear with hair:
Is that buzz lightyear but realistic?
I MUST SEE THIS!!!!
Beyond
This movie will end with Buzz meeting an older space ranger voiced by Tim Allen who will be revealed to be his father
TIAB!
I have one realization from this: buzz lightyear has great hair! 🌊
Time travel...
Unfortunately the movie can't ever possibly hope to live up to this epic teaser. :(
Thank you for continuing one of the greatest sagas of all time. This makes me feel back in my childhood.
This movie is gonna be so good  Edit: 6/30/22  It wasn’t good
Yo you gotta give us a Woody's round up movie after this.
Too late. 27 years too late
So buzz is like real now? I mean I know the toys buzz is the action figure but are we gonna be with real buzz now? So like it’s not really Buzz its “Buzz Buzz” ? Ugh my head
*BUZZ LOOK AN ALIEN* *WHERE?!?* 1:10
Who else felt the tingles while watching this trailer
His face like buzz light year
YOU. ARE. A. TOY!
The forced black characters may ruin movie, honestly
I would like to point out that Chris Evans only says "and" in this entire trailer
My name is John Crichton, an astronaut..
Reach For The Skies 🌌
Does this mean there will be a feature length “The Roundup Gang” movie?
Wow cool movie!     "Summer 2022"  Oh
So were getting a buzz lightyear origin's movie. I bet the ending is the toy story buzz reacting to this  Also 1:17 those look like zakos/zakus from gundam
It's crazy how Pixar Improves their quality. Time flies everyone =')
YEARS OF ACADEMY TRAINING BOY
Buzz lightyear movie is here!
I can hardly wait for this movie!
I'M REALLY REALLY EXCITED!!!!OMG!!!!
The animation looks awsome! I can't wait to see this film😄
Yo when we getting a movie about woody as well. A spaghetti western about the cowboy that inspired the original woody’s roundup and therefore woody himself
🔥
Plot twist: al final todo era la imaginación de Andy jugando con Buzz
doomlightyear
What if Buzz goes into a wormhole to the Woody dimension and he has to find out how to get back home
Is it 2204 ad
Don't make it a sad movie. Life already too sad
...wait...at 0:23...the shape of the reflections on his face...isn't that roughly the shape of the plastic see through parts for the box a Buzz Lightyear toy would come in?
What year does this takes place in the lightyear universe
This will be toy story graphics in 2013
This is either gonna be really good or really bad.
To infinity, And...
This got me so emotional. :') This movie is going to be phenomenal. TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!!!! <3
I love the Interstellar concept of Time Dilation.  The slingshot to Hyperspace is 4 minutes for Buzz and 4 years for us but may bring him beyond that.  Also Zurg is definitely in that pod opening.
What an amazing use of David Bowie's Starman.
Isn’t he just a toy ? So is this all in his head or at a toy store ?
If this didn't give you chills when that music kicked in, then, rewatch it.  And oh yeah, it's animated.  It's a new phase folks.
That looks a lot like Titan A.E. in the first few seconds.
What if the opening scene could be a remake of the opening scene of toy story 2
YO WOODY UNIVERSE NEXT?
YO THIS LOOKS AMAZING
I am so exciting for that movie!!
Toy story is my favorite movie of all time. I loved these movies as a kid. I can NOT stop watching this. I need to see it
I hope we see a Cowboy Woody lookalike, or even Spaceranger Woody in-universe to befriend Buzz, it would be a really cool tie-in to Toy Story's unlikely duo.
i remeber watching the buzzlight year cartoon on disney and now they making a movie awesome
End of credits:  Silhouettes of Andy and his college friends get up  in front of you talking about the movie and Andy mentioning "Ya I had a Buzz as a kid.  Gave him to a little girl. . . ."
I’m really hyped for this movie. Pixar you have my attention.
0:57 that seems straight out of star wars episode V
Pixar, Assemble
Finally a movie that buzz is not seen as a toy but a real deal space ranger a Spartan. From halo
I'll just never see an original story ever again lol
Beyond!
Star Wars X
To infinity and summer 2022
This should’ve been came out!!! 👏🏽👏🏽
Me, at the end of the trailer:...SAY IT.
It looks cool actually
if this genuinely has a original plot and great story I will be impressed
P
With all due respect, Hollywood... have you ever heard about something called.... NEW IDEAS????
Whaaaaaaat! Nice!!!
Alright.
No thank you
"You are a toy, you can't fly!" *sees trailer *spits drink*
Growing up with Toys Story, I cant help but smile the whole duration of this trailer
But wheres zurg
Looks like an high effort meme trailer, I want to see it
0:57 - Empire Strikes Back???
Hu5
So wait is this a stand alone movie about buzz ? ..
I AM NOT A TOY!!!!!!! IM A SPACE RANGER FROM OUTER SPACE!!!!!! I TELL YOU ITS THE TRUTH!!!!
Yo is this so smart I can't believe it LOL
To infinity and beyond
It's very appropriate that Pixar is Using Buzz Lightyear to move into a who new beyond where they have never taken their animation before
This looks sick
Goosebumps holy
So in the universe of Toy Story, interplanetary travel is a thing?
We know the theater is gonna be full of 3 years olds
It bamboozles me that Buzz Lightyear of Star Command is not widely known. He is not a toy in this film. This rhetoric needs to be shut down before all the internet theories convince people that this movie is something that it’s not
Bruh, bruhhhhhh I’m getting hella love death and robots animation vibes from this
I haven't seen a movie in a theater in a long time but this is a definite for me.
Why 2022
I wonder if Emperor Zurg will be in the movie.
I bet its gonna end with the toys watching it
Perfect use of Starman! I had goosebumps all over!
This looks better than Toy Story 4. I PREFER this over Toy Story 4.
You're crying! Im not crying!! We needed this Pixar, thank you.......
I bet towards the end.   Lightyear will go into a black hole and end up in the wild Wild West meeting Woody 😌 mark my words.
what the.... I almost. perfect music. very exited. best trailer ive in a WHILE. Hype for Turning Red < Hype for Lightyear
*So , i am interested about what story about that 3 green soldiers*
Oh I can't wait to watch this.
WAIT WHAT
Therapist: Buzz Lightyear with hair isn’t real, he can’t hurt you  Buzz Lightyear with hair:
I always wanted to know buss light-year back story and now I am going to know now
I hope this movie ends with a camera panning back on the credits rolling on an old TV... and buzz is standing there with all the toys like "What did you think?". Then Woody gets up and says "Not bad... but how about an old classic next?", *inserts Woody's Round-Up* *Pixar announce Woody mini series*
This lookin like its gonna be a banger movie
This looks like so much fun! I can't wait to learn more about his co-pilot.
why not use tim allen's voice?
BTW, the song Starman reminds me "The Martian"...
Never knew this was what I needed 🥺
Come to think of it~ he might be Mr.Incridible Twin , hahaha
Is buz
I can't wait for the over 10 minute long videos coming out about how this breaks the Pixar Theory, and more about how this film confirms it
I've been waiting all year for this new trailer to arrive! I have to say, the animation looks absolutely awesome! I'm counting down the days till the movie comes out!
I am just, like unbelievably excited. The 8 year old in me is freaking out right now. Also if they make a video game out of this I'm buying it day 0.
Idk why everyone is saying this looks bad? I love the lighting, effects, composition, model work, texture work, sound. It looks great!
speechless
Man what a journey Pixar! Look at Toy Story and compare it to this trailer. Such legends bro.
Woody : YOU ARE A TOY YOU ARE A CHILDS PLAY THING  Buzz lighthear 2022: you are sad strange little man
Loki- Kneel Cap- Not today
Great to hear a new generation being introduced to David Bowie.
You got to be kidding me
Buzz is basically the hottest daddy you could ever find...
Actually looks pretty good.  1:26 naughty naughty you teasing me.
I feel like there's going to be Woody in the post credit scene
Don't think I didn't see the Luxo Lamp in the stars at 0:32
Maybe now they'll add the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command TV show to Disney Plus
Where is evil emperor zurg
If we're getting a Buzz Lightyear movie, does this mean the door is also open for a Woody movie?
New generation won't even know who Woody is.
Can we get a chain of 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀?
Not my Buzz. Buzz Lightyear of Star Command will always be Buzz to me.
This does put a smile on my face
I wonder if this means Toy story takes place in the same universe as this one.. probably not but that would b e pretty cool.
I’m a 35 year old man this brought me to tears, so many good feels.
Omg Buzz without the suit!! That's so cool! Honestly I love the design, it's really well done!
Why did you replace Tim Allen with one of the most lifeless, boring actors ever? I know this is a kids movie, but cmon. Tim’s job as Buzz is unforgettable for all ages. He brings so much life to the character. Why recast?
Disney really said "here's some buzz lightyear lore for ya"
吹き替えは所ジョージであってくれ！！
Woody look a space shmoe
I Still think he's a toy also I can't believe the toy though he was that
Jeepers hope Tim Allen will cameo in this
I thought this was a movie about children play things.
C H I L L S
im super exited and all, but i still wanna know, could woody and bullseye jump over the grand canyon?
Make this movie 2 hours and I’ll give you my money for sure
I didn't know Buzz Lightyear even had hair.
i love that the film is titled "Lightyear" instead of "Buzz Lightyear". Definitely has a more epic feel to it
..beyondddd!!!!
Bud light beer
YOU'RE NOT REAL, YOU'RE A TOY!
The new Kingdom Hearts game looks wild
And aren't y'all making toy story 5 to?
Ground Control to major tom
The end of the movie is going to be buzz lightyear waking up in the toy box at the toy store with woody starring at him.  This movie is probably the lived memory that is programmed into buzz lightyear so he believes he is the real buzzlight year.
I love this song
This lowkey made me emotional. I was trying to keep it together because I was in school when this video was uploaded but man 😂
I swear the only thing this movie needs is a cameo from Mira, Booster, and XR them it will be perfect
Buzz kinda fine 🤤🥰
People are so going to diss Buzz Lightyear of Star commend series.
The music really makes the trailer that much better.
It looks so good!
Ik alot of ppl are complaining that Chris Evans is Buzz Lightyear and not Tim Allen this time but let's all be grateful that we atleast found something we were all waiting for "The real Buzz Lightyear" -Woody (1995)
will this confirm the PIXAR theory?  cuz this is supposed to be the REAL Buzz Lightyear on which the superhero/toy is based on  meaning, in the Toy Story Universe, this actually happened
Buzz has hair My world is destroyed
Amazing
This does not look or feel animated at all. It feels like a live action and it’s beautiful 🤩
Wait buzzes hair isn't purple
Is thats bugslightyear
STUNNING!! This is mind blowing and exciting!
Reminder: zurg is buzz’s father  There could possibly be a son and father flashback which could show how zurg came to be
0:58   What's in there? Only what you take with you.
Elon Musk would love to watch this movie with his children! Thank You So Much Disney & Pixar for brightening up our lives during this Covid~19 Delta SubVariant Global Pandemic! 🌷🌿🌍💖🚀
This trailer goes hard feel free to screenshot
WHAT
where zurg at
I had no idea I needed this in my life.
Needs more struts, but I'm overall loving this new Kerbal Space Program trailer.
Buzz without the disgusting purple looking thing with hair hits different
Capt America did go to the moon with code name “Buzz” 😆
Honestly? Looks fantastic. I can't wait to see it
TOY STORY CINEMATIC UNIVERSE!
Unrated, eh? Could be R. You never know
From The first Toy Story to now this looks absolutely GODLIKE
I feel like a kid again watching this
Buzz isn’t property of Star Command. He is property of my heart. You need to put Buzz Lightyear of Star Command on Disney plus you plebs because it’s evident that many childhoods in the comment section had Buzz Lightyear of Star Command absent from their necessary early childhood socialisation.
B E Y O N D 🌟
Absolutely love you us Starman by David Bowie. Absolutely get me in the feels
Zerg better be the villain
👍👍👍👍👍
YOU  ARE A TOOOOOOOOOOYYY
Bro I can’t wait for this movie is this a prequel before toy story Evan to happen
better not be woke
I'm 30 years old and this gives me the feeling of Pocahontas when I was 6 years old. I can't wait lol.
I wonder if we get to see Zurg.
The music makes me want to watch the Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou trailer again.
i swear the pixar animation gets better every year.
Almost 3000 thumbs down. I wonder why? Oh because he is not a TOY!!
POG
Bruh…. This takes my respect for Buzz to a whole other level 🤔
That explains the buzz lightyear toy
BASICALLY THE RESURRECTION HALLELUJAH
So much nostalgia.
Definitely did NOT start tearing up watching this
This will be Pixar’s masterpiece.
Ok but what about my boy Woody ☹️
NO.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaa
Buzz Lightyear ???
Wow Buzz has hair!! Is that a 'buzz cut'?
Toy story 5?
😯
It would be cool if the other toys also had real people or an origin
Chris Evans over Tim Allen? Nope
If Buzz looks like this, now imagine how Zurg will look, absolutely insane
The trailer I never knew I needed.
So, this is what Cap was up too while returning the Infinity Stones
If there’s a end credit scene in this film I want it to be a scene where it’s Andy and his family watching the same movie in a cinema while he has woody and buzz on his lap
if only this was a video game trailer
The real Buzz looks like Mr. incredible
This is Blockbuster material.  Thanks (for once) Disney!
This is the spin-off we haven’t asked for but the one we deserve. Thanks, Pixar.
i could see a end credit scene where like the buzz lightyear tv show it is just buzz and woody watching this while andy is gone
Real Facts: Not actual Toys.
I'm already crying
So Tim Allen isn’t voicing him😑😑
Idk how many times I've watched this lol
woody solo movie when?
Great stuff and all, but where's Emperor Zurg?
So where's Zurg? 😂
They got me at Bowie's Starman... Got goosebumps when that came on.
When you realize theres a Action Figure of this dude and we love him
He's kinda
Is this gonna be canon to the TV Cartoon series?
"to infinity, and... Summer 2022"
Become Woody movie too?
Awesome sounding cover of Starman
Buzz isn’t buzz without Tim Allen
c:
Cursed
That'd be sick if they had an easter egg, or end credit scene of Buzz going to a desert planet and meeting a real life woody
advanced WALL-E lore
Buzz finally you’ve become 360 hd
This hits hard Feel free to screenshot
I'm a little disappointed 😞 they didn't use Tim Allen for the voice actor.
imagine when we get video games that look like this 👀
Woody: "don't say it, don't say it!" Buzz: "to infinity and beyond"
Nah
Por que esse trailer me lembrou tanto o Astronauta da Turma da Mônica? 😂 Parece que vai ser legal, mas só to enxergando o Astronauta ali hahaha
this is how buzz see the world
OMG
*everyone liked that*
BEYOND.
Wow
First time I saw it I just cry for emotion. Impossible don't feel something on your chest, nostalgia, happiness or both
Alright, alright, I agree that this is the most amazing trailer I've seen in a while, but...  Woody's Roundup movie when????
So this is basically a child friendly cross between the expanse, interstellar, and toy story?
If Tim Allen isn't the voice I'm gonna boycott.
Why are there so many black characters and not a single Asian or Hispanic that I could make out.  Like I count three unique white people, and six or seven black people.  And again, not a single Hispanic or Asian.  And why is anyone saying this movie looks great, when half the images look like rehashes from Star Wars and Captain Marvel.  There's absolutely nothing about plot.  Oh yeah, and they can't even come up with original music anymore, they just rehash a 50 year old pop song.
woody movie is next ,and then crossover episode
Where's Mira?
0:52 First time seeing him in non space suit and it's so WEIRD 😂
"To Infinity..." "And..."  Cuts off  Woody: *What, what happens next? C'mon I wanna see the next episode!*
wait a minute 1:17 is that what i thing it is Evil Emperor Zurg army or am i wrong?
Is a perfect daddy!!!
Am I the only one wondering if emperor zurg is in it or has anything to do with the story?
Only problem is no tim allen.
1:13 people people people
I'm a grown man with grown kids and we're all going to see this YESSSSS
I Can’t Wait😝 To See That New Buzz Lightyear Movie👨‍🚀🧑‍🚀👩‍🚀🎥🍿!!!
WHY DOES THIS LOOK SO GOOD??? It’s so intense and I’m here for it
0:52 “property of star command”… hmm…
Seeing this and remembering the tv show "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command", the inner child within me is jumping with joy.
Chillz
the child in me is very EXCITED
Now we need a western movie for woody
This looks incredible. Also, uhhh... turns out Buzz Lightyear is hot?
So you’re telling me… ZURG or the aliens won’t be in this movie cause they’re toys ? 😭 Disney/Pixar… is this a movie for adults or the children? Cause you’re popping two bubbles here
Absolutely amazing, can't wait to see this
i just realized Pixar copy/pasted the face of buzz lightyear and the dad from the Incredibles
Just...just take my money! God I am so looking forward to this!
So basically, we are living in toy story world, where an individual backstory of a toy name buzz light year now exist 😐 with all humanity and human spirit glory
Buzz
I’ll bet Tim Allen would be very proud… :)
I cant wait!
Why do I always enjoy pixer animations movies so much 🤭😍
Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
We need a woody movie
Buzz❤️❤️
Honestly looks good
Let me guess, another next year *Best animated movie oscar winner*
This isn't the real buzz the real buzz is Tim Allen this is just bud from down the street
Im speechless, left in awe, this is the most beautiful trailer I have seen for an animated film and this character I have such a personal connection with Buzz, ever since I laid my eyes on the Original Toy Story. Can’t wait Pixar. You just made me cry tears of Joy.
in moment, 1:07 whit subtitles you can read that says "buzz yells", i know it was obvius but hey, it been a long time since i saw a buzz ligthyear movie
Now a wild west one with Woody, please
Interstellar and Toy Story combined.
Looking forward to seeing what happens to Buzz that makes stop sounding like Captain America and start sounding like Tim the Toolman Taylor
This is some beautiful animation
Greattt!!! now do a western animation movie starring Woodyyyy
And then after this they will probably make a western animation called *”The Roundup Gang”*
yes. Finaly. THE REAL BUZZ LIGHT YEAR Edit: I wonder if zurg will be there somewhere...
Star Wars and Halo reach animated by Pixar with the main character being the real life version of a doll from another Pixar movie…
Imagine if this does well, and then they make a Woody's roundup movie? I'm in! To infinity and beyond!
My childhood wow, leave it to pixar to give us what we didnt know we needed.
So, they are re-writing the lore of the Animated show and previous origins movie huh? At least I hope they acknowledge this is a change in the Toy Story Universe too.
YOU! ARE! A! TOYYYY!
BEYOND
This Movie reminds me of Toy Story of Buzz Lightyear
"Ground control to Major Buzz, take your protein pills." "Uh, those weren't protein pills.That's why they call me Major Buzz."
I knew Toy Story 4 wasn't the end
I hate and love how hyper-realistic Buzz is
Where are Mira, XR, and Booster?
Woody: *It's the Real Buzz Lightyear!* Buzz getting his own movie yep.
If their's gonna be a Woody movie, I don't mind watching that too.
I’m really excited for this. I wonder if they’ll make a Woody movie too.
I can't be the only one thinking: Why is this even a concept? Why does the animation look so scary? Why does it look like every other generic space film? Let's wait and see Ig...
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO TO INFINITY & BEYOND!
Those aren't toys🤨
thank god finally,imagine wasting good animated movie materials as toy characters for years.
Soooooo Tim Allen isn't voicing Buzz? What a let down. 😥
I’ve been waiting for this movie since I was 5.
I heard there was a lot of buzz surrounding this movie so I came to check it out!
Woody oughta eat his words
I want zurg in the movie
Doom in space
Wonder if they’ll make one ab woody a sheriff heartwarming story🤔
I'm glad we see new characters added in this movie(Lightyear) but still no appearance for Warp Darkmatter because he says he been a spy for Zurg during the academy.
I hope to see Zerg here
It would be so cool if he ends up in a planet with cowboys and he meets a cowboy named Woody.
so any kid that was 5 years old in 1995 when toy story came out would be 32 in 2022 just saying this has to be aimed at those kids.
To infinity and beyond💫
Now that Disney owns marvel, What If buzz light year is Peter quill in an alternate universe
1:29 I unconsciously completed the phrase, bro the nostalgia!😙🎶
Mr. Potato Head shows up at the end: "I'd like to talk to you about the Andy's Room Initiative"
this looks amazing
I like how it's about the man who the toy was based upon and not just a toy spinoff. I didnt ask for this, but I'm grateful that they made it.
Time dilatation ?
Disney is really losing them selfs. Can’t even come up with anything so they just keep remaking stupid little movies.
This is the best trailer I have ever seen in my life.
One the astronauts went up, children only wanted to play with space toys
I’m going to tell my kids this was Master Chief.
Ooh!!! I’m excited for this!! But can I just say, I will kind of miss Tim Allen as Buzz Lightyear. That’s who I hear in my head when I think of Buzz and always will.
Child me is screaming- who am i kidding, GROWN ME IS SCREAMING THIS LOOKS AMAZING.
I have a feeling this movie is going to be a masterpiece
Woody: Buzz look an alien! Buzz: :-/ 1:10 Woody: told yea
This doesn't feel like Pixar. It seems like Star Wars mixed with some space indie film directed by a French director that happens to look like Pixar. I am so confused. I was reticent when it was mentioned, but this looks bananas and I feel so weird. I hope it is as I hoped from this teaser.
i remember seeing Toy Story 1 in theaters as a kid 😢
If Woody doesn’t make a cameo I’ll be sorely disappointed
Nope. Doesn't have Tim Allen in it.
Did I have a fever dream?
This would be a origin for doom guy, but I wish Woody was there
Why so late , like 20 lightyears late to release this imagine ehen i was kid could have felt the extreme excitement back them
*Post Credits* Buzz: Who’s there!?  Nick Fury: "To Infinity and Beyond". You think you're the only superhero in the world? Mr. Buzz, you've become part of a bigger universe, you just don't know it yet."
I... dunno how I feel about this. But, screw it, I'll give it some more trailers to get me in. If not, at least people who are in might be happy.
I was expecting the setting of the TV series, don't know if anyone Remember that, but I'm still hyped
Haha Buzz be like in this trailer: “I can do this all day…”
I bet you this is gonna end with a reveal that it’s a movie in the toy story world.
The visual effects are out of this world.....................anyone get it?
Human story😂
No Tim Allen, not interested.
If I don’t get a arm laser I’m gonna be upset…….
the next smash dlc
How is no one talking about how David Bowies Starman is mixed in with this tralier
Omg Buzz has hair?? 🤨😆
This is something I would have never asked for but now need with every fiber of my being
Most important thing to take from this is that buzz has hair 🤔
I can't wait to see this but now woody needs his own movie too
So Buzz Lightyear does have hair?
Anyone else getting clone war vibes from this trailer?
BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ
This is about Buzz Lightyear, and it doesn't feel like Disney, this just feels like Pixar teamed up with another studio that wanted to make something more gritty and I'm all for it
Who else got a woody... I mean... excited to see this?
He kinda looks like doom guy from the popular video game series DOOM.
Pixar has gone to far
I like how they included the karate stance since the action figure does a karate chop
So will it be 2035 when we get a pg-pg13 western about the actual Sheriff woody?
I'll say this much: visually, this looks absolutely AMAZING!
So this is about REAL BUZZ  Hey what about woody at the end we will probably see an easter egg about woody when the movie releases in 2022...
Eeeeeeeermmm eeeeeeerrrrmmm bruv why
Buzz Yogurt Light
This is literally the Mission: Space ride at Epcot.
Even if it will never happen,, How sick would it be if they referenced the opening of Toy Story 2 in this movie?
Woody’s been really quiet ever since this dropped. He knows now where Buzz actually comes from.
And the ending will be a zoom out of Andy playing with toy buzz the whole time.
Idk why but this feels vaguely star warsy to me
Please for the love of god DON'T FORGET ABOUT ZURG
oh bowie... i miss you so
Hope they use Tim Allen
Hollywood has run out of original ideas!
Oh huh so is this a movie in the Toy Story universe? Like Buzz is in-lore just the merch released to promote this movie?
I don't like that the crystal is accurate to the one in the toy story 3 game toybox for the Xbox 360
“To infinity…” “And…”  Me screaming: BEYOND!
Wait thus is a move?!?  now I'm more excited. I can't wait to see it
That doesnt sound like Buzz Lightyear. What happened to Tim Allen? 🙁
Starman - David Bowie the song is perfect!
Well it looks amazing though as a guy who grew up with toy story I am kinda bummed that it wasn't tim allen voicing buzz  but Chris Evans is still a good choice to play buzz so i am also excited
This is what was going on in Buzz's mind during the first movie when he thought he was real.
Looks like the people at Pixar are staying inspired! I'm excited for this
Pixar ain't messin' around this time, kids.
I can feel the tears, ones I knew would come but wasnt prepared to shed
Okay but can someone please put the Doom soundtrack or intro over this? Lightyear suit giving me mad vibes
Broooooo my Dreams literally came true!! 😍
I never asked for this, I never wanted this, I was happy with the buzz light year cartoons growing up… but now I need this. This looks really good.
Alright
Everyone suprised that Buzz is gonna get a movie, but here I am shocked that he has hair....
this is so nostalgic in some ways. thank you pixar for this
Alicia: "To infinity." Buzz Lightyear: "And..." Both: "Beyond!" I had a feeling they would say that together.
Can't wait!!!
Can you finish the catchphrase? Chris Evans: No, I don’t think I will.
To infinity and... Summer 2022
Buzz Lightyear goes to Earth and meets a cowboy named Woody, Jesse and Pete. Suddenly a big Titan named Andy appears and controls the planet and they end up living in a Human Zoo. Andy starts collecting living things from differebt planets, like dinasours, dogs, cars.
I was at peace with Toy Story 3! WHAT DO I DO WITH THIS?!?!?
no but watch them do some spirit possesing the toy type of stuff
Menunggu woody versi real
Wow... The origin story I never knew I wanted so bad...SO...SO bad!
to infinity!!! 💖
It looks cool but I'll miss Tim Allen
que
😳😳😳😳😯😯😯😯
A toy in space or a toy that was inspired by a guy in space.
Yo, I am SOOOOOOO pressed for this! I don't think y'all understand how pressed I am to see this!
The dislikes are from Zurg and 2,799 of his Hornets  Speaking of Zurg seems like he's gonna be the Main Antagonist...and i really hope they have Dark Matter in the movie too. <3 aaaaah i hope this movie turns out amazing.
Buzz : " To infinity " and " I can do this all day "
THIS IS SICK
Is this for real!? Am actual Buzz Light-year movie!!  I still loving watching the animated series this will blow my mind 😁
My brain is BROKEN. I had no idea this was being made. WHAT.
He looks like Doomguy
WAIT IS THAT ACTUALLY BUZZ
SAYYYY ITTTT, SAYY BEYONNDDDDDD
Woah, seeing his hair is so weird.
Be cool if they include elements from the old Disney Channel cartoon
I mean...I understand that all stories are based off of the original 5...but this is getting ridiculous. Come up with something different.
Plot twist: they meet the toys
Wait why does this kinda look cool
Anyone else get chills when they heard David Bowie’s disembodied voice singing into the void?
watch if it does good there will be a woody movie coming next.... how can they make this without woody????
I dont know im crying, but this made me smile to infinity….
*oMg They mAdE a MoviE frOM THE chAracTer frOm AMONGUS!!!1!*
To infinity… and beyond!!
song is David Bowie - Starman
This is a troll right?
I thought his coworkers were aliens
I peed a little when watching this.
That didn’t sound like Tim Allen
I'm really glad they recognized David Bowie's Starman
this has some Warhammer 40K feels to it
Can't wait
Hmm, this lightyear guy reminds me of some other Pixar character but I cant quite put my finger on it....  XD This kinda looks like a combination of Toy Story, WALL-E, and the Mandalorian.
Star Command is the only Lightyear movie.
Everybody keeps saying that he NEEDS to meet woody. And while I'm sure they'll find a way to tease or introduce him, I would not expect something close to that. Woody was a separate toy on a separate shelf from buzz, meaning there's absolutely no reason the real life version of Buzz that the toy is based off of would actually meet the real life Woody that the toy was based off of.  Also, Woody isn't a toy based off of a real person. It's just a fictional character in this world, unlike Buzz.
It bothers me that Tim Allen isn't in this
I just have one thing said to Pixar. Pixar, we've already had a direct-to-DVD Buzz Lightyear movie, did we really need this?
Please god tell me someone else here grew up on the Buzz Lightyear animated series.
too infinity and :)
Y'all, if "Starman" isn't in the actual movie at some point, I will riot
Ok but i'm so weirded out by the fact that buzz lightyear had hair
Won't be the same without Tim Allen :(
buzz lightyear
Hope Zurg makes an appearance in this!
So my wife and I agree this isnt a movie for our 2 year old....its a movie for US!!!! hahahahaha i cant wait
I wonder what rating this would be because its similar to star wars with, and as you can see in the trailer Buzz is wrapped around by a octopus like alien and then his comrade cuts off the limb of the alien revealing green blood so I wonder if this would be PG or PG-13 but, it being PG-13 might be a long shot do.
YEASSSSSSSSSS OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOD
its strange not hearing Tim Allen as bus but who better then good ole cap?
So this is how they're going to keep making Toy Story content. Actually super cool though, love the concept!
He will then meet Woody and realize he is actually a Toy and everything here is a figment of his imagination
this is going to be so good, i can tell
Something that I’m really scared about that may happen: Zurg being revealed to be the lady friend Buzz is shown being friends with here, I’m afraid that this movie’s going to go down the “best friend turned villain” trope which isn’t bad by all means, but it’ll just ruin a cool backstory that zurg would have. I really hope the movie doesn’t go down that path
He is a child's plaything!
This is how pixar milks toy story some more without making another toy story movie
Oh my gosh this looks awesome!
Buzz looking at his space ranger suit looks like a nod to Steve Rogers looking at his Captain America uniform in the Avengers.
The finger touch is the result of COVID-19. No more fist bumps 😢
Zurg better get the epic appearance he deserves.
I didn’t even know about this, but it looks amazing! I can’t wait!!!!
0:57 is def a reference to dagobah. The wings remind me of the bottom half of an x-wing and the trees have that dagobah aesthetic.
HOLY WHAT A TRAILER! :D
I see a bunch people in here between the ages of 25-35 lol
👍🏻
Love how they made the trailer seem like a huge blockbuster cinematic film. Just music, cinematography, and some stares of the characters can be enough to evoke the emotion of wanting to see the film. Stoked for this.
OMG!!
Yes.
We’re Excited for this movie, but? The lightyear movie will be rated PG or PG-13? What you guys think?
This looks nice, and I'm impressed that they used David Bowie instead of the tired Elton John, it's just unfortunate that Disney is so terrible.
So when is woody coming out?
Who’s ready to see where the Pizza Planet truck will be at in this movie?
OH MY GOD.
Just thinking about toy story and what those movies mean to me and a lot people, this truly brought a tear to my eye
Wow I have been so focused on no way home but now I think I’m more focused on this i don’t know
"Top trending video #18"
Will they do a Woody backstory? that I want to see!
Buzz finally accomplished his dream.
getting Cartoon Flashbacks
Huh, it's the real buzz light-year. Now I've definitely seen everything there is to see in this world.
YOU. ARE. A. TOY!
Space Mountain, turning into new Lightyear ride Calling it.
Thank you
cant wait for Pixars next movie, "You've got a friend in me", starring real woody.
The real question is do we get to see zurg
Hey did you know that in 1:20, it shows a Buzz Lightyear suit. This is an obvious reference to Pixar’s Toy Story and Buzz Lightyear. Also within this video, if you look at the far right corner, you could actually see a Pizza Planet truck. That’s from Pixar Toy Story.
I'm freaking out I am freaking out  I am *FREAKING OUUUUUT*
Woody also had a movie (kinda), remember?
Little sad Tim Allen isn't voicing him :(
Was this supposed to be live action?!🤔
To infinity and assemble....
That's REALLY GOOD!!!!!
I like to think this is going to end with him going into a black hole and becoming a toy
As you can or cannot see, this is only the third upcoming movie that I am excited as heck for. :D
Oh wow! Is this one where ze explores zis genderfluidity? Or maybe the one where he realizes its more of an adventure to never question anything and just blindly fallow orders like when ze first got out of the box.  Oh how progressive!
What happen to Tim Allen?
This is what my broken little 90s soul needed….and the song omg so perfect.
amazing
Why didn't they call this "To Infinity & Beyond"?
This trailer is borderline sacred. Unreal. Thank you Pixar.
Another movie I’m more excited to see than the new Batman srry 🤷🏽‍♂️
Okay I’m actually pretty hype.
Can we let Chris finish a catch phrase just once in his life
I can't wait for the Woody movie,then the crossover sequel,where they both smoke DMT,then wake up in a giants bedroom named Andy...
this photo goes hard  feel free to screenshot
I’m not sure how I feel about this, it’s like all the fun and color got sucked out of Buzz Lightyear and this is what’s leftover…
I like how they make it seem kind of dark, but also funny. But I won't be surprised if its PG or God forbid it be G
"Years of academy training wasted"
It's gonna Buzz without Woody
I’m wondering if Zurg’s gonna be in this upcoming film.
Child mode on! This movie has to be based on the actual character! worth watching! Especially if the end credits shows the Buzz light action figure for sale and Andy's parents carrying it home for him.   I'll cry!
Was anyone elses first thought,  "he better say it!" When he finally said it 😲.
I am weirdly down for this.
I thought it was fan made
I hope Tim Allen gets a cameo.
1:30 "Your mom"
I can't believe it... Buzz has hair!
YEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!
Leave it to Pixar to follow in the steps of not saying the word beyond much like Chris Evans not saying the word assemble
Yo what
Snake in my Boots, coming 2025
LET'S GOOOOOOO!!!! This looks so cool!! I just watched all the Toy Story movies with my family a few weeks ago!
Now we need a Western Woody Movie!!! I’m so lit for this!
buzz lightyear lore
Who thinks this will inspire a new generation of Astronauts
Buzz is the best character with out a doubt PS make Zerg the villain please
This is gonna be something special, I can feel it
Woody: buzz look a alien  Buzz : haha bet
This is  cute in all. But this movie better end with Andy landing him on the bed . Now that’ll hold some emotional weight
Precious ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
I’m excited for this. While I thought it was going to be the star command fleet like the old tv series, this is still absolutely exciting.
Too realistic, congratulations Disney!! You've ruined another classic 👍👍
Does Tim Allen still voice buzz in this upcoming film?
So, are we going to see Mira, XR, Booster, Zurg, and good old 42??
Spacex
I've never been more stoked to watch the origin to an already fictional character based on a fictional toy from an animated movie
Zurg is gunna have a sick Vader entrance ... I can feel it!
The animation looks incredible
Maybe Pixar can make a movie showing woody’s story after
Do you think we'll get to see any of Buzz's film characters?
WHERE'S ZURG???
I heard this might be the first pg-13 Pixar film
What if...Disney/Pixar did a "Sheriff Woody" spin-off film next & I think Adam Driver would be perfect for the voice role or not. Just asking!   My other thought is maybe they'll might add Woody in the film as a cameo but we'll see though OK? Thank you!
If i don’t see a doom guy figurine i will pop
WHAT
anyone remember that old star command tv show
Quietly “Beyond”
...I really hope this doesn't make "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" non-canon, because that was one of my absolute favorite shows. Still watch it every now and then, loved it.
whoa
When’s cars 4 coming out
Tom Brady
this looks beautiful i can’t wait
*SPOILERS*       The video ends with a cliffhanger.
ITS, FINNALY, HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This movie will make up Buzz’s side character role that Toy Story 4 gave him.
35 year old here excited here!!!!!! 👍🏼
I've probably watched this trailer 30 times today.
This is incredible...
"Woody once risked his life to save me. I couldn't call myself his friend if I weren't willing to do the same." -Buzz Lightyear
OMG I CANT WAIT!!
The first Disney project I’m excited for in a long time
As much as I like Chris Evans I think they should’ve had Tim Allen voice Buzz again
I refuse to believe that buzz lightyear has hair  Also we definitely need a woody movie
aaaaaand BEYOND!
Can someone please tell me the name of the song
Facile con la canzone di Bowie
This has no right to be this epic, but it is...
This movie idea, to me, seems strange. In Toy Story, Buzz was in fact a toy. Having this "back story" completely destroys that fact. Whats next, a Woody and Slink back story?
To infinity and what?? What is it??
Seguro van a hacer a woody negro y gordo
Bro I actually really wanna see this, especially since David Bowie is playing
No new IP?
Zurg better appear as the villain
light buzzyear
People watching this: this looks amazing *david bowie's Starman starts playing in the background* The LGBT community: *sobs* to the stars Ziggy!!!!
This is not a kid's movie. It's a movie for people in their mid 20's to 30's
Looks beautiful! So excited!
Looks very interesting 👀👀
Seeing Buzz in an outfit other than his iconic space suit really freaked me out for a sec lol
This is not fair, you can't hate a trailer with David Bowie playing
Que coisa mais linda.... Tá doido!!!
Am I the only one who thinks Buzz Lighter kinda looks like a family friendly verson of the DoomSlayer?
So... isn't this what Buzz Lightyear of Star Command was for? To show the character behind the toy?
So is there going to be a Woody's Round Up movie next? I mean it's only fair!
Wall-E moment
Nice just stole The Martian's theme song and recycled it.......
Oh nice!!
No doubt the villain of this movie will be Emperor Zurg!!!
Please let this movie be good. No sermons, no arrogant inserts, just a good old, adventurous, heartwarming, mind blowing, fun story.
Thanos just snap his finger the moment he said "To infinity...."
I see this as another absolute Oscars win for Disney and Pixar.
This looks amazing!
"to infinity" "and.."  to infinity and what? *TO INFINITY AND WHAT???*
Omg this starman
''“We didn't realize we were making memories, we just knew we were having fun.”'' we are entering a new phase of disney where in the future everything feel real and unreal the same time and pixar takes emotions to next level
...Beyond...............
After The Sequel Trilogy and The Mandalorian S2 ended, There's a space-adventure film void in my heart that dune didn't manage to fill the whole thing... Pixar bout to save me.
Imagine showing this to someone who just watched toy story for the first time back in 1995
Is it weird that for the past 2 days I've been listening to Starman nonstop and then this trailer comes out! 😂
Beyoooooooooooooooooooond!
they were really about this
Once the music started I got Wall-E vibes lol.
im gonna wait for Woody's own movie
Are we just gonna ignore the fact that this is the first time we see Buzz Lightyear's hair?
0:57 who's see yoda?
growing up watching toy story and buzz lightyear star command you can't help feeling obligated to watch something like this. not holding my breath but it would be awesome if we see some reference to Mira Booster and XR. We have to see Zurg tho
Wait, what?!   O.O ...  So, wait, is it canon to the cartoon, or...?
rtx on
You mean kinda SUS
Can't wait to watch this, it's going to be amazing. Hopefully they will include some familiar characters other than buzz.
pixar never misses
Buzzlightyear - I can do this all day! Captain America - To Infinity and Beyoooond! Chris Evans - Oops, wrong movie!
we will get to relive our childhoods. one more time. and im sure it wont be the last.
It's been over 20 years, and now he's more than just a toy. He's a Space Ranger.
Who thought this was a good idea
No Tim Allen? smh
0:53 For 27 years, Buzz finally has hair!!!
The David Bowie music fits so well with this movie!
I’ve watched this trailer more times than a grown man probably should.
I don’t think this is the “real” Buzz Lightyear, instead I think this film is the one that introduced the toy in the toy story universe (sort of like Star Wars Kenner). This would also make the Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger show canon as the show is supposed to be a Saturday morning cartoon (which it is in real life) to sell the toy and could be a spin off the the Lightyear movie franchise in the toy story universe.  I’d really like to see a western woody movie in a similar vain to this but have woody be this Davy Crockett character that the show later was based on (like the Davey Crocket 50’s serial).
Cant wait for this
Buzz called me a N-
I still can't get over the fact that Buzz has normal hair
This looks like the greatest star wars movie since Empire.
Why is tim allen not voicing this 😭😭😭😭
.... Does this mean Pixar is going to do a straight up Western on a "real" Woody's Roundup?
I have goosebumps right now!! Hyped!
0:42 happens. me: HOW THE HECK DID HE NOT DIE THAT LOOKED LIKE THE SUN.
Ok, I'm so confused. Is Buzz not a toy anymore? No, he has to be. It's TOY story! The only way that this makes sense is if this is like promotional material for the buzz lightyear toys of the Toy Story universe, akin to something like our bionicle movies. That makes sense, but then how are we seeing it? Was there a dimensional rift that brought the movie from their universe into ours? And wait, is this animated in their reality? Or is it live-action? Because Buzz and everyone certainly look more detailed, and that would also explain the actor change canocially. And was this movie before the toy? Like is the movie in their universe that buzz was based on? If so why is it called Lightyear? That'd be a weird name for introducing this character, that's more the name for a gritty reboot of an established character, like Joker. So what is this then? A gritty, live-action film rebranding of the popular toy in the toy story universe to sell more toys for those consumers, yet for some reason there was a portal that opened up into our dimension and now we can view it so we can buy more toys of the buzz we know based on the movie version of him as a toy version? I'm so confused! What does it mean!   Anyways, looks sick! Can't wait to see what this does for the famed "Pixar Theory" :D  Stay safe out there toy fans!
Why don’t you upload in 4k?
Thought homie was flying the saber out of reach for a second
🥲🥲🥲
What happened to him 😭 my childhood is RUINED
this will be dream cast graphics in 2004
This movie is going to be awesome and also what if Pixar also makes a movie about Woody
So does this mean Buzz Lightyear the toy is based on Buzz Lightyear, a real person? If so, is the lady at the end called something completely different? Is she still a Lightyear? Is Lightyear a job thing or just an epic family name? I have so many question that I hope are answered in this!
We need a Woody movie next!!! This is GOLD!!!
And why can't Tim Allen reprise the role? I mean, come on. The man is synonymous with Buzz. That's like making replacing Jim Cummings with Jonah Hill for Winnie The Pooh. You don't just change that kind of thing
I wonder if Zurg will be the main villain. That'll be awesome to see
My head canon is this is the movie that the toy was based off of and Andy saw it in theaters
There's something off about seeing Buzz with hair.
I completely forgot you guys were making this
“To infinity”  “Aaaaaaaand….” “This will be toy story in 2015”
00:13, “Do people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered crystallic fusion?”
Is it buzz light year the first person that left the solar system
this is like star wars, toy story and wall e in one
Did I ever think of the origin of the real Buzz? No. Does this look great? Yes
This could go very wrong very quickly, however I have hope
beyond
This is real?
Wait wait wait a second… these characters are not toys
Wait, is this canon inside the "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" storyline?
I bet woodys feeling pretty stupid rn
Using the Apollo audio over this screams "cheap and easy". Instead of stock stuff that doesn't fit anything they could have, you know, recorded some new audio.
WE FINALLY KNOW WHAT BUZZ’S HAIR LOOKS LIKE LESSGOOO
Do you think there's going to be a woody movie as well?
"to infinity" "and"  you guys know the rest
I feel like if they made a woody's round up my mind would explode
First Pixar movie that I’m actually looking forward to in years
Toy Story 4 wishes
Why didn’t they bring back Tim Allen? I like Chris Pratt just fine and all, but that seems like a weird choice.
Llp L
The Martian 🥺🥺
I hope there's like a toy story reference
Kinda wanted them to go the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command route and see XR, Booster, and Myra be on the big screen but I guess this will have to do. But at the same time I'm always down for something new.
LET THE MEMES COME ALIVE!
I hope they load this movie with references to the Buzz Lightyear cartoon.
Hmm, I wonder if this has anything to do with the star command cartoon, or a completely separate lore? Like, maybe in-universe, the cartoon is made after the toy, but the toy is made based on this story?
This looks astronomically beautiful from the cinematography. I would love if Pixar had a more “serious” approach on animation. Seeing Buzz as an actual ranger hasn’t happened since that animated show on the Toon Disney channel some 20 years ago when I was small kid.
I love character back story movies, it’s like where the toys from toy story came from. Would be neat to see a round up gang movie too, that’s just me though I love seeing where characters come from and the history behind them.
Dang really nice trailer apart from the more slapstick elements. I'm not even a Bowie fan and the song gave me chills.
stupid pixar is gonna make me cry, I just know it 😭😭😭
It’s not very likely, but I’m hoping we’ll see Nova, XR, and Booster even if they’re just cameos
I've never imagined Buzz with hair
To infinity and beyond Al infinito y más aya vers l'infini et au-delà สู่ความเวิ้งว้างอันไกลโพ้น 무한과 그 너머로 無限の彼方へ бесконечность не предел verso l'infinito e oltre إلى ما لا نهاية وما بعدها
Since this movie is supose to be loosely based on the Star Command TV show, I do hope the characters from the TV show appear
This is the reason Woody’s Roundup got cancelled. Thanks, Sputnik
A alguien más le parecio mucha referencia a STAR WARS (La guerra de las Galaxias), si ya de por si .. "yo soy tu padre es mucho, hasta su avion parece un caza, solo falta que R2D2 este también jajaja
Wow, they did a great job making him look like the toy but also like a person instead of a toy! Can't wait!
How many of us finished the phrase? Lol
I admit, I haven't cared too deeply for Disney this decade so far... but as someone who grew up as a huge fan of the first two "Toy Story" movies (I must've rewatched "Toy Story 2" more than any other movie ever) and went to see the last two in theaters, count me in on this! Besides, if it does well enough, maybe they'll make a standalone "Woody's Roundup" movie.
I am really excited for this movie. It seems to be really creative and imaginative.
some toy story easter eggs!!
YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
RTX ON
I’m a little skeptic; not bashing, just skeptic. I grew up with the Star Command vhs movie and tv show, so…🤷‍♂️ I don’t know. This could be good, or it could be bad. I hope there will be some references to some characters from the show but it seems unlikely (case in point, the robot looks nothing like X-R).   But hey, as long as it’s better than anything we received during the era of unneeded sequels, right?
Captain America is Buzz Lightyear
Look how they massacred my boy
I can't wait for zurg
This looks amazing
This was beautifully done. Looking forward to infinity and beyond.
I can't wait
Bowie= Good Trailer
Se o Guilherme Briggs não dublar o Buzz, eu não assisto.
Ok, but tim allen.
This does well enough that we get a wild west Woody movie, come on guys let's make it happen!!
I have so many questions but I'll start with... Why?
wait he is a toy, isnt he?? it feels a human soul in a toy body
So the Buzz Lightyear toy is based on someone who won't exist for decades if not centuries?  ...  Sounds legit...
Me: YOU ARE A TOY !!!!!!!!!!!!
Looooooooool
The animation is spot on. I thought it's a real-life movie. Wow.
Anyone else notice he is doing the exact same route as mission space at Epcot in the beginning?
oh my god
This looks like ratchet and clank
Tim Allen voiced this?
To infinity...  ...and... ... S U M M E R  2 0 2 2
*I thought this was a TV series...*
Ahhhh I love you pixar
another cash grab off a franchise that should've ended a decade ago...neat
bruh
Just take my MONEY!
Anyone else watch the series as a child?
Woody 1995: He’s not a space ranger, he doesn’t fight evil shot lasers or fly!! Lightyear 2022: Excuse me
NASHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Holy wow,,,, their use of Bowie's 'Starman' is really good... gave me shivers
Tim Allen IS Buzz Lightyear. : (
no tim allen no care
He is doing all this just to land on some random kids bed
This movie comes out two weeks after I graduate high school. That's awesome
why Chris Evans? why not Tim Allen?!
no me la contes peeeerroooooooo
Looking at him without the Space suit is forbidden
I knew that buzz was not a toy!!
I didn't realize I was waiting for this movie until I saw the trailer.
Now this makes me wish Disney would bring back Buzz Lightyear of Star Command.
I think that the next movie needs to be the history of the sheriff Woody
This gave me chills
I’m guessing this is supposed to be who the Buzz Lightyear toy in Toy Story is based on?  Well, at least you milked the Toy Story cash cow in a creative way this time.
1:18 Zaku??? And one of them is red????
Everyone just copies Elon these days.
EXCUSE ME
I know this movie is about buzz but it would be so cool if woody in some way made a cameo somehow
Sooooo, they're still toys right?
How is this a movie on the real Buzz, he said it himself he never went to the moon.
Did buzz just try to fly towards a Sun
Buzz looks actually really cool I can only imagine how woody would look if he got this animation style
WHAT?!
It be cool if we get a wolf west woody movie too
I’m so confused because isn’t buzz a toy??
I bet if they’re going to make a woody movie they’re going to call it “Woody”.
Just not the same without Woody! 😕
Bowie… Great choice. 👍🏼
All the 8 year olds are going to be so confused
I just really hope we get the original voice actors from toy story on every language
Woody 1995: He’s not a space ranger, he doesn’t fight evil shot lasers or fly!! Lightyear 2022: Excuse me
Didn't Disney already do a movie about the real Buzz Lightyear?
A movie noone thought they needed...except for evans...cmon man...tim allen all the way.
This is amazing...
Pixar: doing epic things.  Disney: duuuu Muppets haunted Mansion?
Should make the ending, entering a black hole that leads into Toy Story universe and Buzz not remembering where he was.
Buzz’s whole arc was being ok with being a toy and kind of coming to terms with his reality not being what he thought it was. That was one of the most compelling parts of Toy Story for me. The scene in the room where woody is talking to him while he is strapped to the rocket. woody and buzz helping hold each other together when they felt like they were worthless or on brink of breaking down in the second half of this film was genuinely  compelling for an animated kids film. I dunno though kids will love it and their parents will enjoy the connection to their own childhood, so I’m probably not the right demo for this.
OMMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDD
He's not a toy
poggers
Can’t wait for some Walle references
I hope Warp Darkmatter makes an appearance!
To Infinity And Beyond.
Not gonna lie Chad Buzz looks kinda cursed
I swear to god, if the pizza delivery truck isn't in this...oh, and also if BnL is serving as a sponsor for this Aerospace Program...
I NEVER KNEW THAT I NEED THIS. NOW I KNOW.
*Mrs. Nesbit: A Pixar story*
WHAAAT
We are gonna be in tears for when we see this
Finally, some Buzz Lore after all these years
Paladin danse in a alternative timelime:
Even tho this is animated this is so well done it looks so real like shout out to the animation team
Then they can make a film where he goes back in time of the wild west where he runs into Woody!.
then in 2023 we will see back story of woody
In Pixar we trust
Watch Disney turn this into how humans meet the Star Wars universe
Cant wait for the Fortnite skin 😂😂😂
I am digging the mechanical designs.
We all know in the back of our heads that the final scene will be everyone hearing stories about Lightyear and making a toy series out of him.
Star Wars x toy story 5
where is Woody ?  :.)
Keep in mind that this is the movie Andy grew up with in-universe.
Almost looks like Star Wars with Buzz Light-year and I absolutely love it! The music, shots and dialogue gave me a little goosebumps
Alright. Now they took my attention.
Zurg: You look strong kid, with a big heart, where are you from?  Buzz: Brooklyn
Is this the prequel to toy story
Chris Evans is a good choice but Tim Alen would have been SO AWESOME here
Toy Story Origins: Buzz Lightyear
I thought this is a toy story movie
To infinity and beyond 1:27
"Ao infinito e além! " 😃😃😃😃😃
0:57 dagobah system
Years of academy training wasted!
If it’s not George Clooney ion want it
Imagine if he lands on a planet where he’s a tiny man in a big bedroom
Wow did not see this coming. Was there any announcement of this before this trailer?
1:21 New meme template anyone?
I now think they should do a live action spin off of Woody's round up
Yo if they have Emperor Zurg in this movie, it would be so cool if they had James Earl Jones voice act for him
At 0:55   Is….is that Dagobah?  Where’s Yoda?
Yes. I want this.
im legit broken im going to cry this is to amazing
He looks like Adelbert Steiner from Final Fantasy IX.
We're practically like Andy getting interested in Buzz Lightyear and eventually when merch is released based off this film, we'll buy it and replace whatever we had first (maybe cowboy dolls).
If they dont show zurg telling buzz thats he’s his father then i dont wanna watch😂
Years of academy training wasted
CONFIRMED: Steve Rogers is on the moon
😭😭😭😭😭😭❤️
So is this what toy buzz in toy story is based on?
guys this is the movie that andy watched that made him love buzz light year and we get to experience this magical ride! pixar knows what we want!
I feel Woody will be next to have his own movie.
Tbh this movie is probably going to really good and awesome and all that but doesn't it feel like they're kind of milking the franchise at this point and profiting of nostalgia? No ? just me ? Okay then I'll see my selve our.
PLEASE LET ZURG BE IN THIS
I need this in game format
Goes through a wormhole wakes up in Andy room
Woody: "YOU. ARE. A. TO..." Buzz: "👁👄👁"
Things are gonna be interestings
Cursed
You can tell Tim Allen was frozen out for wrong think
What happened  to Tim the tool man Taylor?
Nope, nuh uh. No Tim Allen in there? Nope. I'm good
Can we just talk about how realistic the animation is? It’s exactly the same as from Soul.
Yeup get rid of buzz’s classic voice
WHERE IS MIRA NOVA
For all of the Wolfenstein fans:  Why does Buzz look like B.J Blazkowicz but less rendered?
WHOA
It's not a spinoff we needed, but it's most certainly a one we wanted.
When you watching waiting for Stellaris to load.
Already available on Mars 🧑‍🚀
Finally a Disney movie that’s for boys & not another princess movie
Are you seriously telling me that Tim Allen won’t be playing Buzz? It’s an animated film!
Beyond 🥺
This looks so good, Pixar does it yet again. Chris Evans is amazing, "To infinity", "And....."
It looks good, but looks like it's in a near future, when I was a kid there was a tv series which seemed set in a MUCH farther future, where beings from many different planets already lived together.
Nope, just nope
충북 청주시 사창동 300-8 번지 박영희, 이미나, 이미숙 이년들 목아지 가지고와
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!! The world’s greatest superhero is now the the world’s greatest toy!!
I’d just like to say that I saw that when it was #1 on trending
The moment you realize that the entire Toy Story franchise was set in the 22nd century.
AND
YEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
POGGGGGGGGGGGG
Wwoooooooaaahhhh That's all I have to say u.u
looks too cool to be real. Has there ever been a case of  pastiche/parody of a genre character crossing back over to played sincerely?
Anyone else hoping he crashes on a strange planet and meets the local law enforcement?
BEYOND! JUST SAY THE LINE, CHRIS! COME ON!!!
If I'm correct this movie was based around Buzz lightyear right or something like that
For us, it’s an animated movie but for the people of toy story it’s a live action movie 🤯. So is the villain evil emperor zurg?
To Infinity and Beyond.....  Lightyear. #Lightyear
When i saw the date I was like : RELLY!?. But hey, the good movies need time to come out. :D
Ok but when are we getting "Woody"?
Wonder how many people whispered "... beyond" at the end of this trailer
What a bomb drop of a trailer. This is a title I did not know I wanted or needed. This movie looks gorgeous. I haven't been to a movie theater in a year or two, but I would be 100% willing to go for this.
Big Chungus
This looks beautiful.
What an amazing idea for a movie..coz were now gonna know the true origin of buzz light year and the reason to why they made an action figure of him..(what heroic thing did he do) I'm definitely going to the cinema to watch this...
Who else just cannot process seeing Buzz with hair?
Looks like Toy Story meets original Star Wars. Looking forward to this!
Stunning Graphics look!
So when does he fight Zurg like in the Animated Series?
you're a to-...astronaut.
I liked the Buzz Lightyear cartoon. It’s a shame it’s not on Disney Plus
This has some Elite Dangerous vibes.
I hope that the person who decided that the trailer should be set to David Bowie's Starman got a promotion. They deserve it.
StarCraft meets Pixar?lol I can’t wait
I don't know why but I was expecting him to say "Avengers Assemble"
We need a Woody's Roundup movie
disney's really reaching for original ideas...
Nobody is talking about the fact that we are finally able to see Buzz without that weird purple thing on his head
OMG! I can't wait to see this movie next summer with my dad!
0:58 Star Wars vibes ngl
I didn't even know this trailer existed until I browsed Reddit. I grew up on the animated series, so I hope it at least makes some callbacks to that. Would be really cool to see Princess Mira Nova as well and the rest of the animated cast. Either way, I'm excited for it after stumbling upon this. Chris Evans is definitely a good casting imo. Lightyear does have that "Captain America" energy.
I'm just going to appreciate that they uploaded the trailer in 21:9 (instead of including black bars), which has many upsides
Somebody better make sure Buzz isn’t smuggling anything on that ship.
So DiVeRsE
it's star wars lol
Does this mean that Buzz Lightyear of Star Command is no longer canon?  Curse you, revisionist fiction!
breaking 4th wall: the toys are watching this movie
Trailer of the year.
I'll be dying of laughter if Woody is the villain
Buzz got himself some MJOLNER :D
I love how he looks like Seth McFarlane from Orville
I'm very disappointed that Tim  Allen isn't doing this. might be trash
This gives me toy story vibes, but with only buzz light year action.
Finally, Toy Story without any toys
Wow…
"The Last Starfighter" meets "Toy Story".
Well now we need a Woody's roundup western
Looks awesome 👏
The question is, is this Lightyear the inspiration for the toy, or was he named after it?
I wonder if they show the aliens from toy story
It looks wonderful Pixar, thanks for making the new adventure! P.S. Is that Weyland-Yutani logo on the uniform? 1:21 👀
Me: and Beyond 👉😭😭😭
So he visits Earth from a distant planet and then they start making toys based on him, or does a future space program base their suits on a popular toy?
Beyond.
I don't care what anyone says... Pixar are hands down the best storytellers in the film industry. Also the best filmmakers. ♥️♥️♥️
Buzz 1: Então ele é...? Buzz 2: é...
Love it!
I'll love this movie if Zurg is here
Jesus Christ the detail he looks more human than I do, idk it's creepy haha
OMG It's epic!!! just listening to Bowie's Starman made me cry
I personally can’t believe this is supposed to be a “kids movie”. This straight up looks a sci fi film directed by James Gunn.
This is bound to be the most interesting spin off I’ve ever seen
I really want this movie to open with the Toy Story characters gathering around Bonnie’s TV to watch the new Buzz Lightyear movie that came out, and then once they put it on it transitions to this as the movie they’re watching.  (Sort of like the opening of the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command movie from 2000)
sorry but if it's not Tim Allen then it ain't buzz lightyear...
OH NO THEY DIDN’T
In case you're wondering what his dogtag says: Lightyear / Buzz / 0 positive / then a barcode
Give us Zurg.
This looks cool
What's next, Woody?
I didn't know that I needed a children's version of Christopher Nolan's Interstellar so badly until I saw this.
Looks stupid
The real question is how will it fit into the toy story continuity, or will it be a separate thing?
i think they should have just make woodys roundup, this is too real for toy story
#davidbowie
Its amazing how far animation has come in the past couple decades. This looks stellar.
Starlight buzzwars
doesn't that one old buzz lightyear animated series already exist
The movie will end and it will just be a kod playing with his toys and imagination.
disney really sat down and though yes toy movie. but actual toy
Oh my God its beautiful
People saying that he's a toy so he doesn't need a origin story doesn't know that the whole toy brand has lore and they're making a movie out of that
He is a toy though
Where's Tim Allen?
Call me a big kid but I'm looking forward to this film about Buzz Lightyear's origins. Saw Toy Story with my then 6 year old son and it brings back fond memories.  👩‍🚀
David bowie delivering
YOU ARE A HUMAN!
The one Disney movie that actually looks good
Stop it with these slowed down pop song trailers it's sooo played out guys
Alicia: "To infinity" Buzz: "And..." Ronaldo: "SIUUUUU"
To infinity and beyond
That mechanical cat has 4 appearances in the whole trailer ( 0:50 , 1:06 , 1:13 and if you look closely, it's also at 1:15 ) that i wouldn't be surprised was either an character that may help the plot, but overall "character releaf" Or the one that appears that appears as "character releaf" at first that at end is more important that it seemed.   like "it may have the Zorg's secrets plans in them." type of important.
And what?
Now you guys need to do a real Woody movie then have Buzz time travel back to meet Woody
Sucks for the kids who are still trying to figure out what's after infinity
Never before have I had no I needed something till I saw it
This is by far the most detailed movie by Pixar when it comes out
This trailer was absolutely perfect. Enough to get you hooked without telling you full story.
not gona sound the same without Tim Allen
The myth, the legend, the goat - LIGHTYEAR
I actually accept this
lowkey wanna see Wall-E in this moviee lol random
"Those who control the past control the future".
Im calling it rn. This is going to be a movie in the toy story universe and the after credits will be everyone watching it in bonnies living room
0:47 Hearing this song again just reminds me of The Martian film
So the Buzz Light-year toys are based on a real astronaut named Light-year. But Toy Story movies are set between 1995 - 2017, and this movie is set in the future. Man this really is corporate IP vampirism at its worst. No artistic merit or narrative sense or thematic goals. Just cash in everything.
So this is a “movie” in the toy story universe?
“…beyond.”
ke
He's a TOY!
Please don't be Woke
It would be amazing if at the end … his ship crashes …. And he wakes up in Andy’s room … now that is an ending
So Buzz Grow up to become a real astronaut?
BACK AGAIN!
*The meta implications of this movie for the Toy Story world are making my head close to implode* This guy's alive in the same world as Andy and Bonnie and inspired the toy itself? So it means there are aliens and scifi techs in Andy's world? I mean, Donald, Goofy and an anime boy went there on a multidimensional trip before so I guess anything's possible, what do I know
This pic goes hard. Feel free to screenshot
Pixar does it agaaaaaain♥️
Then we need a movie based around Woody
Real Buzz: "To infinity and"  Toy Buzz: "I know, I know"
It seems really dumb to take the main appeal of Toy Story, toys in the real world coming to life, and remove all of that and turn it into another lifeless animated whatever. No one will remember this film 10 years from now, but people will still talk about Toy Story.
I want a scene where buzz uses his wings, since he’s gliding WITH STYLE
What a time to be alive! calling it now, the after credit scene will have him encounter a cowboy who’s face will not be shown.
CINEMA!
I guess it's a story that buzzlightyear toy is based on
It looks amazing!! This is how you make a trailer with out spoiling!!
Does this retcon the television series content?
1:28 oh god chris evans!!! My captain america!!!
Imagine how much it would extend the Pixar Theory
Why in the world is there a robot cat?
Bummer it's not Tim Allen
I cant wait for the Pitch Meeting.
@1:09 It looks like it's using physics for gravitational time dilation, although the numbers are vastly simplified. For Buzz, he'll be doing a slingshot turn around the Sun, which has a higher gravitational pull than Earth (due to its mass), thus slowing time for him in comparison to what Earth has, and then arrive in Earth's orbit again after being accelerated to ridiculous speeds, before finally slowing down within those 3 rings.   This could be a little tearjerker, since for Buzz it seems to be only 4 minutes for him, whereas the rest of Earth will have experienced 4 years already. Well, if you've seen Interstellar, then you know what I mean.  Perhaps on the 'future' version of Earth, there will be faster forms of travel for him to go out of the solar system.
Why not Tim Allen though?
"LIGHTYEAR" IS GOING TO BE "BEYOND AWESOME" WHEN IT HITS THEATERS ON MY BIRTHDAY '06/17/2022'!😆😍😁
I hope there'll be a sequel to this movie called Nesbitt
Awesome !!!! And with Bowie ?!?! Even more awesome !!!
i didnt know i needed this.....
That's totally coaxium...
Tim Allen better be playing Buzz or I swear I'll be mad at Disney.
Gonna have to make some toy strory edits😂😂
also i see those familiar looking robots... time for a special villain
This honestly looks cool, even if it’s not that original
…beyond.
I don't understand. How is Buzz a real person?
1:14 🐱 I can hear that all day! 😊
Theory: this is the movie what the buzz toy in toy story is based off
This Looks Amazing!! Can't Wait
NASA right now: alright, we got fresh recruits because of that new Pixar movie
0:25 Ah, the distant future... wait...
My son is going to absolutely love this!
I wonder where the Pizza Planet truck will be hiding.
0:52 buzz with hair is cursed
"To infinity and Summer 2022"
The Toy Story cinematic universe looks like its off to a good start.
"to infinity" "aaaannd...." *That's why they call him cliffhanger.*  Edit: People are actually getting the reference and this fills me with hope
He looks like Erwin Smith
no, just no
Yes, now we get a back story on why the alien toys are alive
Mr buzz light year 🥲
Bet you will not pin this
It's Pixar, so I'm gonna watch it. Pretty much assume I'll enjoy it.
This is the thing no-one asked for, but everyone needed. I'm definitely still a little freaked out by it tho lol  Edit: Oh my gosh how did i get 2k likes? Thanks!
Whoa... been a while since a Pixar trailer left me speechless 😳
REAL
*Captain* Well done Mr. Lightyear, you're a hero to the people everywhere. *Buzz* Thanks Captain, I've been gone an awful long time, what have the people been doing while I was gone? *Captain* Oh they made a toy line of you as a super hero space ranger. They're the most popular toys in the country! *Buzz* 👁👄👁
This trailer gets me exited yet confused at the same time
Next year Baby
Omg this is so deep
THIS IS INSANE
Looks better than all the other movies coming soon
I am cautiously optimistic about this movie, after toy story 4 I've lost all trust in Pixar holding a franchise in a good way for long but that being said this does look very promising
Honestly I would watch this just for the David Bowie song
the kids who watch this won’t know the backstory
Y
it's like a minute and a half of actual animation, but oh lord This movie looks *stellar* (pun intended.) This is gonna be great!
Realmente estoy muy emocionada
The summer before my son goes off to college! The perfect send-off! Thank you Pixar. Timing is everything.
DAVID BOWIE!!!
I wonder what the song name of this is 🤔
Great a real life buzz lightyear from toy story franchise representing buzz aldrin,   now where is neil lightyear and Micheal lightyear
Why would you not have tim Allen play buzz??!?!?
farscape
So this is before that one cartoon?
Its me buzz A toy now a human
Super Excited For This Movie :)
I'm confused is this toy story or based on who buzz lightyear is before he was a toy?
This honestly looks amazing
Next level animation
NO WAYYY
A story bout a toy from a toy story?
2021
2021
shut up and take my money!
Where's woody
Buzz light year has hair?
Doctor: Realistic Buzz Lightyear isn't real, he can't hurt you. Realistic Buzz Lightyear:
Theory - in the toy story universe this is a live action movie based on the old school buzz light year cartoons and toys. Lol now all we need is a western with woody 😍
Let me guess, Buzz will die and the black sassy woman will replace him for those extra SJW points ?
i can imagine the memers where if the film makes him crash, it's gonna be where Toy-story begins with xd
So cool I had no idea that they was making this till now
Pixar: Woody
00:56  Major Mandalorian vibes
Pretty far fetched but what if buzz comes from an alternate planet than earth and after the movie ends he lands on earth meeting Andy's mom that would be pretty crazy
This is gorgeous!😍
This is just insane, I love it... it's amazing as always
Im so excited to see this!!! We finally get the back story of Buzz Light Year. He was so confused in the first Toy Story movie 😂
Buzz out of the suite? Never thought I'd need to see that
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa*breathes in* huuuuh....AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Spoiler prediction: they pull a Lego Movie and show that the whole movie was a child’s play adventure
To infinity and beyond!
So, Pixar did Interstellar with Toys
Tim Allen gonna be buzz in this or what if not then its a no for me because Tim Allen is buzz
To infinity and…whatever it takes!
But...where's Tim Allen?
When I heard this was a origin story, I didn't expect it to be the SPANGER version and not the Toy version.
01:29 And Beyound 💖💖💖
Why do I get the feeling this may become my favorite movie of all time?!?!   It looks so good!!!!
YOO!!!!!!!!!!!!! I cant wait for this!
Wawww
AND WHAT?!
"Hey guys. It's the REAL BUZZ LIGHTYEAR"
Tim Allen, where art thou?
#1 on trending! Congratulations! And only uploaded today, October the 27th!
I'm going to miss tim
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IM HYPE
He looks so good!!😭😭
Reminded me of Martian with that song
No Tim Allen no go for me.
woah buzz has hair
You know it’s bad when you’re starting to crush on Buzz Lightyear…
Is that character at the end voiced by Uzo Aduba?!?! Sounds just like ‘Crazy Eyes’ from Orange is the New Black .. and looks like her too!!
i didnt know that buzz have hair hahaha
Why not use Tim Allens voice?... It was his character. Doesnt anyone realize that!
To infinity. And 3 more movies after one and a bunch of tv shows and a spin-off and a Disneyland ride!!!!!!
Awww
Kereeen
I'm so excited, ow my god
I CANT WAIT IM CRYING TEARS OF JOYY
*confused happy noises*
Everybody is going to start listening to David Bowie now. Good!
Exciting!!!
can't wait to see zurg being buzz's dad
is this an origin story or a completely new spinoff
this pic goes so hard, feel free to screenshot
TO INFINITY, AND BEYOND!!! I cannot wait for this. literal tears of joy from me.
And there was stupid little me, thinking the toy story movie franchise was over with Toy Story 4.
Terrible. Horrible. Took something that parents could enjoy, but which really belonged to children - and then have taken children out of the equation by growing up the franchise, which had a perfect capstone with Toy Story 4. Sad day.
I am so unbelievingly hyped
I think they missed a trick not getting Tim Allen to voice him.
The best hair reveal anyone could ever hope for!
The Toy Story 1 fan inside me is excited for the new line of Buzz Lightyear toys to come out from this.
😉
Bro, this is literally Star Wars
i wonder if in the toy story universe this was a show or if he was a real person to become a toy
Just let things die with dignity...
Man the amount of hype I got from watching is totally unnecessary!
As Daisy Duck I will give a promise to not disappoint the Disney lovers!
BEYOND....ITS BEYOND GUYS
Glad Pixar is trying to inspire a generation to think about space it is our future after all
I'm so emotional right now, Toy Story was my entire childhood!
AND BEYOND OMG SO excited
And this is the year of space. Welcome Lightyear and Metroid Dread!
To infinity and assemble
Now is this a canon Toy Story character that inspired the Buzz toy or is it a movie from the Toy Story universe that inspired Buzz Lightyear?
George Clooney as light year
Is this the origin of Buzz lightyear?
The movie that the kids in toy story talked about and now we’re all finally gonna watch it I can’t wait
So now we get some background on Buzz? I don’t mind, looks good.
It might seem jarring to some that they're taking a toy from a pre-established franchise and tell an origin story, but even in the Toy Story universe there is a tv show based on the titular action figure.  I feel that this gives leeway for such a movie so it doesn't bother me.  It's like that Crash Nebula special from Fairly Odd Parents.  We'll just gonna wait and see new development for this movie, like the cast and crew behind the movie or the synopsis to make a better judgement on this movie.
A cross between star wars and wall-e...
*Theaters got a friend in me..*
I hope we get more adventures of Buzz Lightyear as a Space Ranger if a sequel is being planned.
This makes my mood weird
Bonus points to any trailer that uses a David Bowie song
The robots lined up at 1:17 look like some of Zurg's own robots in the cartoon and the video game in Toy Story 2. As far as trailers go, I'm content with this, because so many trailers will spoil the plot just to entice fans.
Hmm, seems a bit too low tech for Buzz Lightyear, if I'm remembering Buzz Lightyear From Star Command and the very small bit of the video game we saw in Toy Story 2 right.
When I saw an image for this with him in his suit the image render made it look horrible, but this trailer looks awesome full of promising things about the film
Is nobody going to talk about how disturbing it is to think about Buzz outside of his suit?   (I absolutely love this btw I'm just saying)
This is the best thing I've seen all year
couldn’t hear the music over all the franchise milking
No Tim Allen = Downvote
man o man!! this looks amazing!!!!
Is it me or did i see Combat Carl from the toy story movies
It makes me happy that one of my favorite characters from my childhood will release a movie about him, I hope I go see it to infinity and beyond
Ok but hear me out.... *why*
So are we going to get a woodies round up movie soon?
I’m not complaining about this, this is beautiful.
Is no one else gonna comment on how BEAUTIFUL the animatics is? The one and only Pixar.
Why did this give me Wall-E vibes
An origin story about mr potato head would have been more fitting for a company like Disney.
I can't fathom Buzz without Tim. That "And.." sounded so strange to my ears
After this make Woodys roundup!
Everyone, meet Fuzz Lightyear!
This isn't The Buzzlighyear I know and remembered from Disney Channel's Animated Movie Series and also TV Series Called Buzzlighyear of Star Command where's Princess Meria Nova, Booster, XR, Zurg, and also Brain Pod 13 at Disney and Pixar Entertainment Animation studios! This is a simple cheap easy Money Grab by Disney and Pixar Animation Studios!
Nice to see buzz all grown up
As a lifelong Buzz fan, this just warms my soul.
Wait is he still a toy I can’t tell?
should’ve used the old buzz voice actor
Buzz... I am your father     noooooooooo
How crazy would it be if buzz lightyear was Andy's father
The one thing that I always wondered about buzz lightyear is what head looked like without his purple head cover, I wondered if he had hair or if he’s bald, and if he does have hair then what it would look like and what color it would be, I remember when I was younger I would watch the TV show “buzz lightyear of star command” and in it whenever buzz wasn’t wearing his space suit and was on a vacation with his space ranger friends he would just be wearing a Hawaiian shirt and swim trunks but he never to off his purple head cover for some reason,  This trailer finally answered that question for me and I can’t wait for this to come out on Disney+, this trailer was awesome, now I won’t be asking that question for the rest of my life to infinity and beyond
This will be interesting! I wonder where the pizza planet truck will be…
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND🚀😎!
yooo buzz lightyear origin story? that’s something i never knew i needed lol
Childhood dreams come true.
Why is Tim Allen not voicing buzz?
Here
this has no right to be as good as it looks
We need a Mr Potato Head movie that comes in ten parts and ultimately reveals he's French and loves to eat Pringles.
Woow se ve increíble🤩🙌🏻#2022 🚀
This is what Andy watched before he got Buzz
for someone like me who is all about space and rockets i can honestly say i am now lookin foward to this
The animation looks awesome, still feel weird about tho
so THAT'S what Buzz looks like without the suit
It's incredible how far animation has gone
Calling it the film will be PG-13
I can’t wait this movie looks so good!!!!!!!!
No Tim Allen.  And the odds of this not being a woke piece of trash are slim.
Looks quite brilliant! I’m excited to see this one, a good old space adventure!
Fantastic but buzz’s realistic face freaks me out. I really love the idea of buzz contemplating his life and how odd it is, as he is literal being played with but doesn’t realize it. So I’m guessing the plot is him realizing he’s a toy and not an epic space ranger, although in toy story he learns he’s not.
Absolutely Buzzing for this.
All they needed to do was make a star command movie, but this looks dope
#1 ON TRENDING
Lightyear sus
Aha... Good, good, ... Ehmn... 🤨 But, ahamm, Where is Woody??
Wait you mean it’s not remade with a female lead? Oh I guess he must find his female protege to train to be the next him. Because you know it’s 2021 and everything has to be pro feminist, LGBTQ+, Race, Religion and whatever else they add to the list.
Le falta cuerpo a ese  traje para poder ser digno de buzz
Wow... Just... WOW!
Did everyone just forget the buzz lightyear cartoon?
I mean as a movie, this does make sense. The Buzz Lightyear action figure had to have been based off of somebody.  Also it’s just Pixar not letting this franchise die and I’m here for it.
Not since WALL-E has there been a sci-fi Pixar movie with so much nostalgia and heart!
Doesn't count if there is no Zorg
Remember when Pixar said they were only gonna make original projects this decade, nothing related to a previous IP... yea, me neither I guess 😒
Hope we get one based on Woody too
Wow. Surprise! Although, it's going to be hard to watch a Buzz Lightyear not voiced by Tim Allen. Moreover, this looks quite a bit more grounded than I imagined a "Buzz Lightyear" movie would be.
"YOUUU ARE A TO...." hold my beer...
I'm guessing in the toy story universe this is the movie reboot of the buzz cartoon.
*BEYOND* EXCITED.
but you....R A TOY??????????????????????????????????
Something we’ve needed... for a very long time...  To infinity and beyond
Wow, this looks like it'll be a hit. Good job Pixar, can't wait :O
To Infinity, and Beyond!!
No Al Toybarn?
dope
BRAVO Now this is how you dig deeper into your established Intellectual Property with out milking it to death. BRAVO
Oooh!!
When you hear “and..” AND YOUR JAW DROPS BC YOU KNOW THAT VOICE FROM ANYWHERE 😭😭💙💙💙
This is actually the most legit trailer ever cant wait
Reminds me of Chris Pratt being casted as Mario
Why does it have to be buzz lightyear 😭😭😭 it’s so different from toy story already and it’s not even the buzz lightyear we know? Just make it it’s own thing? Why does it have to be attached to the toy story franchise beyond the cynical monetary reason? Fr fr
Another thing Disney has to ruin
I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED FOR A NEW PIXAR MOVIE IN MY LIIIIIFE
When you combine Toy Story, The Martian, and Alien. Beautiful.
Imagine if it ends with him accidentally going back in time and landing in the Wild West and meeting woody
Does this mean that everything disney owns is going to turn into a cinematic universe??? xD
0:57 gave me vibes of when Luke came into Dagobah to get trained by Yoda, it has to be a reference
I really hope this is good. I'm extremely excited.
1:20 That looks amazing  I’m am so down to watch this “ To infinity and Beyond “
So all this time Buzz lightyear was just a chubby Chris Evans
Великолепный лайк за качественные видео, как всегда увлекательно и интересно, спасибо🤙
This is basically buzz light year with rtx on
This looks insane!! I remember them announcing this and now this has gotten me hyped again
0:13 crystallic fusion
This is trash!!!! where is the fun an whimsy?
I'm ok with the fact that this is something completely different than the Adventures Buzz lightyear of Star Comand but I am disappointed there wasn't a single reference to it in this trailer
Buzz, look an alien!!!  Where!?  Hahahahahahaha!!!
I can just see all the Star Wars references.
New Pixar movie: Me:😐 David Bowie song: Me:😀
This trailer gon make me act up 🥵
Awesome! Just a movie we need to see.
Sequel: He partners up with a space cowboy named Woody.
To Infinity, and Beyond!!!!!!
Dogecoin to the moon
Calling it now, the short before the movie will be a full episode of "Sheriff Woody's Roundup".
There desiging is sooo super beyond great with a song is lit
#1 on trending for just a Pixar movie?? Yeah. Chris Evans nation go *hard* 😩
I grew up with toy story, you’ve brought what I thought of only as a dream into reality. Thank You!
Where's Zerg?
I read a theory that what if he ends up in another dimension where he’s a toy?  Since Woody’s gonna be in this, that would actually be so sick and would make sense why he was taking himself so seriously in toy story
Me: "I can't believe toy story is over!" 🥺😭🤕  Chris Evans: *"I can do this all day."* 🚀🌠🌟🌟🥰
Could this be Pixar’s first PG-13 film?
"Infinity awaits". What about beyond? 😉
Did anyone watch the Buzz Lightyear Star Command cartoon that was on in the early 2000s?? I guess this is replacing that as canon…
I love the look of this!
so is buzz a toy or a human that has a toy based off of him
Dude this is like the old cartoons and movies they used to make Im so hype
Lol
This looks really good, but if Zurg isn't here i swear bro
Yesssss,  for the love of toy stories Yesssss!!!!
to infinity and beyond... holy
thumbs up for the song
Looks like a shameless attempt to make a buck to be honest
Very Cool
First it was Onward. And now this cinematic Pixar for the first time since star wars and avatar
Might be a good franchise... Not much background on buzz so the sky's the limit
Woody: YOU ARE A TOOYYYY!!!!    woody watches this trailer: i stand corrected 😑
To infinity and…. Quarantine
It always botherd me that his ear doesn't really glow...
wow buzz
This legit looks dope. Zurg was about to hit us with the Vader entrance from Rouge one.
Menuju tak terbatas dan melampauinya 😁
WOAH
VOLTRON VIBES
This is probably one of the timelines that Dr. Strange saw.
I can’t with his chin 😂
1:14 I'm the introvert cat.
Where’s Tim Allen ?? He’s the voice of Buzz ! I like Chris Evans and all but he’s not the voice of Buzz .
0:49 kamino?
Woooo
Finely finally it all comes together
This was unexpected, can't wait to see it!
I would use David Bowie's Starman in all space travel movie trailers, I love this song.  I hope it is heard in this movie.
So are we going to see an end credit scene where adult Andy is getting up from seeing this and complaining about how they are trying to change his childhood and ask where X.R. and Booster were?
This actually looks very interesting..
Toy Story: Haha, a really heartwarming story of a toy and his friends   Toy Story Lore:
I was hoping this would be a reality!
This gives me heavy big hero 6 vibes.
Buzz Lightyear is a human now? Sweet!
Is it a prequel or sequel?
SO COOL. I NEED TO WATCH THIS
This is movie for us, for people who were kids when original Toy Story arrived. Can't wait to see what you have in store for us, what message this movie holds for kids inside of us and adults on the outside.
Wooooooooooow
Oh wow! I thought this was going to be some boring realistic film from Pixar, but color me impressed! This actually look great!
They are sure milking that 🐄 to ☠️!!!
It’s looks like an alternative Toy Story
I like the old cartoon that had the same concept. Multiple aliens work for star command and they all wear the same suit. This looks more like an astronaut than a superhero?
They need to the first Toy Story 1 with this graphics
Boa noite,  noite  boa! Good night,  Night good !
I’m really not sure what I was expecting when I first heard of the initial teaser, but uh…probably not this. Looks interesting though.
Looks really interesting.
Alicia: "To infinity" Buzz: "And..." Zurg: "...and I am your father."
Theory, this is Joe Swanson in his prime
I forgot they were making this
OH~ Pixar... why do you ALWAYS make my day even better! UwU
I don't get it, are they saying this inspired the toy? So in this case Toy Story will happen in the future. In other words, the movie is a prequal about how a "real" astronaut inspired the toy?  If that's the case, what year does Toy Story take place?
Thats a firsr in like 7 years... im actually hyped...
Siiiiickkk!!!
Woody's Roundup next!!!!
How Buzz got to earth story huh ??Yeah this will complete my childhood
toy story meets interstellar
The weirdest part of this to me is that movie Buzz had hair this whole time but his toy didn't
Woo wee there was a lot going on in that trailer well I am cautiously curious.
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND !!!
Zurg better be in this 🤞🤞💯
“To infinity” “And”     “What? Apples? Bananas?”
This is the movie about real hero who was inspiration for toy in the end of 90'. And it looks like story from 2070. how it is possible? time travel?
the graphics and everything are cool but        BUZZ HAS HAIR
LETS GOOOOOO!!!!
I love how they used David Bowie’s “Starman” ❤️
My childhood right here yo
Let me guess, the movie ends with him ending up in Andy's room?
I am so hyped for this my family will freak out
............BEYOND!
“You people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered crystallic fusion?”  You can spot the call back to that line at around 0:15
beyond.
This looks great and all but if zurg isn’t the main villain in this movie imma gonna riot
Huh, I'm genuinely supprised to see this. Never thought they would dive into the lore of buzz. Kinda interested in seeing this
No way
At first I thought this was going to be a soulless spinoff but holy smokes it looks incredible 😮
Lightyear - A Toy Story- Story
This is definitely a billion dollar movie.
I'm gonna look forward to it, but it's not gonna be the same, if it ain't Tim Allen or Patrick Warburton
Awesome!
And the Brigs where´s it?
a good title would have been "to infinity and beyond"
AHHHHH OMG IM SO HYPED
mans isnt even a toy anymore 😭
I'm genuinely hyped for this.
Seriously hope that Tim Allen comes back for the toy of Buzz Lightyear.
Getting Wall-E vibes from this for some reason 😂
You are a TOY
Man they did Tim Allen dirty
You know what??? ....its not bad....not bad at all.....
Paladin Danse would be proud.
Definitely going to watch when it comes out
Well, I'm hyped!
O-O
This has convinced me that Chris Evans would make a great Captain Kirk
Bro I actually am kinda hyped
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND 🚀🚀🚀🚀. FANTASTIC WORK 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼😄😄😄😄😄
Boss lai yir :0
Aw yeah look at all the not-acknowledging-Buzz-Lightyear-of-Star-Command they're doing. (I'm sure it'll be fine, but I grew up with the BLoST movie)
why is the quality so high
They didn’t get Tim Allen. Cringe.
Why do i feel like this ties to WALL-E? Plus im ready for this!
So this was why buzz was so messed up when he found out he was actually a toy  Imagine going on an emotional space adventure only to find out it wasn't real  Unless buzz was a real person and thats what the toy was based off of that came to life  I'm incredibly curious about this movie
I like almost everything, but his chin looks strange with that mark. I think I prefer the swirl.
Buzz: I have a story  Woody: I can have a story  Patato-Head: What if Andy start playing with me by now huh, ya gonna knock me outta the window too?
awww.....no Tim as the voice....
For almost my whole life, i wanted to know buzzs backstory. Because he only ever appeared as a toy who had adventures. But now i get to see who he really is. And i really cant wait to see this.
But where's Tim Allen?
to infinity and beyond!!!
if you think about it the whole movie is a commercial for the Buzz toy in Toy Story.
The Luxo lamp is hidden in the Stars
From the world of "Toy Story!"
So the toy buzz lightyear was made about a real buzz who went into space ... dope
I always wonder what looked like with that purple second skin on his head!
Awesome! ‪Wonder if there would be one for Woody? ;)‬
Omg
Why?
Its 1 on trending and im only an hour late
Chris Evans is the only reason I’m watching
is this a reboot of Buzz lightyear of star command?
I like the Captain America throwback, when he walk in and sees the suit, just like in Avengers
"To infinity.."  "And..."   S U M M E R    2 0 2 2
The.animqtion looks sweet, can't wait
aint he a toy? why he got this backstory this is dumb
Whaaaaaaat! This is amazing! Can't wait!
0:43 Fuel Scooping
New 40k expansion looks lit
Oh. So a "real" Buzz Lightyear left his planet for Earth and we just happened to make a toy line that copies his exact looks, and backstory?     His Lazers should work, and either the toys are alive or Buzz Lightyear is a crazy man full of hallucinations.  The fact this movie exists hurts the brain.  Which is Canon?  Toy Story Series or this? It can't be both.
Okay, I'm mentally, physically, emotionally, and spiritually ready to cry again.
What is this weird trend of replacing established characters' original voice actors with Marvel actors these days?  First Mario, now this?
Now if we can get Nathan Fillion in there as some sort of space cowboy.......
Well shucks
Wonder how he becomes a toy
My favorite toy finally gets an origin story.
They borrowed a lot from starwars. But it's space and they own space wars so nvm
This feels like a blizzard movie we never got.
I will be honest a little bit of wee came out I’m that excited about this film
This looks  incredible
Wow
Took them long enough. So excited for this.
Does this mean they found aliens in real life in the Toy Story universe if the toy is based on a real life guy? They made first contact and nobody has talked about it lol?
“to infinity…” “and” *”summer 2022”*
1:17 those things look like zaku. There is eve a red one at the very end!
Such a nice redesign of Buzz for this less meta world. Honestly looks gorgeous, too.
I wouldn’t be surprised if they made a Woody movie at some point in the future
Zurg maybe the villain in Lightyear.
ngl i hoped tim allen would voice act buzz lightyear but hey chris evans is a good voice actor too :D
Now where's Woody's gritty western movie?
Buzz dying at the end of the movie: "make a children's toy to honor me"
WHY IS THIS SO AMAZING
I see hints to Star Wars AND the original Alien series in this single trailer and I’m HYPED
Adding Bowie's "Starman" is a nice touch
Finally I see the complete face of Buzz :D
"and"
I cried…
Bro I haven't been this excited about a movie in so long
Try to find at least one white male other than the main character))))
YOU, ARE, A, TOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY, YOU'RE NOT THE REAL BUZZ LIGHTYEAR, YOU'RE AN ACTION FIGURE. YOU ARE A CHILD'S *PLAYTHING.*
Ah, the floor is made out of floor
Super excited
The origin of Buzz Lightyear?!?!? Oh hell yes!!!!
So that’s  means woody getting his storyline also soon I’m ready !!!
Buzz Lightyear looking like a Halo Character with his suit
HOLY JWDB THE ANIMATION IS *_STUNNING_*
Its a time travel movie, similar to interstellar. You can see it on the white board with the robot,
Wait a minute... where's the XR, Mira, and Booster?
Where's Tim?
They Should of Gotten Tim Allen.
Super excited that the trailer is finally out!!! Can’t wait for the movie
They mad him look more a bit like Tom Cruise
"Not Yet Rated?" Oh make it a Hard R! Hard R!
Is that woody?
BEYOND!!!
I know I want this Pixar
Wow!
5th time watching this trailer
This is possibly the greatest example of something I never knew I wanted. Absolutely amazing Pixar.
Its Buzz Lightyear
How buzz ended up in toy story.... The movie that came out 2.5 decades late
This looks stupid
Woodys round up movie anyone?!?
Allá la están llevando al infinito y más allá
"There"s a star man, Waiting in the sky."
I’m just glad it’s something new and not a remake
Star Wars x toy story.
Bring Tim Allen back
Lol I’m 34 and I can’t wait to see this
I really want to know how this fits into the Pixar theory. I know that some people said when it was originally announced that maybe this guy is who the buzz toys were based on. But this trailer makes it look like this mission to go around the sun happen decades after toy Story 1 looking like the suits were based on toy. Unless lightyear is suppose to be a movie within the toystory universe. Will be interested to see if and how it would actually fit into that theory people been trying to keep alive with each movie.
WICKED
Booo! You replaced Tim Allen! Booo!
Maybe now Disney will put the Buzz Lightyear animated series on D+.
Congrats on #1 trending, this channel is so underated and underground
Oh my gosh this looks so good.  Disney space movies are my favorite!
LET'S GOOOO
E
use me as a *BEYOND* button
We all have to grow up sometime
So I’m guessing that’s Zurg walking? 1:18
0:57 Dagobah with X-Wing?
When he is saying t-minus he says "2" twice
XD
literally my 4th time watching this. AMAZING, i very hyped for this film
AMAZING ! I already love it !
I'm waiting for "the ranger" now
what i didn't need in my life
I'm so ready, I'm so happy this is being made!!
Wait what this looks good
Beyond!
Sick
OMG I CANT WAIT 😃😃😃😃😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Buzz looks just like my Dad and I’m not sure how to feel about it.
Buzz.. Buzz.. Buzz Lightyear to the rescue!
So we are going to experience what Andy felt when he saw this movie.
Infinite warfare trailer
David Bowie's Starman is the Theme song for Mark Watney and Buzz Lightyear
The movie we didn’t think we need until the trailer dropped
........sling shot using the gravitational pull of celestial bodies, getting lost in a strange part of space.... Farscape much? Plus.....how do we get here from a toy doll?
It's like the story of buzz lightyear...🤣🤣
there better be a woody movie next
I am watching this‼️‼️‼️‼️
But the backstory doesn’t make any sense. He literally is a toy that was delusional.
Bazz astral huh ?
Daddy?
Feels like a missed opportunity not to have Tim Allen voice the main character.
I hope this film ends with the words, “To infinity… and BEYOND!”
I didn't know I was waiting for this but I was
No one: The Cat: Be-boop be-boop be-boop
This looks soooooo cool
Where's Tim Allen?
ol ok
To Infinity & Blah-la-la-la-la-la!
To Infinity and I can do this all Day
It is so weird to see Buzz Lightyear with hair!!!
I am so Buzzed for this
No Tim Allen, no sale.
0:58 looks like dagobah
This is amazing! Chris Evans is now Buzz Lightyear!
Buzz with hair is cursed! Jokes aside, good trailer.
i am so excited.. the song choice ... man can u please release it early i NEED THIS
New metroid looks great
they used David Bowie!!!!!, also they better have references to the original tv show
I like it, so Nostalgic... I can't wait!
Well with that music choice and theme I expect an Elon Musk reference/ cherry red Tesla appearance.
“To infinity and...”  *”...and wHAT? WHAT IS IT??”*
If it ain't Tim Allen, it's not canon
*SPOILERS*   Zurg is buzz's dad 😨😨😨
Love this
1:22 This pic goes so hard. feel free to screenshot
I love all the interesting perspectives that Pixar offers in their storytelling, looking forward to it!
I thought Buzz was a toy, not an astronaut. He can't fly
OMG SO AMAZING 🤩
Looks interesting
What? 💀💀
Buzz??!
They're actually giving Paladin Danse his own movie.
This might be the most ambitious project Pixar has ever done!
I'm all for telling the stories of the ones that inspired the toys!! And yes, I plan on crying like a baby.
Let's all be honest....it should be Tim Allen
Weirdly more hyped for this than I was for Toy Story 4! Such a great idea to continue the franchise in a new way!
I got chills watching this. I don't think I have ever anticipated a movie as much as I do now and I didn't even know it existed until a few minutes ago.
*This looks pretty dope* 🔥
And Beyond!!!!
OMG HE HAS HAIR
Went too cinematic. Try-hard dramatic. His nemesis is the Evil Emperor Zurg ffs. Needed to be campy & fun.
WoW 🤩
I'll see it. Also, we're reaching widescreens of absurd proportions. It's gonna take dual monitors soon to fully display these videos breaking the horizontal limits.
Halo: Disfinite
I hope is an animated interestelar
Comentarios en Español aqui jeje
Why does it have an almost Ace Combat type of vibe?
ITS NOT EVEN TIM ALLEN VOICING HIM, WHAT ON EARTH IS THIS? WITHOUT TIM ALLEN OR TOM HANKS, EVERYBODY KNOWS TOY STORY IS NOT TOY STORY WITHOUT THOSE 2 LEGENDARY HUMANS OF PLANET EARTH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can we get an original story for once
RTX on Toy Story
ОАОАОААААААА Я В ВОСТОРГЕ💕 ЭТО НЕОЖИДАННО И КРУТО
I hope woody shows up
This feels like a playtime imagination inception.. like 2 or 3 levels in.
High key thought it was a game ngl
This movie looks visually amazing I'm hyped now
Literally on geonosis
This is going to be on my list this summer if it has Tim Allen
looks like a overwatch trailer
Brilliant trailer.
That better be Tim Allen voice!
So, Star Citizen and toy story collab. *nut*
I’m so excited! I hope they make a Pixar Woody western too!
Did Tim Allen die?
Sad that nothing from the Saturday morning cartoon will likely be used in the movie.
Took them long enough 😊
I'll be disappointed if his crew from the original animated series doesn't have a cameo.
Buzz ? 🤯
so is he a toy? or is this who they made the toy after
I'll bet anybody a $20 gift card to  Pizza Planet that the bad guy ends up being Zerg, and Captain Lightyear recruits a local sheriff named Woodrow to help him,
Just an all around fun looking movie. Nothing to prove but to have a good time.
Who Can Do Toy Story 5
That's my most anticipated Pixar film of 2022.
👀
I sad beyond at the end of the video. Like if you did too.
better tie into toy story 1!
And…. Beyond!!!
BE!!!!YONDDDDD!!!!
Hey, look! It’s Paladin Danse!
This looks like it had the potential to be amazing but I’m afraid it’s gonna be woke trash
I don’t know how to feel
even without his suit he still looks cool
Let's get it
Running out of ideas ywah
Stunning and brave.
We can finally see captain america going to the moon
Its Dagobah!!!!!!
absolute chills when the song came in
Well i didn't expect to see buzz without space suit.
I want the woody movie with his origins at little bighorn
This won’t top toy story.
Princess Mira Nova and the rest of the crew better show up in this
I wanna watch this
1 year for buzz is 1 year for everyone else during his journey
That guys a toy
Anybody remember the cartoon show Buzz Lightyear Of Star Command?
Woody : "I never said thank you." Buzz : "And you'll never have to."
So Excited!
The movie no one wanted but we’re all gonna watch it because Pixar made it
to infinity and summer 2022
This prequel looks like it has so MUCH potential!
Oh wow, wasn't expecting this at all
i love space movies. and from a childhood character this is good
the smash brawl of toy story
Too white n straight
Amazing a lot
So this movie is just gonna ignore "buzz light-year of star command" the tv show? Aight
Wonder if there will be any references to the cartoon?
Thks God there is not a Bad Joke at the end of the trailer.
Zurg better be the villain in this or I swear to god
God he looks awesome and great
Buzz
Pixar 10/10
There seems to be some signs of intelligent life out here.
In 1:08 is learning how to travel to the future...using super speed...around that star...
Buzz is such a chad
There’s just something about the song playing in the background that I love
I can hardly wait if this happens
I don't understand where this is supposed to fit in the continuity
I would have waited for infinity and beyond for this movie!
Buzz: I'm just a toy a insignificant toy Pixar: let me help you with that
:O
0:55 is that dagobah?
When I saw the thumbnail I thought 'oh god no', then I watched the trailer and I have deep nerdchills. This is going to rock.
OMG this looks awesome! Can't wait for this!
Wowww
The new space suite looks like the mix of the  Doom Slayer’s and Master chief and I’m all in for it!
"Avengers........" "To infinity and......" Chris Evans always leaving is hanging
What happened to Tim allen?
“To infinity, And …… (whispering) beyond”
It is just me or buzz's suit is DoomGuy's suit with a premium skin?
another movie ill wait for hkuadwdhkakdawwudkawdakh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11!!111!1!1
sooo is there a planet of toys?
Bro, where's Tim Allen at?
We're all in dire need of more wholesome movies, I hope this one turns out as good as it looks like from this trailer <3
Wall-E and Buzz ❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
Are original stories so hard to some by? Or did Pixar run out of legacy. Too  bad parents will have to sit trough this drab.
i would watch this
I thought he was a toy
What
This looks like Star Wars and guardians of the galaxy had a single universe together.
But will Zurg be in it though?
1:21 YESSSS
I really needed this today. Yes
I’m call’n it 🤗✅🔥💞beyond‼️yes 😂
Wait, so he really was a space ranger?
All the that production seems awesome I barely can wait to watch one soon. I think they got it right definitely!
Coming Summer 2025: Woody’s Roundup, the Motion Picture
Ever wondered if the people in toy story have a the light year movie and we’re just watching what they watched?
This looks SOOO good
Me waiting for this trailer for what has felt like 10 years
Pixar don’t miss
🤯
Looks Great. It looks more serious
WOOOOAAAH! They gave Buzz a realistic MAKEOVER! 🎉🎉👏👏👏
Just imagine the end credits is just Bud and Woody watching the end credits and talk about how the cat was cute 🤣
"Hes a star MAAAAAAAAN WAITING IN THE SKY" Im sorry but best sing ever BOWIE FOR LIFE!
OH.MY.GOD 😆 I’ll be 30 when this comes out, kids get out of my way!!
???????
Sold
Oml I can already tell the music in this movie is gonna bring the nostalgia 😭😭😭😭
This movie is gonna be like the incredibles 2 made for kids but it's the adults that are gonna enjoy it because it is actually made for the ones that grew up with toy story
Awesome another reason to live in 2022 nice
I like to think in the Toy Story universe that the toy Buzz Lightyear isn't based off a medium, but based off a true story.
Let all the 20 and 30 year olds lose it!!
This looks like something that could either go really well or really bad but I'm still excited to watch it anyway
Is this Buzz’s programmed backstory :0
Mrs. Nesbitt really seems to be in a better place.
I wonder where Woody is during all of this
It would be nuts if this ends up being a trilogy that turns into having the characters from the cartoon!
This is so cool! The person the toy was based after!
They will have the Little Green Men too????? (I hope).
E
Who's going to score this? I want either Alan Silvestri or someone lesser known. Someone who can create something epic and a memorable theme.
how can this be an origin story if it's set in the future?
Move outta the way kids! This one is is ours.
Honestly im hype but why buzz voice different but whatever this movie ganna look so goood
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!!!!
This movie should be in Dolby Atmos!
Alien music? Of the rocket launching? (Ref to the fact disney now own Alien lol)
If they have an end credit scene which is Andy as a child reacting to the end of the movie in the movie theatre I'm going to flip!
I wonder when we're gonna get Woody's Roundup.
Awesome!!!!
love it
Awesome music choice!
Meanwhile sheriff Woody will be in his own solo movie as he hunts down the Dutch Van Der Linde gang
Woody: “YOU. ARE. A. TOOOOYEEEE!” Buzz: “Hold my infinity and my beyond.”
On the one hand: The success of this movie could result in a Woody's Roundup film/show On the other hand: The internet will erupt in realistic Jesse R34
Either way, he is still someone else's property. lol @0:52
Chills.
*:O*
No.
ok cool it has aerobrakes
This trailer actually fills me with childlike joy. I am 46.
I thought Buzz Lightyear was a toy from a Star Wars like franchise
I hope they still bring back Tim Allen to maybe be the narrator for this at least. Like a "This is my story..." kind of thing.
Watch woody pop out of no where in the movie 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This pic goes hard, feel free to screen shot
To infinity and beyond
While I don’t mind Chris Evans being case as Buzz Lightyear in this animated film - what about the original Buzz voice? Wouldn’t this be something perfect for him?
Cant wait for it to get to the UK
Buzz Lightyear RTX ON
Seeing buzz with hair *I COULD NOT BELIEVE IT*
I know actors don't or can't do it forever but it just hits the ear wrong not being Tim Allen's voice out of that mouth.
Honestly can't wait for this film!
Was not expecting this 😮
in the sequel Buzz needs to get caught in a time vortex that sends him to the old west where he meets an ornery cowboy and they become best friends
AMAZING!
I thought this dude was a toy
“You’re mocking me, aren’t you?”  Am willing to bet it’s all in Andy’s head or sids fantasy’s
Please I need this to be the best movie ever
Honestly this looks great and I don't watch cartoons anymore
I'm 10 seconds in and my heart can't handle this beauty
This feels like it could be a live action serious sci fi film
Chris Evans giving Captain America energy not completing iconic catchphrases 😭
Tim Allen better have a cameo in this movie
1:18 I'd recognize those robots anywhere! THEY'RE ZURG'S DRONES! (Well, VERY similar to his robots from T2) FINGERS CROSSED WE'RE GETTING ZURG!!! UPDATE: After rewatching trailer, realised the robots have a Z on their chest, so yes, WE'RE GETTING ZURG!!!
TIME TRAVEL
This film looks like pants, and I'm sick of hearing David Bowie's Starman in every film set in space.
0:58 that's straight out of star wars 😂
This just made my day 😀
Ok
This is what Pixar is about. Ever since I’ve been in my teens I never felt like the updated movies had that Pixar movie feel. I thought it was just because I was too old to get the feeling but this is pretty much everyone’s childhood for people who were kids from 1999-2021
No Tim Allen? 😤
Come on man!!! Play Space Oydessy by David Bowe
I hope Tim Allen gets a role somewhere in the movie.
I’m crying of happiness
Hollywood forcing interracial relationships into every facet of media... again. Disliked and never paying to watch this.
Love the trailer getting real Halo: Reach vibes. The spaceship looks like a Saber and the launch is very similar.
I actually liked the Buzz Lightyear animated show. So this does put a smile on my face.
So I guess no one remembers Buzz Lightyear of Star Command. Such a classic gem.
Toy Story: the Snyder Cut
This looks like a really fun twist on the Buzz Lightyear back story. Looks fun.
When this releases; they should drop all episodes of Buzz Lightyear of Star Command on Disney+
It's Pixar Spartans....chills!!!!
I never knew I could need something I didn't know existed so much until now.
I hope Lightyear doesn't skip theaters into Disney Plus
the suit still looks like a toy. i love it
I was here
Hopefully this doesn't get me hyped up like toy story 4 and then disappoint me like it, because it honestly looks AMAZING   TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
I'm getting The Martian vibes from this and I am SO here for it!!!
They didn't say and beyond
this is gonna be a certified hood classic
How can someone move so close to the Sun without getting hit by a solar flare?
Y’all aren’t asking this one question: Will this be in the next Kingdom Hearts game?
Woah I wasn’t expecting this, I remember when I was like 9 stepping out of the theatre after watching toy story 3. Can’t wait to feel like a kid again after watching lightyear lol.
🚀
What will Zerg be based on?
alright... Pixar listen carefully. I am already hooked... I love the reference to buzz light year..... I love that he is going on an adventure... now   don't release anything about the adventure....    don't release any more lines... of the movie...   in fact don't even make another trailer for this movie I wanna see it... now... right now.... this second now....   all you guys have to do now is make the film 2.5 hours   steer away from pop culture references...  have a good story that flows with its own unique idea....   PLEASE DON'T SPOIL EVERYTHING IN THE TRAILER
so far i am feeling epic seeing this... it's like the time before Star Command was in space... well who knows if ZURG will be the known antagonist... but then again he's usually the the Villian Buzz takes on to hopefully this really go TO INFINTY AND BEYOND!! and I still enjoy Buzz Lightyear of Star Command series and the pilot movie.
“Hey, guys, look! It’s the real Buzz Lightyear!”
This song sounds like fly home from tilt lol
Uhhhh  So buzz if he was real? Or who the buzz toy was based on.
This is real Buzz light year idk it looks pretty fake to me. I need Tim Allen as my Buzz ☮️
There's Flerckin HHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Very cool is the movie
Intrigued....
This is begging for a Halo mashup trailer, especially Reach
Wonder what character John Ratzenberger be voicing
Ok Mr. Lite Beer!!!
This will ruin the pixar theorists
Unlike anything Pixar has done before
Isn’t this the same music from walle as well?
To infinity and beyond
JUST SAY BEYOND DON'T LEAVE ME HANGING
Wow this actually looks really good Idk what it is about space but pixar always seem to do such an interesting job with it
What
:0 o dios :0
Yo. That looks amazing!!!
And beyond!
This looks like StarWars meets Toy Story and I absolutely love it. I need this movie and 2022 can’t get here fast enough.
This looks like an in-universe parody of gritty reboots
0:55 this reminds me of the mandolorin
This "To infinity", "And..." is the most unbearable cliffhanger i ever experimented in my life !!!!
Wow so cool
Some people (Including me) believe that that old cartoon "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command",  (this is a theory) was made after he went to space, then the toy was made after the show.
Мде.. Как будто трейлер к "Марсианину".
Can Disney make something original for once
so he's not a toy here?
Can't wait
Ahh just wow, Pixar makes magic!
Great concept! Woody’s  and Jessie’s backstory next. 👏🏿👏🏿👍🏿🙏🏿🇬🇧
Why is every trailer lately featuring a classic song with an echo or static reverb?
Idk how, but in the last few pixar movies, I could tell they were done under covid, and social distancing. But here, somehow, it seems like things are starting to open up again
Look at how they massacred my boi.
1:21 am i the only one who thinks the Space Ranger suits look like Halo armor?
If they could bring back the characters from the Buzz Lightyear TV show that would be awesome
IM CALLING IT They are going to make a movie titled Round Up focusing on woody next. Based off the Round up gang mentioned In toy story 2
A lot of people are saying stuff like: "Nobody ever asked for this, but I guess it could be an interesting concept"  Meanwhile, if you ask ME, I've been dreaming about something like this since I was a kid!
Wait this actually looks raw
Finally seeing buzz with normal clothes on!!
The sad thing is none of this exist just imported in buzzes by the toy makers
This will definitely be a success.
Who is going to break the news to him that he is a TOY!
Theaters gonna be full of people old enough to fight with Star Command! Cant wait!
I believe the word you're searching for is SPANGER
This honestly looks pretty interesting. Sad that Tim Allen isn’t buzz. But hey! We have another great actor in the seat
0:58 Luke’s XWing on degobah vibes
0:56 looks like Dagobah.
Childhood fellas
I prefer to think this is what took the eyes away from the cowboy genre instead of it just being a movie that woodie and Andy watched together
1:29 Is that little "finger-bump" thing a reference to E.T.? 'Cause that'd be a pretty neat nod for the Space Rangers' signature handshake to be a "Go home" gesture.
This looks...honestly overwhelming!
I hope it gets rated M that would be so epic
Toy story 5
they didn’t say and beyond, one of them is dying😔
This doesn't seem right?!
Доить, доить, доить. Пока от коровы даже костей не останется. В этом весь Дисней. Бесконечность не предел. Во истину.
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
Sorry, but Buzz Lightyear voice will always be Tim Allen in my mind.
Doom guy backstory in a nutshell
*This will be Toy Story in 2014*
SOULLESS
0:13 Buzz in the first Toy Story asks Woody when he first meets him “do you people still use fossil fuels or have you discovered crystolic fusion?”
Imagine this: At the end of the movie, it's revealed Andy and his toys were watching it in a movie theater within the Toy Story universe, and once they leave the other toys say "So Buzz, what did you think?", and he responds "It was *highly* inaccurate."
Are they still toys or?
Before: "What is this low-budget Pixar spin-off?"  After: Mind. Blown.
Beyond.
It's not a Lightyear movie if there's no Zurg. His motivation has to be that his father went out into space and disappeared into the cosmos. Then we can get the classic reveal that Zurg is his father (after years of believing Zurg murdered his father), which keeps in Canon with Toy Story 2's own "I am your father reveal". Not spoilers, just facts. 😆
Can't wait to see Zurg in movie <3
If I had a nickel for everytime a Chris Evans is about to say the iconic line of his character (that is buff) and suddenly gets cut out I would have 2 nickels, which isn't a lot but it's weird that happens twice
Looks just like star wars
Disney actually made a recent good movie!
How dare they use David Bowie to make me like this trailer more.
Disney try to create new IP challenge (IMPOSSIBLE)
Why
1:20. Doom Armour moment
Long live Tim Allen!
To be honest, the voice of Buzz disappoints me.
wow this looks good
I feel like Evans will play VERY WELL AS BUZZ
this looks so good, then again, so does every single pixar movie
I thought this was for Disney plus. wow. glad its not
Should be Tim Allen, but this still looks great. Here's hoping the diversity hire progresses the plot and doesn't bum everyone out.
This is AMAZING!! I can´t wait! To Infinity and beyond!!
0:13 crystallic fusion. A nod to Toy story 1 when Buzz asks what fuels they have discovered in Andy’s room.
I've never seen Buzz's hair before...
I’m liking the direction Pixar is taking, I saw some else saying it would be cool to have a western about woody. And I 100% agree!
I love Buzz, well I don’t know the human but I guess that what the movie is for & I’m excited. And it’s nice to see a Black female lead character, I love her design btw! Always love the work of the character & environment modelers! Shout to the Visual Development & Look Development teams too!
Not expected at all for this to ever happen
I feel like we’re seeing Andy’s imagination when he would play with buzz.
waiting for Woody`s and Jessy`s origin...Lone Ranger vibes, anyone?
This is gonna sound crazy, but I would have thought Buzz’s hair was purple.
I know this is an _origin_ story, but I really wish we coulda seen a certain blue lady, big red guy, and sarcastic robot.
When Buzz screamed at Sox he sounded like  Pre serum Steve Rogers
Dhe sembra fatto bene tocca vedello
I swear I've seen this guy somewhere!
Give me halo and apex vibes
Buzzlight year is back baby
No Tim Allen?   Hard pass
All I can say is, they'd better have Zurg in it
Is any else surprised that buzz is human or is that just me?
❤️👌👌
Can't wait for the movie based on Woody. Then a Cinematic universe where buzz and woody meet
I don`t get it: the origin story is in the future(space technologies, aliens, robots) while toy which should be based on this particular space hero, was produced in 1990-2000. How is this happened?
Bro, make it a real movie
YEEE
Get your popcorn 🍿 ready!! I need this in my life right now
It would be nice if the voice was done by Tim allen
Not gonna lie. When I was a kid, I really wanted to see a movie about Buzz Lightyear
The incredibles chuck dog
I'm sorry to ruin everyone's dream, but this doesn't work by definition as Buzz isn't a toy anymore.
I don't get it... Buzz was just a toy...
I hope this movie doesn’t have a lot of dialogue it looks better that way.
If they have a villain in this movie it better be Zurg
You are a sad, strange little man.
Must feel nice to play a character for  25 years across multiple movies and then get replaced when he gets a solo film
Oh yes plz...
Stop giving Bezos ideas.
This shot in 1:20 reminds me of Masterchief.
Trailer looked like a bunch of cheap... Very cheap animation . Lame
This actually gave me goosebumps. Looks incredible.
Nice touch, with Bowie
I mean it beats another Cars sequel/spinoff, so I'll take it.
If I was an established actor, I'd start doing animated movies. Good money to be happy and way less work.
Yoooooooooooooooooooo…. Dope
Got a good feeling about this
The trailer is so good I’ve watch it 10 times already.
Why does Buzz look like handsome Shrek
If there's no Emperor Zurg I'm going to be very angry
Both Disney Princesses and Star Wars have failed to appease Millennial nostalgia. But this looks promising.
Animated "Top Gun"  this looks incredible.
Waiting for Woody's cowboy movie.
Now do a Cowboy shootout movie with Woody
I knew Buzz Lightyear, you sir are no Buzz Lightyear.
So technically toy story's Buzz experienced all of this?
Hey guys, look! It's the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
it looks a little too realistic.
HEEEEEEE!!!!!
LIGHTYEAR: A STARWARS STORY
Buzz lightyear confirmed!
buzz has HAIR?
At 58:00 it looks a lot like Yodas planet is that just me tho 🤔🧐
Oh. No thanks. You had two better people to chose from, Allen or Warburton, and you didnt.
IS HE ON DAGOBAH?!?!
0:52 He does have hair! 😱🤯 We’ve never seen him with the purple snoopy cap off
They could make a spinoff movie of a solo woody movie called Sheriff
Where are they going after infinity?
Galyn "Susman" produces.
So excited to see this!!
This gave me The Martian vibes with the music
This is actually sick. I am excited
Everything was epic until he put on his clown outfit of a suit. Don’t get me wrong it’s awesome but it doesn’t fit the somewhat serious tone of this trailer.
Should have been Tim Allen voicing. He IS Buzz Lightyear
woody: Your a toy.... Buzz: ......😳
Hey Pixar are you considering on making a epic Mickey movie  😁😁🤔🤔
There's going to be as many (if not more) excited adults than children at the theater when this is released. I will be one of them!
I wonder if Zurg is buzz lightyear’s father still 🤔
OMG this looks great! can't wait!!!
Noone asked for this, but there it is and now I ask for this... Took me off-guard...
This gives me Major Mass Effect vibes and I LOVE It
Bring back Tim Allen!!!
Bro a Buzz Lightyear origin story? Im here for it.
Can’t wait for this movie ‼️‼️‼️‼️Pixar always makes great movies I know this one is going to be awesome 🤍
This trailer reminds me of walle
Ésto va a estar de madres 🥶
so is this canon?
This actually looks incredible
*I like the way they upgraded the Starman song*
Finally...... Something good out of disney..
What's with the 2,1K dislike?
So many great choices on display in this trailer. Gave me chills. I'm calling it. This will be the best Pixar movie since The Incredibles.
Buzz life nice🤯🤯🤯🤯
Ok I want you to remember while watching this movie that toy buzz remembers everything. So just imagine being in a space adventure and then you wake up as a toy.
Now we all know how buzz is after toy story a man.
Looks awesome
So does this mean Woody will get his own western movie?
28 years old this year, grew watching pixar movies, this hits right in the spot of childhood. To infinity and beyond!!
OMG!
esto es un poco raro debido a que boost en un jueguete pero bueno disney con sus cosas raras XD
I thought this movie was a lightyears away from being made
“Once the astronauts went up, all kids wanted to play with was space toys”
goosebumps
This will be Pixar's 2nd prequel since Monsters University. THIS IS GONNA BE INFINITELY BEYOND AMAZING!
Alright, I'm excited. Can't watch another trailer
Why I think this is gonna be epic?
To INFINITY and….
Might as well get Tim Allen. He’s the perfect Buz
This looks good
To infinity and bed and bath and beyond
This looks dope. Now we need a Western film with Woody, Jessie, Stinky Pete & Bullseye.
to ♾ and 🚀
After this, Can we get a cars 4?
this looks Awesome and Chris Evans is perfect as Buzz Lightyear
"To infinity and..."  "Assemble."
SOMEONE PUT ZAKU IN A PIXAR MOVIE
is it just me, or does this seem like they used the x-wings from star wars, along with the light-speed thingy, and hyperdrive in the whiteboard?
So, Pixar did Interstellar with Toys  edit: they didn't
Ok but why is this related to Toy Story? Besides the astronaut's name and kinda similar outfit this just looks like a generic space adventure movie trying to capitalize on Toy Story's success.
Goose the Cat!
1:02. IS THAT COMBAT CARL FROM TOY STORY OF TERROR?!?
Finally!!! SOME INFO ON THIS GOD FOR SAKEN MOVIE!!!!
It was a great run, Tim. Thank you for your service. To Infinity and Beyond.
love this 😍😍
This version feels like Captain Marvel mixed with Star Wars  Sox the cat looks like Goose from Captain Marvel
POV: Kids version of star wars
The true story of the greatest space ranger, the world’s ever seen.
Star Wars + Marvel + Pixar
This is gonna be a good movie
I love the art style.  Makes the movie look a little more "grown-up" and less goofy.
Dang this is the same studio that made cars 2, they've improved.
Does this count as a reboot as there are already cartoons and I think straight to dvd movie?
I'm already crying, Pixar.  Nicely done.
At the end, you see ''this movie is not rated yet''. Certainly this movie needs to be rated for bringing 'emotional turmoil and nostalgia back' for sure!
When he's looking out of the window gazing at the city, That is so Captain Marvel . Also when he's flying into space and exits the ozone, That is so Captain Marvel!
To INFINITY…..!!!
OMG OMG OMG THE STARMAN REMIX
This is beautiful
this really made me tear up for the wrong reasons
Doom Guy, early years: The Prequal.
100% Must Watch... Ty Pixar
hopefully Woody gets his own movie
This is insane! Literally what I've always wanted
Ok yeah it looks cool but I think it’s totally unnecessary to create a spin off movie of an iconic character. Buzz didn’t need it. Can you guys keep your money in Encanto please?
Genuinely awesome
This will be great as a Buzz Lightyear movie. I can't wait to see it!!!!!!!!!
Tim Allen isn’t Buzz Lightyear?!?! What did I miss?
Love Cap for the voice, but not going to be the same without Tim doing it.
Ok, i accept it, i was surprised when the youtube notification of pixar with the title and picture appeared on my phone.
Rule 34 artist be happy rn
what are you anymore
Zurg better be in this
So i guess real buzz lightyear is the real buzz lightyear
buzzzzzzzz
Dude so many shots in this remind me of Captain Marvel ! Love it
1:30 Beyond!
Can't wait for Summer 2022 this looks so good.
Tbh I’m confident Chris Evans will nail the roll but it just feels weird not seeing Tim Allen voice buzz, when you think of buzz light year you think of Tim Allen. Wish he was in the movie as buzz but he’s not, hopefully has a cameo
Nice David Bowie use
This really didn't need to exist.  We did not need to have a serious dramatic take on Buzz Lightyear.  We did not need to suck all the color out of a fictional action figure superhero.
So hype
he definitely has makeup to make him look younger
Star wars vibe!!! The planet looks like Dagobah
This...Will be awesome
"To infinity?"  "And—"  Me:............ *WHY* WOULD YOU DO THAT?!?!!!?!
1:20 Now we're talking!
Serious Captain Marvel vibes and I'm here for it
Looks good man I did not think they were going to use the buzz lightyear suit
Alright you did it again Pixar, tingles
why
Ojalá salga María Antonieta y su hermanita :v
Was expecting buzz body to be like mr incredible
Ok now this is epic...
Everything Pixar does is gold
I'm a grown man and I can't wait....
Best year for trailers
They're missing the point not having Tim Allen doing Buzz's voice
0:57 tell me this isnt dagobah
Очень круто! And beyond!
No Tim Allen 😢😢😢
I really hope they add Starman in that movie. If they don’t, I’ll riot
I am a mom and I can’t wait to watch this movie 🥲
No way and I’m kinda early to something. If woody or Jessie isn’t in here ima sue
Anyone getting starfield vibes?
YES KETS GO
BUZZ HAS HAIR??????????
I don’t know how I feel about this…..
Disney: “ We know you’re watching Dune and getting hyped for The Batman…. (Slips this into a billion pockets) “Just a little something…😏”
"To Infinity and Beyond"  -Toy Story (1995)
Tiene buena pinta
i didn't know i needed this but it looks promising
I feel uncomfortable seeing Buzz with hair
OK but wasn't he a toy
This was so unexpected, I love it!
how can it possible in toystory universe?
Cannot wait for this
That's the best thing ever
Like Istg if they add buzz to Fortnite imma end it all man
Finally something different from Pixar! Something other than the sappy, sentimental fare of late.
Disney: we are done for we can’t push Star Wars any farther. Disney Exec: wait...there is another
Anything with Pixar and space is day one for me. Which is kinda sad because this is only Pixar's second space movie ever.
I am so excited!
This is Pixar's version of Final Space.
My childhood memories are back ❤️🥺
This actually looks pretty decent. Can't wait to go see it.
Truly can't fathom why they felt the need to tie this into toy story at all, seems like it could have totally stood on it's own as a new IP.
so this is what buzz action figure was based of. A movie in a movie
AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAB
1:19 enters Emperor Zurg
👀👀👀👀👀👀👀👀👀👀
Look at me woody, i'm the space ranger now
Anyone one else noticed how they're using Coaxium to power up his ship? From Solo a Star Wars Story... Go back and look at it!
🙂
Cool
This is gonna be awesome!!! And song choice is a win!!!!
After Lightyear, we need the woody movie
..Beyond!
wait wut? not Tim Allens voice??
To infinityyyy... AND BEYOND!!!
1:18 these are the Zurg robots and I bet that Emperor Zurg himself is in that shuttle (evidently nodding to return of the Jedi opening scene)
I've now watched the teaser at least two dozen times now. If this song isn't in the movie, I'll be disappointed. ;)
bueno ya se estreno toy story 5
He has a cat
"in theaters" Thereeee we go!
Kinda wished they brought back Tim Allen for this role....  Don't get me wrong, Chris Evans sounds pretty good, but...you know: nostalgia and all that
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ LIGHTER TO THE RESCUE!
This concept of taking the ToyStory characters and giving them their own movie is amazing. They should do a movie Woody next and a 3rd movie where they meet up. Buzz crash lands on earth or something.
I feel like they’re gonna make him corny. I’ll delete this if I’m wrong
I'm a little confused, didn't there used to be a series/ movie called "Buzz Lightyear of star command" and that was supposed to be where Buzz was from?
We better get a Mr Potato Head origin story movie.
Why do I get Dagobah vibes?!? 00:57
Was I the only one that thought it was Buzz light *gear*
I swear if there is a twist villain.
The animation is absolutely gorgeous
MY CHILDHOOD IS FUFILLED
No!!! WAY!!!!!!!
Hopefully this gets a whole new generation interested in space.
Zurg better be the villain.
WALL-E and EVE are really bout to crossover with Buzz Lightyear
2k on the dislikes and its still so small compared to the like side of the bar.
Woody: *¡YOU ARE A TOY!*
Pixar I love you
Yaaaaaaaaaa MERAKLA BEKLİYORUM YİNE
If this movie is successful then they should make a Woody movie
Thank you Pixar, for allowing those that dont have disney+ to watch this in theaters
UOOOOOOOOOOOO
IT'S BUZZ LIGHTER AND NOW I KNOW WHY THERE IS BUZZLIGHTER BECAUSE THERE IS A ASTRONORT
Imagine if ... Buzz Lightyear = Andy's Dad, confirmed? with this all taking place while Andy's Mom is pregnant with Molly :mindblown:
I wonder if Zurg is gonna be in the movie. I also wonder if they’re gonna reference the animated show.
I’m excited to see Zurg again
Buzz's armor eerily reminds me of Halo.
Whoever did color keys on this movie deserves it all.
Not even gonna poke fun at this. It actually looks good.
русские локализаторы назовут его "Буз световой год"
Will it feature Emperor Zurg? And will Emperor Zurg be Buzz's father??
Shiba coin on top mrbeast invested in it anyone else ?
Buzz's costume is very terrible, not original. i am expecting to change this badly image
When Interstellar meets Toy Story :
Excited how Zurg will look like
But that's not Tim Allen :(
Cant believe its finally here! Edit:The part were he jumps and does that pose after getting spooked is the same movie he does after getting spooked by Woody in the first film.
Why have I watched this like 11 times now
In 2022 no one will go see this movie Hollywood might as well just save their money or donate it to the homeless population quit wasting money on woke trash
Got chills seeing buzz’s hair
Watching this feels like a fever dream, and I love it.
Love chris evans but tim allen is just iconic
Now let’s get woodys round up next
That’s America’s Asstronaut
Toy Stories ASSEMBLE
Not the Lightyear that I grew up with, yet I think it is gonna be great.
imagine a crossover between all the Toys and we get a scene like Avengers Endgame and Buzz Light year shouts "Toys Assemble"
We almost saw Zurg 😭
CAN'T WAIT TO WATCH THISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
Buzz Lightyear, it's you?
Buzz has hair🤯
He looks like woody from cars 2
"So, we meet again Buzz Lightyear, for the last time!" - Emperor Zurg
I hope we get a Woody origin story as well and honestly it would be cool if they go from a sci-fi film to a western film.  This looks awesome!
Oh my gosh…the animation…the music! This looks awesome!
Disney once again proving that their demographic not only is soccer moms, but annoying cartoon review channels on YouTube
SO THIS IS THE SERIE WHO INSPIRED Toy-Buzz !? JUST DO A FREAKING MOVIE ABOUT BUZZ INSTEAD !!
Next film idea would be Sheriff Woody.
Bro Buzz has hair
I thought he was a toy... No?
Now I really want to see how it all channels with Buzz, a human who is venturing into outer space, being Galactic Emperor Zurg’s son
My sister is going to love this move because her favorite Disney character is buzz lightyear
#INFINITY
Time to comb the trailer for the pizza truck.
This actually made me cry ...... i really dont know why... im 34 and grew up with TOy story and this character. I will be supporting this in 2022!
SONSUZLUK VE ÖTESİNE ✨✨
I like this
RTX buzz light year visits dagobah while listening to David Bowie
I used to watch Buzz lightyear when I was little it brings back so many memories
God I can’t wait to see emperor Zurg he’s gonna look so cool  Also if there isn’t a woody toy hidden somewhere in this movie I will be very disappointed
I have a feeling this movie is going to focus on buzz lightyear’s true origin story
This looks amazing I can’t wait
While watching this trailer, all I can think about is if eventually in the movie, Buzz will bump into a woman with the same joy and energy as Jessie
What if we get a bunch of different spin off movies like this. Imagine a Woody one based in the western days with Bo, Jessie, Bullseye and Stinky Pete as the villain. Even a more cartoony comical modern bank heist featuring Hamm, Rex, and Mr. Potato Head.
Buzz’s iconic suit looks insane with this one!
So is this what Andy saw in his universe that made him love buzz?
Love it! Separating the characters from the original story to make for a new stories might work this time
YEARS OF ACADEMY TRAINING WASTED
Idk, man. No Tim Allen? Meh.
Shoulve kept tim Allen
Honestly this looks like a really cool adaptation. Can’t wait!
cool toy bro
This looks amazing honestly, I can’t wait!
This is the movie I wanted as a kid. And I’m so glad I’m getting it as a adult
I wonder if they are going to make “Cowboy”
I'm feeling like....guys...who all agree...should buzz lightyear be in Avengers.....🖲️🖲️
You're as beautiful as the day I lost you...
Whether I realize it or not crystolic Fusion could might as well be the same as radiation.
We grew up with Buzz . So they gave us the grown up Buzz film . Thank you!⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
1:08 Same reaction he had when he first met Woody!
Cool, but wheres Zurg?
Woman: "To Infinity..." Buzz: "And..." Me, a 5 year old: "Your Mom"
This looks phenomenal. Starman in the trailer was perfect!
What excites me the most is that they made his partner a black woman as a new character instead of turning Buzz Lightyear himself into a black woman. I guess that is the difference between Disney and Pixar.
This looks amazing. Fun!
Now we need is woody roundup
Wall e 2
I wish my son (2.5 years) was older so we could see this at the theatre together. <3
wait, so we get an origin story on why the toys are alive as well?
Ok. Now this looks like an Out Of This World adventure. That countdown sequence gave me chills.   Can't wait for this movie!!
"To Infinity and... Balalalahla"
Buzz ustarl!!❤️
Let's go Brandon!
Great song choice!
The atmosphere makes it looks a bit like Wall-E
Starman makes this trailer perfect.
why they gotta anagram all the gingers?
👁👄👁
Yo aside from the characters I feel like this movie actually looks like live action. In some scenes I can barely tell that this is an animated movie. I'm just so amazed how far animation technology has come!
1:27 Fun fact: that’s a reference to the end of Toy Story 4 where Buzz said to infinity and woody said and beyond, except no one is there to say and beyond, so who will this new character be?
I’m so excited! This looks so good!
This is so surreal
Anyone getting chills?
This is going to be great or awful. But no in-between
Ooooooh
Our family can not wait! Thank you Pixar!!
I’m gonna cry
Why does the astronaut remind me of buzz from toy story
Will the characters of Buzz Lightyear Star Command make an appearance?
Buzz finally got his own movie after so many years.
Childhood memories coming back
Little did they know it is a toy driving it...
To infinity and beyond
1:30 Beyond.
My 27 year old self is watching this.
Dislike is from Woody
0:51 Me: omg we get to see what he looks like now! 😁😁  0:53 Me: *AHHHHH WHAT THE, WHAT IS THAT*
* they show a weapon in the trailer * ME: Will you put at least laser weapons or something like that to complement the spatial concept? PIXAR: no, it's a high-tech taser
Oof, I was so sure that they would end the trailer with that one phrase...
No Tim Allen...no thanks
I'm a 90s kid and I grew up watching Toy Story on VHS over and over again...you can't just replace voice actors for childhood classics. Great for Chris Evans but Tim Allen will always be Buzz 🥺✌
YES!!!
No Tim Allen so that’s a hard pass for me
0:43 Me trying to land on the Sun Station in Outer Wilds
This is the weirdest thing ever to see it like this now....
The real question is will Emperor Zurg be in it???????????????
weeeeeenaaa la pelicula de buzz yoghurt light
Still waiting for the finale of Woody's roundup
animation level is infinty and beyond
Can we get a Woody western movie starring Chris Pratt?
Glad so see Buzz Lightyear finally has own standalone film. Almost every scene with him in all of the films of the Toy Story trilogy were hillarious to me and now seeing that same level of comedy would be brought to this film would be incredible. The animation is nice and the score is lit that leads me to believe this at least will be a decent movie.
"To infinity and summer 2022" doesn't really have the same pizzaz or staying power as the original quote, if you ask me.
It's ironic watching this trailer today while also seeing SHIB go to "infinity and...."
I didn't even know that this was going to be a thing until the trailer hit my recommended list, and I'm kind of here for it.
Lightyear looking at the space suite looks just like captain america looking at his suite in avengers.
So the Hammer and Sickle dub and the Russian dub gonna be "To Soviet and Union" or "For Lenin and Stalin"   Might be interesting
The animation is INCREDIBLE
The use of this song mixes as it is definitely is playing with my emotions. Bravo Pixar 🙏🏾
I always wondered what missions Buzz would have done for Star Command, I never thought that 20+ years later I would find out
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I'm so in love with this already
He has hair this time
think i soiled myself
The more i see this trailer the more i'm exited about this reboot. It's so random the idea but it's fascinating, in it's own dimension, this a total new point of view. I'm getting a lot of the martian/Interstellar vibes, can't wait to hear more about it.
Someone tell Space Jam that this is how you milk nostalgia and make something old feel fresh and new
To Infinitea and Colonisation vs Mark ZURGerberg?
lol, looks fun.
I remember watching a buzz lightyear solo movie on vhs those were the days.
Buzz & Bowie - perfect!! Can’t wait!!
The "agenda" continues.
Pixar, I love you so much.  I have goose bumps all over my body and even on my face, and tears in my eyes.  Toy Story is a very special story for me.  I saw this trailer now by chance and did not even know that such a cartoon was being prepared.  this is a fantastic idea.  I look forward to it.  thank you
Was waiting for Buzz to say something… was hoping Tim Allen would be voicing him
I wouldn’t be surprised if at the end it was revealed that Andy was watching this movie in the living room with his mum and sister.
This just made the Toy Story Series 10 times better
so has disney just thrown out the 'toy' in 'toy story'?
I’m watching this the animation looks so good
Shame it’s not Tim Allen doing his voice. I love Evans but Allen just IS Buzz. The same way Tom hanks is the only true woody
What if Zurg is voiced by red skull?
nope, shouldnt of been made
Nope, no, NO! You can't release this until you confirm a Spaghetti Western Woody movie.
Wait, what does this mean for *ZURG?!*
I screamed beyond
its not a space film without Bowie music lol
Chills when David Bowie started singing star man and seeing Buzz’s suit 🥺😭🤩
To infinity and... beyond
Yooo this animation looks so real like 😱 and that music makes it sound magical
0:19 Zurg
Woody: BUZZ, LOOK, AN ALIEN! Buzz: Where?! Woody: ON YOUR LEFT!
But where is Zurg?
I wanna see a post credit sence of the toy story characters ngl
Our childhood has been restored     NOT
I've always dreamed of this
Me just vibing to Starman
Guys, its *"To infinity And Beyond!"*  C'mon you know it.
Sorry looks boring. I won’t be watching it.
Took you(Pixar) long enough! Next is woody....I can dream...can I🤔
Love to see Pixar milking the toy story up for all it’s worth
If this doesn’t feel like a 1995 sci fi action movie and feature Evil Emperor Zurg we revolt, I ain’t even playin
Am I in the minority in that Buzz and the suit just looks so out of place. The rest of the characters don't fit in with him to me. It just looks weird
Should've been Tim Allen.
I really hope this has a good ending and that Buzz doesn't die. That would make me cry. This is my childhood. I also want to see specifically why the toy was modeled after him. So much potential for this movie.
I am genuinely surprised by this, I wasn't quite sure about it when this was announced but the animation looks incredible. Especially loving how this is the origin for why Buzz exists in Toy Story, which is quite a cool idea for a Pixar film.
Tim Allan will always be buzz
Years of academy training wasted!
This trailer looks so good it has to be fake lol its just too promising XD
Woody's Roundup better become an actual show after this.
Coming in 2025 'SLINKY'.....
I UNDERSTOOD THAT REFERENCE!
to infinite and your mum
This trailer really gave me chills
Now that's a good trailer. Won't be watching another one, I'm in.
How is it that Pixar's movies keep looking better and better every year?
theres a starrmannn
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🚀🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Wait hold on how does the animated series of Buzz fit into this ?
Y do I feel like he's gonna die???? But then again I don't think they would make a toy about an astronaut who passed during a space mission 🤔
Beat there gonna do sheriff woody next
HOLY SANDWICHES, PIXAR! This movie looks like it's going to be a blast! Get it, because Buzz is blasting off into space?
Bruh buzz is so CURSED it remind me of the sonic design
Can't wait
Interesting… kinda veering off to an imaginative path of what Buzz’s life is.
i don't think is about buzz lightyear (the toys) more like the protagonist use to play with buzz when he was a child and get inspired to became an astronaut..
Please do a similar Woody film with Woody voiced by RDJ! Then a movie bringing them together. That would be epic!
Wow!!! I'm truly impressed and interested. Disney/Pixar you Won me back over. I'm loving it! "To Infinity and Beyond!!!"
LOOKS SO EPIC!!!!
They should also make a Woody movie with Ryan Gosling as Woody
My childhood questions are gonna be answered and i loved the trailer
Wow! What an amazing teaser. So excited!
interstellar 2?
Awesome, just awesome
I loved the old Buzz Lightyear movie from the early 2000s, this looks cool
Who did the remix???
Looks good but just watching the trailer makes me so uncomfortable thinking how buzz lightyear became a toy
meat sandwich. you'll thank me later
Really hope it’s not ruined with politics, I just want this movie to take my headspace out of the garbage going on.
that end reminded me of big hero 7 😢
Does this means that Pixar will also release a western movie about Sheriff Woody?
I absolutely love that this movie is even a thing!
Fun fact: Not one of you expected to see this
Has sort of a farscape feel going for it....
So you're telling me that this is a movie about the toy of a movie that happened inside a movie?...  I have lost perception of the meaning of movie, what is movie?  Wait....  Does that mean that the toys we have of Buzz are the toys of the movie of the toy.... What is Toy ?
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAJA, ah que es en serio...
2022 looking real nice... too nice...
Hopefully this will be better the toy story 4
wow a good movie for once
This is a *real* reboot of a *fictional* property within another *fictional* property…This is too meta for my brain to handle and I’m 100% for it I think
This is interesting
Все ждал что это фантазии База, и история игрушек, продолжение 😃
There has to be someone that looks like woody in here.
IT IS BEAUTIFUL!!!!
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare 2
So which one came first? the toy or the actual person?
This by far is going to be the most waited movie of all time but if zerg is going to be in this film I am going to be happy and the lighting ...
Beyond
bro this look so sick the worst part it's that will be related with disney so no cool fight scenes or any blood
Why not Tim Allen tho?
My inner child is back.
I trust in Pixar
looks good
I was waiting for this moment 😍
This movie almost confirms the Pixar Theory.
Hate how this  unironically looks good
I've got a feeling this movie will be better then the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command TV show.
Saludos a Pixar nos rechazo 🤑🤙
Pixar can make now part 2 of EPIC
Wish Tim Allen voiced him again.
nomelacontes
I bet this will be like a live action in the universe of toy story based on a cartoon and there will be a post credits scene where the toys say "that didn't look like the buzz from the cartoon"
If this is a prequel and we learn that buzz enters a parallel universe where he's considered a toy, i will lose my mind
TO INFINITY  *waits 4 movies later*  *whispers* and beyond..
Can't decide if it was a missed opportunity not to use Elton John's rocket man, or if it would've been cliche
WHERES MY "WOODY'S ROUND-UP" THE MOVIE?!?!? Now that would be an amazing movie... We'd finally get to see if Woody made the jump and as ed the day!...Please Pixar, seriously consider it...
Omigodomigod it's happening!
That’s pretty cool, I wonder how this will connect to the toy. I wonder if it’s a prequel or a sequel
Sacos qué emoción jajaja
this movie sucks (not trolling(
I hope they put Zurg in this and Buzz has his signature wrist laser.
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR!
NO WAY NO WAY NO WAY NO WAY NO WAY!!!!!!
0:52 OUR PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED! BUZZ HAS HAIR!
Hang on, could this be a gateway into characters from toy story's back stories? Like Woody? Is this going to be a whole new universe? What about Zurg?
*YOU'RE!*  *NOT!*  *A!*  *TOY!!!*
I wanna see a woody movie, like when they showed the woody series in toy story 2 on the tv
No Tim for the voice? Meh it's a hard pass.
From seeing the thumbnail I thought this looked stupid.. from watching the trailer I thought this looks EPIC!!! SO BUZZED! 😂
"Did breaking thrusters fire?"
THEY USED BOWIE'S STARMAN I'M CRYING 🥺💙😭
My hype for this is immeasurable. Buzz Lightyear is my childhood.
Imagine the toy story 2 i am your father reference becomes canon in the movie
Buzz Lightyear has hair?????
The disturbing part is that Lightyear's ship is indicated to be an exploration vessel in the trailer, but it has a gunsight in the cockpit, implicating that it has weapons
This reminds me of a Marvel movie. Seriously, this looks like something they wrote. And there is multiple references to Captain Marvel in this.
as a kid for some reason buzzlightyear had such a big impact on me, i still dont get why. just thought he was so cool just a toy who wanted to always be a hero, was never expecting anything like this.
Best trailer I’ve ever seen ???
I can feel the tears of nostalgia coming
Toy Story hands down is my favourite movie saga I cannot tell you how excited I am for this movie
Wait so is this the actual event that buzz is based off of and then you have the animated movie about the space ranger from 2000s which is them making a movie about this event(lightyear movie) which isn't a movie but an actual event but movie to us which makes the animated one a movie to them but at the time a spin off for us...it's toy story inception...love it
Almost like Lightyear hit thousands of theaters before action figure
This is The Best Trailer ever and Chris Evans is going to bring The Voice of Buzz Lightyear in a Amazing Way and to see Lightyear's Story about how he became a Space Hero will make this Movie even Better!🚀❤⭐🤩👽😍
I'm a little confused.. I thought this was just coming to Disney+  Are they doing both theater and streaming?? Either way looks awesome!! Can't wait to see it! Reminds me a little of the 2000s Buzz Lightyear cartoon.
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR IS THAT YOU!?
To infinity and beyond!
i better see emperor zurg
I cant wait for them to make buzz lightyear toys and make movies about it being a toy!
Ok not gonna lie, while i felt like this was just gonna be a cash grab undermining the entire point of buzz accepting he is not a hero but just a toy yet still finding purpose, this looks like a rly fun space adventure i can't wait to watch. I don't care if the movie is gonna bring me in with nostalgia, if it makes me stay for good writing and scifi am not leaving.
Purr
The hype is real.
Why am I slightly hesitant to think this is a real movie and not just someone’s fan fiction video
Now this is the *REAL* origin of buzz lightyear. And now we need next is an origin movie about woody
Origin of Buzz? I'm down
So this is how cap ended up in the moon
i hope they add the characters from the tv show from years ago that would make the movie even better
Oh it the real buzz light year
YOU ARE A TOOOOOYYYYYY!!!
Is it a running gage for Chris Evans to be given an iconic slogan and not finish it? Lol 😆  But great trailer looks pretty good 👍
Please God, let him meet a colony of 3 eyed green aliens that won't leave him alone 🙏🙏🙏
We need western story next
Это великолепно! 😍 It is beautiful! 😍
perfect trailer music. better be a david bowie soundtrack
If they made Buzz so realistic they should make Woody a separate movie as well just like this one.
But was buzz was just a toy in a box ? So dose even work ??
0:58 that’s a Metroid Dread E. M. M. I. and there is nothing you can say to change my mind.
To infinity and beyond
So is he a man or a toy?
I bet we see a Wall-E in this movie somewhere
"...beyond."
It's bananas how good this looks.
please be a dimension-hopping buzz who gets dimension hoped into a toy
A movie, based off a show, based off a movie, based off a show, in a movie, starring a toy, modeled after that show
That woman should absolutely be played by Hayley Atwell.
So this looks pretty cool, but I feel like it breaks the Toy Story universe. I was always under the impression the toy Buzz Lightyear was based off a television/movie character (like most toys). As far as we're aware the universe of Toy Story is much like our own in terms of technological advancement and contact with alien species.   BUT  If what we're seeing is meant to be the "true" origins of the toy Buzz Lightyear, AND what we're seeing is meant to be "reality" in that universe, then that would imply humans in Toy Story are far more advanced than we are because they're capable of interstellar flight. So why is there no evidence of this in Toy Story? Were these events covered up and this is some sort of top secret mission? But if so why would there be toys made based off this guy?
Astartes: Buzz Lightyear??? :OOOO
To infinity and assemble
Animation looks amazing !...Where's Xr,Mira,Booster,Commander Nebula, Zurg and L.G.M.s ? Wonder if Darkmatter is a woman in this version...
Oh yeah this is gonna be good
This is so stupid I love it
I can't wait to see how this is supposed to fit in the pixar theory.
Chris Evans got some really ionics lines in his lifetime "I can do this all day" "Avengers Assemble!!" "To infinity & Beyond" 🔥
This is definitely a test subject for future Star Wars franchises.
This is like Top Gun meets Star Trek.
This is how you explore a universe without messing with existing content, actually looks kind of cool
Se ve increíble, el trailer escarapela el cuerpo
Here I am 26 years after watching Toy Story 1 in theaters  and I want to buy a Buzz Lightyear toy again.
WE WUZ
Is it only me or Buzz looks very similar to Chris Evans? I don't know why, but few of his facial expressions he does - it just screams Chris Evans? It's not a bad thing, just wondering if anyone's noticed
I don’t think that he turns into a toy later in the movie. I think this movie is about the guy that toy was based on.
Yaaaaaaaaaa!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
It would be cool if Andy or other human toy story characters made a cameo in the movie as actors for this movie
This will be the biggest movie of 2022. Mark my words.
We all know there’s gonna be wall e Easter eggs
To infinity and…WHAT?!
I wonder if it'll be anything like the tv show?
"I can do this all day." -said no one.
Amazing
Looks like Bob from the Incredibles
lets see. Looks like an action film, old school nostalgia, Chris Evans is another superhero now, it's beautifully animated and David Bowie's starman 👌I now know I'm going to watch this
I can’t imagine what the evil emperor zurg looks like!
Some Starfield vibes here as well. Nice.
Ooohhhhhhh
To infinity and “Summer 2022” best phrase ever
"Let me finish! ...no, you ruined it."
YEAAAAAH!!!!
Wouldn’t be surprised if Wall-E made a cameo in this one.
Osea que en realidad todos los juguetes que se hicieron de este astronauta de verdad no un personaje de ficción por lo que se le reúne tributo de esta forma ya que es una figura a respetar o ya no esta con nosotros
Pixar: makes a Buzz Lightyear movie, proceeds to make everyone else around him a minority class race or women....
Bleurgh
Won’t be the same without Tim Allen …
So where does this fit in the Toy Story timeline?
Are they aware that Tim Allen is still alive to do the voice?
NO MAMEEEEEEEES!!!!!!
What a great time to be alive!!! Toy Story is my favorite movie franchise of all-time!!! To infinity and beyond!!!😍😍😍🥰🥰🥰
My question is, are we going to see the ultimate showdown between him and the villain Zerg?
0:12 "Do you people still use fossil fuel, or have you discovered crystallic fusion?" 😁
Your mom
0:56 anyone getting Star Wars vibes?
Now we need a Woody movie where the old show from Toy Story 2 gets renewed and we get to see what happens after the last episode from the tv show
Woody: “YOU ARE A CHILD’S PLAYTHING!”  Buzz: *laughs in space ranger*
I need a Woody movie too please and thanks
Current mood: intrigued!
To infinity and beyond....
pipupipupipu
Now they need to make a a movie with Woody and call it "Roundup"
Buzz got that chin fat
nice
This feels like inception. A movie within a movie.
Ok, so David Bowie ripped off Over the rainbow.
Not bad. Not bad at all
Looks awesome, but no Tim Allen? Boo
since.  uh.  when.
This is a spin-off for the Toy Story franchise, which means 2 things: 1. If and when it releases, hope for Toy Story 5 will return. 2. John Ratzenberger has *got* to come back!
I would love if they did this and a sequal. End of the sequal he goes through a worm whole and wakes up as buzz from toy story!!! But I hope the remake the buzz lightyear of star command film. Would love to see it in this format
“To infinity” “And…”          Bunny: YOUR MOM
Therapist: realistic buzz light year is an a thing he can’t hurt you realistic buzz light year:
Can't wait to see Emperor Zurg
To infinity and this summer 2022?
Looks like so much fun! Can't wait!
Amazing
Chris Evans is still blacking out catch phrases! LOL
If you told me would I be interested in a high budget 3D gritty Buzz Lightyear origin movie, I would of said "what?" But this looks hella legit.
No Tim Allen. He was fitting. Because buzz lightyer seems like a rat
I was waiting the whole trailer to see if there was going to be a reveal that he was actually a toy lol
Bowie
So is the toy story toy based on this real astronaut, or did this movie already exist in toy story universe and the toy is merch from this
♥️♥️♥️
This is utterly stupid when this character was just a toy on Toy story wasnt even Real utter garbage pixar you are just Trash and this film is going to bomb big time Lol watch and see.
Next time solo film  sheriff Woody?
number one on trending right now
Me: it's been a very lon time since a trailer gave me goosebumps Lightyear trailer:
I am surprised at how excited I am for this
Hope there’s a Toy Story Easter Egg reference before Andy gets Buzz!
i love how buzz looks like chris evans
Who asked for this movie?
Adult Andy’s reaction to this movie. Would be end credits Comedy gold.
I really hope this is good
Заткнитесь и возьмите мои деньги!!!!!
“That wasn't flying! That was falling with style!”
I just got chills !
If you look at the yellow robots chests in this scene 1:18 they have a Z, maybe this means the return of Zurg!?
My favorite Bowie song! This movie gonna be amazing!
Interesting 🤔
Well this was unexpected. Awesome trailer. I can recognize moods from classic sci fi franchises from the Alien saga to Star Trek, The Martian and many more. This movie seems pretty promising. Don't let me down Pixar. Like you did with Toy Story 4...
Now this is a trailer...
A prequel to Toy Story!? HOW BRAVE, STUNNING, AND ORIGINAL! (If you scrape the bottom of the barrel any harder you might poke a hole in it)
We have all waited for this moment...
Would be cool if they threw in some of his crew mates from his old cartoon show
Beyoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooond
I'll never watch anything from Disney again
Meh
Alicia that's what the subtitles say the girls name at the end is interesting unless that's wrong.
1:27 To infinity and…beyond, indeed! *SUMMER 2022, IT’S TIME TO GO TO SPAAAACE!!!!*
I feel like Interstellar music would fit in well with this movie
Next we're gonna need a solo Sheriff Woody movie.
The five-year-old myself says, thank you.
I bet this movie will be worth it once it comes out next year! Also, Is it a follow-up from toy story 4?
Only if it has zurg
Since the girl did not become a toy while she looks to be the heroe's main sidekick, is it a spoiler about her death?
My dreeeeaaaaaaam movie 😭😭😍😍
cant wait to see the "i am your father" from zurg
People are actually delusional at this point. The whole point of Buzz Lightyear’s “past” is that it is fake and what makes Buzz so self-important at first. Pixar sold out
Dear god!
I was not expecting this 😳
Unfortunate that they couldn't get Tim Allen to reprise his role as Buzz.... Knowing Chris Evan is voicing him... I'll call him "Capbuzz Amlightyearica".
this trailer goes hard, feel free to screenshot
1:27 *MY FOOT*
ワクワクが止まらん…！！
I didn't know that I need this until I watch the trailer
I love Buzz Lightyear
“ITS THE REAL BUZZ LIGHTYEAR”
Potential Zerg backstory?
wow its amazing watch a toy whit a history of  a real person xdddd
Blahhh Wahmen at NASA
Buzz: hmmm to be human again. Woody: *potentially flashing to his wild-wild-West days*
Toy Story: First Contact
To the infinity and beyond...
Woah, didn't even know this was in production. The trailer ist absolutely amazing and beautiful.
The fact they don’t have zurg is all bad
CONGRATULATIONS YOU ARE #1 TRENDING
So happy buzz is gonna get his own movie
Always same characters but different! Disney is life!
Guys. Pixar is literally trying to create Buzz for this film.      😁
oh yes
Hol up where is zurg
Awesome
Films gonna climax with a fight between Lightyear and Zerg. Buzz wins after he's backed up by his POC sidekick, and proceeds back to earth where he's hailed a hero and gets a toy line.
Can someone create a 4k wallpaper of the opening shot of space command!
Cool that this movie would exist within the Toy Story universe. Basically the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command show but it’s a movie.
Just me waiting for the glow-up memes
This movie won’t be complete without Mrs. Nesbitt!
¡OMG!, ¡This will be epic!
Finally buzz is real
Loving the look of this backstory origan movie for Buzz Lightyear.
Love that buzz is afraid of a cat
To infinity And...dyyyyy!! please come here
It’s genuinely uncanny to see a non-toy Buzz Lightyear.
I NEED TO SEE ZURG
YOOOOOOOOOOOO
Buzz hair reveal is the only thing I care about from this trailer
to infinity and what???
Rtx on
His face an his hands we finally see him without the suit. This movie looks so good.
Imagine if Disney still makes action figures based off of him to make him look more like Buzz from this movie
Just stop.
To infinity and.... Assemble
Sheriff Woody in this 'Toy Story' spinoff, out June 18 2024.
Where's that bonding strip?
I mean....it looks amazing...but why?  This is apparently meant to be an in-universe origin story of the character Buzz is based on or something. However, if the movie doesn't end with Bonnie and her parents watching this in a theatre as Bonnie holds a smiling Buzz doll...then I'm not interested.  EDIT: Nah, actually I'll probably still watch it...
pls cancel this 🙂
Y’all saw that black women Light year 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Why not Tim Allen? He IS Buzz. How obvious is the absence of his voice in this preview?
Zerg better be the villain
This is already better than the last 3 Star Wars films
Im hoping to see some of those little green aliens from Toy Story, since they are in the same universe as Buzz right? 😂
Bus lightner
I Hope It’s Rated G Not Rated PG
I really hope they do a Woody origin story like this. I love Buzz but Woody was always my favorite and to see a Woody movie made like this would be awesome. Then maybe a final one where they meet up somehow?
My brain is like " hey hey where is Woody?"
Ok so the buzz toy is based off a kids show that's based off a real guy? (in canon) Am I getting that right? Or is this the show the toy is based off? Either way, I'm all in, this looks amazing!
Buzz light year
This is like Planet of the Apes meets Interstellar with Buzz Lightyear. I cannot wait.
Ok that's my favorite David Bowie song, so bonus points.
buzzed lightyear
See now I wanna see an animated western movie with Chris Pratt as Woody
Love the song used in this trailer!
Is  that you Joe Rogan 😱😱😱😱
oh boy i cant wait for light year 😃
njir David Bowie starman
Bed bath anddddddd……
The best thing about this is seeing Buzz's actual hair.
omg. thank you for the ultra-wide sweetness. did I see Big Hero 6, Star Wars and Wall-e references?
Buzz lightyear was always and will always be  my favorite toy story character and can’t wait all the references too.
Why isn’t Tim Allen the voice of Buzz?
Who wanted this? I guess kids who really like Buzz lightyear?...I mean, I love Toy Story, all the movies even, but like...why this? imo this looks really boring, like who is this for? starwars fans I guess. I don't understand the appeal of sci Fi and space. Oh well.
I’m super excited for this movie tho I still wish buzz was voiced by Tim it will always feel wrong without him imo lol
And the whole thing ends with Andy having to go to bed lol
I've seen this film already!
Chris Evans = Buzz Robert Downey Jr = Woody Woody Harrelson = Slinky Dog Chris Hemsworth = Rex Mark Ruffalo = Hamm  Samuel L Jackson = Mr Potato Head  Jeremy Renner = Sergeant  Gwyneth Paltrow = Bo Peep Elizabeth Olsen = Jessie  Paul Rudd = Aliens  Tom Holland = Andy  Aaron Taylor Johnson = Sid   And yes I made an entire list of Marvel Actors who could play Toy Story characters
Guess we know who's winning the Oscar for best animated film in 2023
Lemme finish last line guys  *cough cough* Beyond...
I'M SO HYPED! This looks amazing!
Now I want a Western Cowboy movie about Woody
This doesnt look like star command.
Cant wait to see Emperor Zurg.
Everyone who is or ever was a child: Finally!
Best toy’s story character
00:34 Look at the Pixar lamp constellation!!
We want Tim Allen. We want Tim Allen.
This is gonna be SICK!
This Is Gonna Be Epic!
✌
1:27  Ima say the voice of Alicia is Kiersey Clemons
This looks cool, but you have to admit Andy never watched this cartoon in the 90's.
this is so weird and yet so beautiful...
This better be good by god it better be good
This trailer and movie have no business looking this good. XP
So Captain America was on the moon...
This trailer goes hard, feel free to screenshot
This looks really good I'm very hopeful for this film.
2011: Chris Evans was born to play Captain America 2022: Chris Evans was born to play Buzz Lightyear
To infinity and beyond
❤❤❤❤🤩
This looks too high-tech to be in the Toy Story Universe....
What happened to all the blue aliens from the cartoon?
Can’t wait until they do one for Woody
So the whoel time buzz lightyear does think he was the space ranger the whole time? Well that makes sense
Let it die
This is going to be great fun especially for the kids who grew up seeing the toy story  movies.
Looks boring
Imagine if woody showed up at the end meeting buzz
This is canon to Kingdom Hearts
Anyone waiting for Zorg?
The real Star Wars movie.
I have one question, where is zurg
Im calling it: At the End of the Movie we see Andy walk out of the Cinema after watching this with his Mom and begging to get a Lightyear Toy
It would be really cool in the future to have a movie just for Woody in the same style as the Buzz movie.
I dig it.
Kinda dissapointed that Tim Allen ain't voicing him... since he was the OG buzz voice
That ain't a toy
😱
🚀｡･:*:･ﾟ’☆
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR RETURNS
wow, that's a fantastic trailer. I can't wait to watch that adventure!
Can't wait for Woody's western movie.
Now I want to see Buzz Lightyear wearing a Captain America spacesuit.
So what if Buzz Lightyear was an actual real person in the Toy Story Universe? Maybe what we have seen is the just toy version of Buzz Lightyear in "real life" scenarios. We are getting a movie about the "Real" Buzz Lightyear and what he had to accomplish to become a heroic figure.
We FINALLY get to see the origins of the space ranger himself… and Pixar is going ALL OUT.
I kinda feel bad for Buzz losing his imaginary family and discovered he was just a toy
This looks so gorgeous  to the infinity  and beyond
Using StarMan on space movies is so cliche but for me, Toy story and Bowie are two big nostalgic things, it feels right ❤
realistic buzz cant harm you he isn't real Realistic buzz:
Pixar should have developed Woody's Round Up
Rocketman so much so elton john would be proud. We love you to infinity and beyond Buzz Lightyear. Say hi to Andy from us when you see him at the end of the movie.
Is disney just flexing it animation skills now?
Wow! White man main hero! And it seems, not a representative of fabulous orientations. I am surprised.
I thought the aliens were little green dudes with three eyes and antenni
Hey look! It's AngryCops!
i really hope we meet mrs. nesbitt
I would like to quote the good toy Woody and remind Buzz "You're a toy, a child's play thing". What is this movie with made up buzz origins
Disney: We really outdid ourselves with this one Sony: Releases the second Spiderman: No Way Home trailer Disney: Looks like everything is coming up mickey!
Star Wars Episode X is looking great
I want Pixar to make a Battle of the Planets movie.
If three-year old me could see this he would’ve been going crazy after seeing this trailer. Buzz Lightyear was my favorite Pixar character and still is to this day. I’m definitely seeing this.
Takes back when kids used to watch "Buzz Lightyear: Star Commander" show on Disney Saturday Morning and now this spinoff version looks cool.
"To infinity..."  "AND...."  Hey, no fair. You can't do that.
I love this but i would've assumed they'd do a Woody movie first.
Why is no one talking about how beautiful the trailer song is ? Best fitting for a hero .
I'm certainly glad they're doing this INSTEAD of another Toy Story film. I'm guessing this is gonna be seperate from the old Buzz spinoff series from a while ago.
Not sure what to think. We already have Buzz Lightyear of Star Command as the in-universe cartoon that introduced Buzz to that world and was then made an action figure of. Replacing it with this movie sounds like an unnecessary ret-con. If Pixar manages to make a way for both the movie and the cartoon to exist in the same world in a way that makes sense, I'll be on board with it.  There are many cartoons in this world that have very little connections with the movie they were inspired in. Mask comes to mind. I'd be okay with the notion that this movie came out first, and then came a cartoon slightly based on it, and then a toyline was made.
There's a starman waiting in the sky and buzz lightyear is late delivering the pie!! 🚀🚀🕺🕺
Not bad, never thought captain America would replace Tim
The Halo movie looks kinda different.
goosebumps
I hope he fights zerd in this movie
…BEYOND
Suspicions, I have a theory that there are multiple rockets in the film, one has four engine exhausts, the other has only two. I think the white board shows that there is a change in star command and that Buzz is watching it grow and expand over years within a short span of time.
Not gonna lie looks kinda fire
Andy is definitely in the theatre watching this movie, while holding Woody (remember Woody said "you don't really think you're THE Buzz Lightyear do you?")
Бесконечность не предел!
Omg im crying
0:05 Not even ten seconds in and they try to plant Joe Biden into this trailer.
Now where's Zurg?
Hopefully they don’t release a trailer that ruins the entire movie plot and all
i thougt it was a fan trailer
How am I getting emotional ?!??!!
This...looks amazing..I was actually expecting something like the buzzlightyear show from the toy story universe where he fights that villan( can't remember his name)....but this....this is much better
Toy story multiverse coming :3
This looks pretty fun actually , I'm gonna be excited for this
If Emperor Zurg isn’t in this, I’m throwing everything I bought at concessions at the theater screen.
I'm not crying! You're crying!
why is every other character other than buzz light year black?
This looks amazing! I think I’ve never been this excited for an animated movie 🚀💫☄️
I think Pixar is still trying to make us cries again...
yes please
OMG
i just got goosebumps......wasn't expecting that since I'm 45......nostalgia perhaps from spending thousands on his toys n friends over the years, for my son of course!
“You are a toy! You aren’t the real Buzz Lightyear. You’re an action figure. You are a child’s plaything!”
I don't know why I imagined it being Buzz the toy was based of a real life astronaut in the Toy Story world, which would have been wild
wow
i always tought he was bald
I think this film is going to rock our world.     I muted the music - they really are doing something different in this next Pixar feature.
My childhood.
Everything was so good up until like the last 2 seconds...
Love the more serious and amazing art style and Wall-E vibes!!!  This looks amazing and I just know it’ll be great! Something we didn’t know we’ve been waiting for  Looks like a game engine
we better see a wall-e refrence
Buzz Lighyear: To infinity and... Fans: How come you left us hanging? Also Chris Evans: You didn't finish
No Tim Allen 😢👎#not my Buzz
OMG THIS BRINGS OUT A LOT OF MEMORIES
Can’t wait to find all the references to other films-
*For the Brotherhood!*
Hype × 100
"Бесконечность не предел"..................
Can we just appreciate how incredible the graphics are? It looks ridiculously good
this looks stunning, like seeing the trailer for the first toy story, the joy and wonder <3
Loved Toy Story ever since I was a child and this is absolutely delightful to see.
okay but where is my Woody's round up spin off about Woody's original
Is it just me or does buzz look like Tom Cruise
Wow!!!!!!!
That’s Buzz? all right now I’m really excited!!
I like that it doesn't take a genius to know that the robot with the whiteboard was explaining time relativity. 1:07
Didn't know I needed this!
I'm excited to see Zurg
Buzz's chin is bigger than the state of Texas omg
Its like buzzlight year toy story
Obrigado pixar, vocês são os melhores animadores!
Yooooooo what 😀😀😀😀😀
To Infinity... And A Good Looking Reboot.
This film better have the following as it's ending...   Buzz: And there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere.  Woody: Hello?  Buzz: *Defends himself*  Woody: *Screams*  *ROLL CREDITS*
We need come walle crossover with this also that would be cool
🇴 🇲 🇬    🇾 🇪 🇸 I'm so excited for this movie!!!
Someone is gonna do a glow up edit with this
Literally crying. Waited more than 20 years for this. Thank you Pixar.
Plot twist : This movie is just Andy and Bonnie's imagination and dream.
Starman is the perfect song for this
I feel like this is gonna be super sad because it’s giving background into what Buzz thought he was before he was a toy. It looks like he has friends and people he cares about, just for him to wake up in Andy’s room and figure out none of those people or experiences were real.
YOU ARE A CHILD'S PLAYTHING!
Now all we need is Woody's movie
The new suit has me imagining buzz slaughtering cacodemons for some reason.
Should have been Tim Allen
I’m hoping the score for the film sounds just like this trailer. Super grand and suspenseful, yet relieving and bold.
hi
welcome back Pixar
Tim Allen was not available for comments.
That space guy looks like from toy story lol
It took me the entire trailer to realize this was about buzz light year my bad
sox.
Why doom guy look like that
This looks increíble, the animation is insane and we finally get an original idea instead of the copy paste we've been getting lately, thank you Pixar you've finally given me something to look forward to
If there making a movie about buzz lightyear, then won’t they ever make a movie about woody?
It would be cool if  a cowboy toy appear in the movie.
...Assemble!
hair!!! Did I see HAIR
Interesting 😍
ngl i didn't see yhis coming, and i'm still excited for it
What's the song's name ?
I'm not crying, you are.
To infinity and summer 2022
The fact that buzz woke up as a toy after going through an entire life of achievement is pretty depressing.
It’s like we’re finally getting a peak of what infinity and beyond looks like
imagine if at the end of the movie, we just see a giant hand come out of the sky and grab one of the characters and it's then revealed that all of this was just an older bonny playing with her toys.
WE
Me and my son can’t wait for this to come out!
Our favourite childhood movie + David Bowie, + Our most lovable Capsicle. What more can you even ask for.....
I liked this way more than I thought I would.
Awesome video 😎
but tim allen though....  D':
:O   This is The ABSOLUTELY STUNNING Thing ive ever seen. Realism-like Textures. Accurate Visuals. EARTH-SHATTERING MASTERPIECE!   I Mean, this is going to be the Masterpiece of 2022. there's no "Disappoinment" in "Pixar". really.  Gotta see it when i get the chance.
5 hours ago. They do be putting out a new one every 4 months for some reason tho.
Wasn't there already a Buzz lightyear movie? Seems like I gotta rewatch that, can't wait for this one.
I don't understand how Pixar keeps making their movies look BETTER than before. Legit, I thought some of the scenes in Soul were just straight-up real and here they are somehow outdoing themselves
Did anyone noticed in 0:03 that Buzz has O+ blood type?
uwu
Idk why but I low-key want buzz to join avengers
this excites me
Please give Woody his own show
This looks amazing, visuals are so eye popping.
Origins of Mr. Potato head growing up on a farm in Idaho
Oh my god yes
Y aquí estoy con 32 años, sintiendo ñañaras, con la piel de gallina y casi con una lagrimita al final.
Esto es lo mejor del mundo, espero su estreno con ansias, sera muy lindo ver a nuestro héroe espacial de juguete favorito en una película individual, Grande Pixar.
reminds me of Interstellar
See you space cowboy
The trailer broke me.
This looks so good it makes reality look like garbage by comparison
Wow, Disney really stole from Star Wars on this one
*WhErE iS wOoDY* ??
This actually seems interesting. I wonder if we’ll see Zurg.
Is it wrong that I'd actually watch this??
Why this I always imagine buzz blonde even though he is brunette?!idk but I’m crying. Bye
Disney Movie "Lightyear" vs Netflix  "HELLBOUND" on 19 NOV.
Far faraway from toy story 😜
Meh.. Looks. boring..
What if the movie is about the events of a Buzz Lightyear toy coming to realize the reality that everything they see isn’t real and is only a hyper realistic perception of being played with by a child, leading to the decision for Buzz to accept the truth that he is just a toy or continue to live out his fantasy
are they gonna use ideas from that old star command Disney Channel show
You had my curiosity now you have my attention
1:17 Is Buzz Lightyear facing off against the Principality of Zeon in this movie?
It’s official  WERE HAVING A BUZZ LIGHTYEAR MOVIE
OH MY GOD DISNEY FINALLY PUT EFFORT INTO A FILM LETS GOOO
But where is Booster, Mira, and XR?
That first shot made me think it was a live action film!
Marvel: MCU DC: DCEU Disney: Toy Story U
...beyond!
I don’t want Chris Evans, I want Tim Allen gosh dang it
Well done Pixar and Disney I didn't think the Toy Story could have been continued without it seeming completely milked dry. You always amaze me with how many Ideas you seem to have for it.
Plot twist: A xenomorph will pop out of Buzz's chest at the end of the movie!
AHHAHAHHAHAHA
Does this mean RC is gonna be in Cars 4?
Even way back in the day when Buzz Lightyear started out, they used crystallic fusion to undergo these major operations in space. We will never be able to accomplish these feats if we continue to use fossil fuels! Crystallic fusion is the future! Even AA is better! Wake up, people!
The trailer definitely looks promising. Hopefully the movie is at least just as good
I’m…not sure how to feel about this. On one hand, the animation is absolutely stellar, character designs are mostly well done, and, yeah, there is some potential here. On the other hand, taking what was essentially a parody of sci-fi Saturday morning cartoons and morphing it into this more down-to-earth(-ish?), dramatic space thriller feels a bit off-putting. It feels especially weird when I look at Buzz’s iconic exaggerated head design being paired with this more realistic body shape and the frankly crummy looking Lightyear suit. Also, despite the filmmakers’ best efforts, the whole “Disney nostalgia baiting” shtick that has been permeating this company for the past decade still rubs me the wrong way.
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes!!!!!!!!!
So is a movie in the Toy Story world? Or is the Toy Story universe this advanced?
My favorite character from childhood.
1:08 “Buzz Lightyear mission log, stardate 4-0-7-2. My ship has run off course en route to sector 12. The impact must’ve awoken me from hyper sleep.” Buzz #Lightyear, 1995
The story we didn’t deserve but needed !
This looks so good to bad it retcons the cartoon series but if it’s as good as it looks I will take it.
💖
Woody : "You are a toy" Buzz: "Really?"
So when do the heartless show up
THIS IS GONNA BE ONE OF THE BEST PIXAR MOVIES. I was right.
Wack
Now a woody movie
NOT TOY story
This better be theaters only.
0:13 “Do you people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered Crystallic fusion?” Buzz #Lightyear, 1995
Oh man I can't wait for woody to show up in this movie!
Chris Evans is cool and all but Buzz should be voiced by Mark Meer...
So buzz is going to slingshot around the sun to go back in time and warn people about tentacle monsters?
Everyone I’m pretty sure this is the human “buzz light year” that the toy buzz lightyear was based off of
GUYS IM ACTUALLY TEARING UP I JUST HAD SO MUCH NOSTALGIA RUSH THROUGH ME
So anyone wanna take a guess as to how is Pixar gonna make us cry this time?
Spoiler... It's all a dream
Buzz was my favourite character, this is like a childhood dream come true!
Incredible workkkk
To infinity and summer 2022!
The Zurg Hornets are rocking the rocking the Zaku mobile suit look
Man imagine if at the end of the movie theres a plot twist that this whole thing was in a child's imagination while playing with the buzz lightyear figurine...
*Beyond*
Not enough Caucasian characters I see
watching a movie about a movie in 2022
I wonder if Andy and Bonnie's imagination is played like this.
o m g
Chris Evans: And?
Can’t wait!😍
...yeah, okay, I'm sold. We didn't necessarily *need* this 5th Toy Story movie, much like the 4th wasn't really necessary, but if there's one company that can do sequels, it's Pixar. (...for the most part.)
All we need now is a movie/show about the TV show in Bolt and my life will be complete
Those 1.6k that disliked need a hug or somethin
ok but will Zurg be in it too?
Now I'm waiting for a Western with Woody as a protagonist!  I need to know if he reaches Jessie trapped with the dynamite!
Although Chris Evans is voicing Buzz Lightyear in this I bet $1 Million Tim Allen is very very proud of this film.
We better see an actual pizza planet.
I feel so LUCKY
This is gonna be epic
0:57 a nod to dagobah?
SOOOOMMEWHERE WAITING IN THE SKY
Wow 🌟 Toy story lives on
I’m am HYPED to see Zurg in this movie
What's next? A western with real life Woody?
Once this film hits theaters and Disney Plus, children will only want to play with SPACE toys...
Buzz Origin.
how the toy story gets into that, how andy gets into that, the Disney got lost in the parallel universes of the avengers.
THIS WILL BE EXCELLENT PIXAR CAN DO NO WRONG
Oh.... my childhood.
Buzz do be looking sus though
Can't wait!
While everyone else enjoys trailer. My brain the whole time constantly shouting out reasons why the movie can't be cannon to the same world the ToyStory movies happened in. 🤷
I wish they cast Tim Allen
Rated R
A lot of Star Wars stuff in here I see
Woody: BUZZ, LOOK, A REAL SPACEMAN!!! Buzz: Where!!?  0:26
I really hope that this isn't a prank again
live action movie and rooney as buzz??
And yet still no Star Command on Disney +.
Tim Allen should be in this movie.
"Origin story of a toy" seems kind of strange, I think I would be more excited for an actual original story. I'm sure I will still enjoy this though.
Ik this is random but can we just appreciate that the black girl has an afro centric hairstyle. Those little details matter ✨.
OoOoOoO
Only PIXAR could make a world that looks soo realistic yet animated at the same time!
YAY
God Bless who ever design that space craft, it looks awesome!!
BTW, the 🐈 name is "Sox" and the girl name is Alicia
j'suis saucé
IT FINALLY CAME!!!
holy moley a whole world full of delusional toys
Now I want to play no man's Sky. Wonderful trailer, thank you, Pixar!
That arrangement of Starman tho 🤯
Wait what why is it not Tim Allen?
Yeah, the song choice was not good at all. It does not fit Buzz Lightyear's world.
This looks extremely disappointing, its just not a toys story anymore, it's completely animated and takes the magic out of it, my opinion yours could be different though 🤷‍♂️
I’ve been waiting for a movie .. for so long, I use to watch the show! I’m overly excited for this!
We better be getting a woodys round up gang movie next.
...I'm hyped. No one judge.
Oh no no... no no no no no no no....
Only Pixar can give us stuff we didn't ask for but accept gladly
I saw the title and had goosebumps. So exited for the movie
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!
where without a black character...
The one thing that surprised me was that I finally saw what Buzz's hair look like without the suit.
Can we not? Toy story was my favourite film was when I was younger and enjoyed each one after. The film series came to a conclusion. Leave it be.
.... it's good, but...  Its just not the same without Tim Allen.
1:20 halo reach?
"To infinity" "And..."  "Assemble"
Lady: To infinity  Buzz: and..... assemble  *Thor screams*
0:22 if you look at her shirt, it says her last name is Hawthorne
I have wanted this since I was like 4.
I this is awesome 👌 can't wait for it to come out, but I'm confused at how this is what inspired the Buzz Lightyear toy because this clearly takes place in the med 21st to 22nd century. What is time travel involved?
This looks epic!
Литвин , сними с Бустером кто дальше отдалиться от Москвы на великах ! Залайкайте чтобы Миша заметил !
Now thays what im talking bout...
It's beauteful!
No Tim Allen? Figures
baby brent glow up ???
To Infinity and Beyond! See you in Theaters Chris Evans 🤗
Looks amazing hope it’s does the trailer justice
So is zurg the main villain?
If it ain't Tim Allen, it ain't Buzz Lightyear.
All I see is Captain America
OK Pixar you've got me there
Wow this kingdom hearts 3 dlc looks awesome
Taking black tokenism to infinity and beyond
oh I am watching this!!!!!!
Nenhum de nós - O Astronauta de Mármore.
Looks like all those years of academy training weren’t wasted after all!!
Cant wait to see this movie
I am not a fan of Toy Story, but this looks awesome.
I kinda thought they were going to use Rocketman, but Starman is awesome
i need the soundtrack to this film!!!
Would be pretty cool if he did a time travel thing and met the in universe^2 version of woody
Plot twist : Buzz doesnt know theres nothing after infinity and beyond so now he is trapped in space
THIS IS A SURPRISE I LOVE IT??!!!
Wait I got a theory what if buzz lightyear was actually a real human from a different dimension but a loop error accord with one of the rings and he got sent off in a different dimension as a toy. This might be why he thought he was real. When he was looping the sun at lightspeed, that might be why it's called "lightyear".  any thoughts?
My childhood is complete
💜💜
OMG???!!!! 😭😭😭😭 MY CHILDHOOD
🐍👢
Pretty sure everyone teared up a little watching this
Song name?
WOAH
1:07 Even robot cats always land on their feet.
BRO this is EXACTLY like star wars. The ship design, the environment (especially that green forest which was a reference to luke meeting yoda)
Starman…
“Once the astronauts went up, children only wanted to play with space toys.”  -Stinky Pete
With that big of a chin, Buzz lookin like he could turn into Thanos
Awesome
Imagine the movie ending with Andy watching this movie🤩😂
What about the woody movie? When I saw the first toy 20 years ago that is what I wanted. Buzz already got a multi season cartoon back in the day it was Woody's time. But keep playing to the buzz crowd cause of his lasers. Us now adults want to see the woody movie and be blown away by it and tell the kids they "they tried to sideline his character from the start but couldn't. Now after decades the western the world wants to see is here." When can I tell my kids that?
If Warp darkmatter is not at the end of this movie I'm going to be upset
To infinity and beyond!
How are you gonna start a legacy with Tim Allen and not finish it but replace him with Chris evens? The voice of Buzz Lightyear belongs to Tim, not Chris!
its in a way kinda cursed, but i love it, hope the movies is way more awesome than the trailer was (even more)
Whoa!! This looks sooo good! I felt the same excitement I usually feel for MCU movies! 🤩🤩
The whole point of Buzz being a toy is that this fantasy world he lives in is not real. I think Disney is missing the entire point here
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
Who's gonna voice Zurg
Beyond...
I finally know what Buzz Lightyear's hair look like
I'm glad they added a black character. Otherwise I would have cried myself to sleep then complained about it on Twitter even though I have zero intentions of paying for this movie because I stream everything illegally.
will be following the old cartoon lore and canon?
I want to be excited for something but after the last few years, I just can't get there. I absolutely loved Toy Story as a kid; I was a toddler when it came out. But this just feels unnecessary and redundant... Not to mention the all-too-predictable Bowie song. David Bowie was a real artist and personally I don't enjoy his music being used to promote a kid's film; it's just schlocky to me. It would be like using a Pink Floyd song in the trailer for a Power Rangers movie. It just doesn't jive with me. Anyway, I'll probably get a lot of downvotes if anyone reads this. But seeing all the usual comments, I just felt like giving my 2 cents. Dissenting opinions are okay. Personally, I've been tired of Disney for years (and that goes for all the Marvel movies too).
Does anyone else think this looks like it would fit perfectly in the walle universe because the lighting makes it seem realy similar to me. I have been watch walle clips recently so maybe that's influencing me a bit.
Why does this exist
Woody watching trailer: wait, buzz is now human?
I already know who John Ratzenberger could play (if he's in the movie), Evil Dr. Porkchop! I don't believe they ever said if Andy made the character up....
Davie Bowie + Inception + Animation = Lightyear
The reflection in Buzz's helmet at 0.23 and the ignition at 0.28, that is just extraordinary animation.  And David Bowie, I mean, come on...
Always great to hear star man in a trailer
Аж прослезился 😭
EEEUUUUUGHHHHHHH?????????????????
I can’t wait to see it. I grew up with the Toy Story movies.
CHILLS !
Am hyped! 🤩🥳
Another buzz lightyear series is going to be better than before
"As far as I'm concerned, that's America's astronaut!" --Ant-Man
Buzz… 🥺
Great now all we need is a movie about minion from megamind
Woody western movie next
A masterpiece is coming!
And maybe next one will be a western with Woody, Jessie and Bullseye
Am I the only one jumping out of my chair?
Wasn’t expecting this! 😀
Anant se bhi aage
Had no idea buzz had hair😂😂
Was that encrypted door hiding zerg?
Reminds me of First Man.
Ok so this ones backward from the norm.... toy's movie comes out, then the toy, now the movie explaining the story for the toy comes out. Yeah totaly backward lol
Hyped
i kinda wanted to hear his voice....just kinda
I love it's
In a way, I was hoping it would be a live action 😅😔
ohhh i can smell the money
1:13 What Is That?
Definitely watching it, but David Bowie is rotisserie spinning in his grave (I know he was cremated). He had a chip on his shoulder about Disney 😬
Star Fox looks GOOD!
Woody: "HEY GUYS LOOK ITS THE REAL BUZZ LIGHT YEAR!!" Buzz: "exactly"
I just have one question? Where’s the evil emperor Zurg???
In a few years it would be impossible to tell the difference between real and computer generated movies.
2019 tf2 vibes
"Hey, guys, look! It's the real Buzz Lightyear!" "Exactly."
Finally, Pixar became *SO REALISTIC* that their humans have finally been made professionally well done.
Muito show algo difícil de acreditar que estar se tornando REAL (PIXAR VOCÊS SÃO DE MAIS!)
Pixar making an action film staring a white heroic male? This better make up for the Buzz character assassination in Toy Story 4. Also it's Disney so I'm expecting some woke to creep in.
Looks like Chris Evans is man out of time, again
Look who’s laughing now, woody
Hindi dub unofficial.. banane ka mann hai PIXAR... 🙏🙏🙏
( i'm now going to hope we will actually get to see zurg )
...beyond
Take my money
Screw Woody I want a slinky the dog movie
Oh right
So this is the movie that Buzz the toy is based on. Got it.
Please in the Brazillian cut put the version of "nenhum de nós" of this beautifull song!
Ello
Imagine the beginning of this movie being just like The Adventure Begins.
Is this the Buzzlight year movie that exists in the Toy Story universe and soon people will buy more Buzz toys than Woody and we will live in Toy Story???
Seeing Buzz's hair for the first time after 26 years of not 😮
“To infinity and [insert line here]”  I’m sure most of you know this by now, but this is a story about the human Buzz Lightyear that the toy was based on. Chris Evans was a great casting choice
"To infinity and summer 2022."   Must be Buzz's new catchphrase.
Oh, I will be seeing this! 👏👏👏🎬
Buzz Lightyear is that you?
The song gives me MARTIAN vibes
Buzz lightyear here you go!!!
So that's what Buzz look like out of his uniform? Wow!!!
I'm ready for the woody movie now based on the real life cowboy he's is based off of
No Tim Allen. No good
does anyone remember the old buzz lightyear tv show
🤩🤩 To Infinity and Beyond 🤩🤩
Buzz lightyear lore be like:
If Zurg is going to be the villain in this movie, the studio/producers better cast someone who would have him sound menacing and serious like Andrew Stanton did in toy story 2 and not someone like Wayne Knight who made him sound like a joke in Buzz Lightyear of star command
Vid goes hard, can I screen record?
Trash
Honestly this looks like someone had an idea for a cool space movie but some exec decided they need to put Toy Story in it somehow so they get extra revenue
1:18 Zurg?
DUDE this looks so good
Just no
This looks amazing
from Japan🇯🇵
*"To infinity"* *"And"*
To infinity and endgame
All kinds of yes. 🚀
Alright I gotta admit. Pixar may be milking the Toy Story franchise, but they seem to be doing it in the *best* way possible
Interesting...
We're running out of ideas, the movie
So he’s not a toy?
No wonder woody was jealous…
My theory on the plot (so yeah, I might be very wrong...):  So, Earth is suffering some sort of energy crisis, so they decide to use a strange alien crystal to extract energy from the Sun (as if it was some sort of catalyst, or even amplifier).   Buzz is chosen as the pilot to take the crystal there and he succeeds, only the resulting energy peak is so unexpectedly strong it sends a signal visible from *light years* away, calling the attention of a certain alien baddie with a "Z" on his name, who will then try to obtain said crystal for his own, nefarious purposes...  Edit: Oh, and of course, Buzz is gonna be such a chad about it that he's gonna be like "I technically brought them here, so it's only logical that I should fix this".  Edit 2: Who knows, he might not have to do it alone. Maybe that energy peak attracted some friendlier attention, which may plant the seeds of the Galactic Aliance.
Time to cry while watching kids movie
Plot twist he landed at the old west and meets woody
Now THIS is how you make a lot of money and entertain children.
The technology is surprisingly advance for this being a prequel to Toy Story xD
This is what Interstellar strove to be
Of course there's a black lead. OF COURSE.
This is like an in universe movie that Andy or Bonnie could've easily have seen, the concept is peculiar but I'm excited
tengo tanta, como poca fe para esta pelicula y mas si se trata de disney involucrado aqui
Looks cool but this looks like a parody that someone cut together with footage from other things. Weird choice of tone.
cant believe this is real......cant wait,,...
Im confused... is this the movie that originated the toy? So we are getting a movie for each character of toy story?
I missed you Chris!
Ugh WHY am I crying?! 😭😩
It would be awesome if at the end we get some type of Easter egg like it was really Andy playing with Buzz or even Tim Allen giving a line. Can’t wait for this.
To infinity and beyond 👊❤
AWESOME!!!!!!
Pixar while releasing the trailer:  “Let the children loose it!”  (David Bowie’s Starman was the cherry on the top)
Chris Evans my most favorite actor in the world 😍😍
THIS...IS...AMAZING!!!!
I M YOUR BIGGEST FAN I HAVE DREAMWD OF THIS MOMENT
Buzz you are a Toy! T O Y Toy!
Look at 0:52 and pause that scene and it will give you toy story Easter eggs
Let’s pretend this is about “the character” and not about Disney removing anyone who leans right politically.
I really wish Chris Evans would be the next Six Million Dollar Man. I think he would be perfect and a billion times better then Mark Walhberg.
i dont like hyper realistic  buzzlightyear
WOW A NEW TOY STORY!!!!! (How many toy story movies are there going to be?)
Post Credit : Buzz travels through a black hole, ends up in the Wild West with Woody.
…..beyond.
POV: you just really love that bowie song and wanted an excuse to use it in a trailer so you made an entire movie
Buzz voiceactors all across the world: "Yeeesh, monnies!"
I Love Clip 👩‍🚀
I thought it was a movie about buzz aldrin.but it seems to be about in universe buzz lightyear.
To Infinity! And.. I can do this all day ! 🍻
So I'm guessing that Tim Allen isn't involved here because it's an origin story?
I am fully expecting a Tim Allen voice cameo
Think we'll  ever get a Woodie movie. Side note that means two things XD
So weird to see Buzz as an actual human instead of a toy of a human(?), anyways, the visuals look incredible!!
Would be cool if they were to make a western of sorts for woody now that would be dope 🤔 can't wait for this tho so hyped actually
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💖💖💖💓💖💓💖
why is a toy shown as a human, this eliminates the whole purpose of the toy story series, still exited to see this movie though
Ok I’m super stoked for this. It looks fantastic!
and for next, please woody
we started with a toy btw
Is this a back story?!
WHY WOULD THEY HAVE ANY OTHER VOICE THAN TIM ALLEN?????!!!!!!!
maybe andy is from this universe, maybe we can find him watching this movie on theater
Awesome
thx for making this movie #cryhappy
Lets goooooo
I just pray its good
I was just watching the buzz lightyear cartoon recently  wishing Disney would make more. This is a godsend
My excited screaming was internal until I saw the suit. it is 5 am.
theory time: what if these are the humans from wall-e who left earth and the humans that we saw on the axiom were cut off from the rest?
This is absolutely amazing. Childhood dream come true.
Should have kept buzz as he was… :’ (
I swear to God if we don't get a Woody's Roundup movie after this I'm going to be terribly disappointed
He looks like a young Mr incredible lol (also I expected him to be bald lol)
I was here
The song "Starman" by David Bowie, is incredible, it is perfectly balanced for the character.
buzz lightyear's origin it's so futuristic compared to woody's origin which is a puppet show
holy *&^% that looks AMAZING! <3
Today, Zerg
Woody Better get movie of his own
Pleasantly surprised by this trailer. Loved it!
Te quiero mucho Pixar
<3
Evil Emperor Zerg better be in this
Omaigat esto va a ser épico papis
Ok we all know at the end it’s just gonna be some kid telling an elaborate story with his buzz light-year toy right?
Buzz is back👍
I really didn't expect this movie to look this good. You have my interest once again, Pixar!
Belive IS A BEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR AND PIXAR!!!!
They should make a movie where Buzz Lightyear is a toy, I think it would be a big hit
Wow.
I wish they would also make a spin-off of Cowboy Woody from Toy Story, I bet it would be a great Western Animated movie.
Thanks, I hate it
Once again, Chris Evans is blue-balling us with his lines.
omg this is awesome
So if disney is making movies based on the characters the toy story characters are based on. I can expect Woody to be next.
This is a great idea for a movie and I’m excited for its release. I smell another spinoff movie in future about Woody. 🙂
“I’m vengeance” “to infinity an”. Can’t wait for 2022
looks amazing
It Buzz is gonna have his own movie then I want one for woody
No one is mentioning that Buzz has HAIR!?!?
this is beautiful
To Infinity and….
Beyond
Finally My boy, Buzz lightyear gets his recognization
0:50 he’s on Geonosis
I would also like a woody series (of being an actual cowboy) as well please.
More and more years, pixar gonna make movie where woody is a realistic cowboy that living in the wild west
If it's not Tim Allen, then I'm not watching it.
I miss the buzz buzz lightyear cartoons lol this is awesome
YES!
first The martian and now this ❤️❤️❤️
Is that Captain Marvel's Goose?
zurg better be in this movie
No Tim Allen? Hmm
Finally, some sci-fi.
This is like a full out trailer. They skipped the teaser which is awesome!
This looks great! I hope Emperor Zurg is in this.
i like the idea that this movie exists in the toy story universe, hence the toy.
Tears of Joy.. I Have 🥲
This teaser goes hard. Feel free to screenshot.
Looks amazing.
Yes the Toy Story Extended Cinematic Universe .tm. I am excited and enthused about consuming this new product!
I'm actually tearing up dude.. I'm so happy for this. My childhood duuuude..
To Infinity and Chris Lightyear
This is amazing. I can't wait!!
This is cringeworthy.  Serious Vietnam movie for the plastic green soldiers next.
1:18 it has zakus!
Can't wait!! I wonder if Woody will get his own origin story as well...
Song? Please
Does this mean we will get a cowboy Pixar movie for Woody??
Why isn't Tim Allen voicing Buzz Lightyear?
90s kid approved
Dune?
Toy Story Cinematic Universe
Nice trailer thank you pixar.
gutted they are ruining buzz lightyear
How can they not have Tim Allen voice him?!
WE
Next movie Woody origins with a western!
And Beyond
this better not be a let down
And thus Buzz Lightyear was born  Edit: I WAS JUST WRITING THIS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE VID DIDN'T EXPECT THIS SURPRISE AT THE END AT ALL
Cashgrab
Now they need an animated western for Woody
I'm so hyped for the summer😆
Remember Woody is the same guy who called him a Toy
so that's where woody comes from
This makes zero sense how can it be a origin story for a toy... OK people saying it's the origin story for the mam the toy is based off. OK how if its set in the future and toy story is set in the 90s?.
This pic goes so hard 😳😳. Feel free to screenshot
I want to see Woody in a serious western now.
This makes it feel like star wars , the animations are dope
Produced by Galyn WHAT??
Looks amazing I'm still sad that it's not Tim Allen tho
crying
All these celebrities trying to go to space
Everyone: Whoa cool backstory! Me here who realizes that Buzz's hair isn't purple
Why is it so crisp? The graphics are insane.
So... this is the show that the children in the Toy Story universe watch
TOOO INFINITY AND......
im 18 years old now and i still want to watch this amazing work. wow
Chris evans is great but no one can replace tim Allen as Buzz. He will remain in my heart's as Buzz Lightyear
How come they changed the voice?
I'm so proud of all of you who worked on this one!! I'm also looking forward to this movie❤❤❤
So is there metajoke of this being like Robocop and those other 80s movies with animation and kids toys? :p Aka "original" movie was much more serious than what you'd think of the spin off animation show and amount of toys
Awesome!
To infiity and beyond
I have dreamt of this!
Imagine Pixar making a Toy Story Universe! Where each Toy Story character has a origin story like this Light Year movie… They can interconnect them like the MCU…
I was the biggest skeptic, but here I am genuinely excited.
Cring
waiting for the good the bad and the Woody.
This looks really good!!
I'm 38 years old why am I excited about this
they kinda remind me gary and quinn...
Disney is a prime example of a cash grabbing machine
I can't help but smile :D
This is going to be amazing
Woody has underestimated Buzz Lightyear!
Cuando la serie de Star command recibe un gran presupuesto.  La neta espero que está película si salga, el hype esta muy elevado :D
I was skeptical at first but this actually looks good. And music is on point!  Idk why they couldn't use Tim Allen for the voice tho
Thanks pixar!
Pixar can't into 4k trailers?
WOW😮😮😮
I better see some three eyed green guys
Is this toy story 5?
It's too bad we already know the twist that Zurg is his father.
Credit scene better show Young Andy and his mom coming out of the theater.
Я шарлатан!!!!!(с) Базз Конфетик😂😂😂😜😜
Hoping for a western with woody after this.
Pixar literally blows my mind in their trailers by how good the animation looks.
epico
Daddy Lightyear.  Buzz is Daddy.
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🎈
If I don't see the extremely petty side of Buzz from Toy Story 1 I'll be disappointed.  Also literally any character from Buzz Lightyear of Star Command
Is it a movie or show
Actually that's kind of cool
Is it just me, or did that ship-in-a-swamp scene have major Dagobah vibes?
I want Tim Allen voicing in the movie, maybe Buzz's dad or something
I love how this genuinely looks like a cgi animation of a cheesy 2000s action movie like Pixar promised it'd be.
Who's the voice!? Tim Allen or Bust.
Huh, this could technically be canon to the Toy Story universe, as a movie as well
Mistake #1: no Tim Allen
*Where’s XR? Mira Nova? Booster? And Zurg?*
Omg yes, finally a new Star Wars movie that actually looks good
Animation looks incredible.
Buah, que buenos los graficos!!!! Calidad 4k!!!
Is Tom hanks gonna voice buzz lightyear?
2015: Avengers A… 2022: To infinity and…
This teaser goes hard. Feel free to screenshot.
This is all Amazon Jeff Bezos Propaganda, lol also where is Tim Allen?
What if he encounters a space COWBOY along the way?!
This Buzz Light Year is really different
Next we get “Sheriff” and it’s a Clint Eastwood like style film for Woody.
Minha infância voltando do zero em 3 2 1...
omg i can’t believe i’m seeing Buzz Lightyear with hair!
Wow this looks pretty good I hope Zerg is in this 2
A M O N G   U S
So... Is the Toy in respect of the Astronaut turned Space Commander? Or did the Toy inspire a future Galactic Space Justice and said Space Commander??
Can't wait to see how woke they made it! Looks like Buzz about to get shown up in his own movie. Deconstructing my childhood heroes has become a disney specialty
Please at least have some references to the Buzz Lightyear of Star Command TV series... I loved that show growing up, and having it be canon to the Toy Story series warm my heart!
Ooo I love space so I can't wait to watch.
So cool that they kept up with the details Crystallic fusion lol
Trailer: Buzz con pelo   Yo:     •            •    __________________
Oscars .. No. To Infinty and Beyond
No Tim Allen 0/10
Omg! The actual character the toy is based on! I'm there!
Delete this bro
👍👍👍 ... We are used to beautiful CGI in cartoons and movies since the Dinosaur (2000), but this looks truly amazing even for today's standards.
Can you put the original Buzz Lightyear movie and tv show on Disney plus?
Oh man growing up and seeing him get his own movie … tears of joy.
U r a toy  .........no iam not,no more  toy woody 🤣🤣🤣🤣 u stay with Andy iam gonna be a space ranger ..  To infinity and beyond
This is a dream come true I was always wondering as a kid how Buzz was looking at the world till he was convinced that he was a toy,
CAPTAIN AMERICA STEVE ROGERS YESSSSSSSSSS!
Woody?
oh boy can't believe this is real and this is like a birthday gift to me, thanks pixar
Meanwhile, woodie is in westworld
I am most excited to see the green aliens!!!
Hey disney come down to the coast we'll have a few laughs go to khatami Plaza see what John McClain's up to turn on Disney Plus what's the worst that could happen lol
This looks so sick!
I hope we get to see at least some cameos from the TV show's characters. Booster, Mira, XR... you know you wanna do it, Pixar
Budsz ligjute year from minions
Wow! This looks amazing! It's a huge step up from that movie they did several years ago about Star Command. I'm super excited to see it!
Looks like 2022 will be a very interesting year.
So....2024 Woody?
Eh. Its....ok i guess. Kinda boring tho 🤷‍♀️
Ok, looks cool, kinda confused on the timeline here. In the toy story films, it’s modern day technology. But the space travel equipment looks futuristic and such. Still excited to see it!
Buzz Lightyear commercial but it's 26 years later
What about real chucky What about Dojo Quest movie
Get Real
Next Movie: The Sheriff Woody
To Infinity and beyond
Wow un espin off de toy story
Tim Allen is Buzz Lightyear
HE GOT REAL
Over a million views in 4 hours? Safe to say we’ll also pay to see a Woody origin story too 😁
Of course every character has to be 👦🏿  Lame….
We get Buzz’s own movie after so many years, worth it
OMG😵
not to be pessimistic, but did anyone ask for this?
I love light
Now what about a real Ralph The Wrecker
Woody’s Roundup Reboot when?
Buzz Lightyear with hair is not an image I would've liked to see today ._.
Plot twist : this is Buzz Lightyear from Toy Story before being reincarnated as a toy
They need to have an end credits scene that shows the Toy Story crew just watched the whole thing on Disney+ and comment on how they got the voice wrong.
naaaaaaaaaaaaaah. now I can’t wait for this!!! So excited
My body is ready.
Looks awesome.
It’s the real buzz light year
Does this mean we’ll be getting an animated classic western titled “Woody” eventually?
I'm crying and I don't know why
Who else said *"Beyond"* at the ending?
What next a woody movie in the actual wild west
I screamed when I heard Starman by David Bowie 😱
Welldone Pixar. I hope your guys make the Woody character too.👍👍
People who said "beyond" 🍻
We won't ever forget you captain America
Woo-hoo! Something fun to look forward to.
On your left.
This movie looks awesome I hope we get the original Buzz Lightyear tv series on Disney Plus soon
Okay... but when are we getting a Woody puppet TV show.
Can't wait for Zurg
Loooooving <3 <3 <3 it !!
Can we have him land on planet 51
Well I guess Woody was wrong
now hey just needs to meet a space cowboy ...
Looks amazing! I'm curious to see how they might tie this into Toy Story 🙂
This has got to be one of the best trailers I’ve seen for Pixar. Couldn’t have had a better song choice. And even though nothing sad was occurring in the trailer, it still made me get a little emotional.
This is epic
HAIR
Can't wait for this! ❤
Waiting
YOU ARE NOT A TOY
anant se bhi aage!!  bring backs the childhood memory.☺️
This will end with Andy finishing playing with Buzz.
It's amazing to see finally the backstory of the character. When I watched Toy Story for the first time I though each toy had their own series.
Buzz have hair!!!!!!
this will be toy story graphics in 2014
“AVENGERS…..Assem—“
Looks nice
Next generation of Buzz Lightyeah.🤩🤩
After this is "THE COWBOY"
Come on why Tim Allen voice him???!!!
This film looks like it could be amazing, haven’t been this hyped since the third HTTYD movie
BEYOND! PIxar is just showing off now... This looks like a masterpiece.
Я думала, про Вуди спин-офф будет((
Any one els get top gun vibes from this
it would be great to see Zurg in the movie and the start of their rivalry
This looks great but I guess it means they aren't following the "of Star Command" route.
The song make me feel crying.😢😢
OMG !
*To infinity and beyond!*
It doesn’t give me the intergalactic space vibes, if anyone has seen the old animated movie you’ll know what I’m talking about
already a masterpiece!
Awesome, can't wait 🤩🤩🤩
Ok, this is a movie that I shouldn’t want… but it looks awesome. (I was a fan of Buzz Lightyear of Star Command when I was a kid)
The new halo game looks slick....
YOU. ARE. NO. LONGER. A. TOY.
really wish it was Tim Allen playing Buzz as he rightfully should, no matter what his political beliefs are
no Tim Allen? I'll pass
Atlast they are gonna say, Everything is a story of buzz and finish !
Maybe a spinoff Toy Story Cinematic Universe isn't a bad idea
I have a feeling this movie is going to be sad.
I'd go INSANE if SOMEHOW Buzz travels through the multiverse, crash lands in a desert,  wakes up and hears a "Howdy partner." in a Western accent.
Its like a dream come true❤️❤️❤️😘
Well done Pixar.
I've never smiled this much for a trailer! The music and animation is so amazing! ♥️♥️
1:20 Lightyear finds his doomguy-esque armor.
Ugh the chin
No Mamen, porque siempre tienen que poner una mujer negra, ya no se si es inclusión o porque ya nos acostumbramos a ver la inclusión hasta no saber que es y que no es
Ok but i really hope Zurg is the main villain here
It looks stunning!
Magic!
This looks incredible
I'm assuming it's intentional, but I see Spaceballs, Star Wars and Alien references here and I am LOVING it!  This looks amazing.
To Infinity and Beyond.....😭😭😭  "Why I am crying?"
Another trailer with a stupid remix of an old song just stop it
Amazing.
Buzz looks like he's ready to face the Covenant.
"And" what?!!?!? "Annnnnnnnd" what!??!!??! Man I hate cliffhangers :(
I guess we'll have to wait for Toy Story: Endgame to know what comes with "To Infinity"
Seeing the design of the spaceship makes me ask: "Shouldn't there be marionettes?"
Cant wait!
Ok this is a good idea. Like a really good idea. This movie better be good. The remix of Star Man is sending me. I seriously really hope this isn’t gonna be a subpar movie. Me n Pixar been on thin ice since Incredibles 2 so I have high hopes for this movie.
So am I to understand that all this technology existed some time BEFORE Toy Story 1?
This is really a good trailer!  0:56 is it the red guy from the cartoon series Booster Sinclair? Or they haven't form the team yet? 1:18 there sure a to hint about Zurg appearance. But that line up robot army looks like Zaku from Gundam series. Too much look alike.
This feels fake
Boy if Mira Nova pops ups in this film
Or could be the next Mass Effect game plot lol
To infinity and beyond!!
Ok I feel like a kid again.
Okay, but now can we get an actual Western starring Woody?
I've been waiting for this for over 20 years
WHERE are all the ALIENS!? these designs are SO BLAND
Lemme guess. After this were gonna have a Woody's round up movie, then where gonna have movies for the res of the toys. Then in the last movie they're gonna come together and try to stop Zurg from snapping his fingers and wipping half the universe.
Wow this is amazing, this gave me goosebumps. watched these movies while gowning up and it's pretty amazing to see stand alone Buzz movie. can't wait ❤❤
Pixar is king when it comes to 3D Animation.
Do you feel it?... The smell of Oscar 👩‍🚀🚀🏆
27 YEARS  We finally see Buzz’s natural hair!
Wow ! Another remake :)
i hope tim allen is still voicing him and i hope zurg is the villain, but then a surprise ending twist will make woody the true villain XD
❤️❤️❤️maza aa gaya bachpan me sony Disney hour pe dekhta tha aba bada hoke uski movie wow it's like repeat a life twice ❤️❤️❤️
Will this be a sequel or a prequel??
I hope it'll be like the series
It better not take them almost 20 years to say the iconic catchphrase…….like they did with endgame 😒
YO IS THAT THE HALO REACH SPACE MISSION!!
...and what? AND WHAT?!
Oh myyyyyy, geeez cant wait to see the origins of buzz 😍 Grew up with him and always imagined how he has his own movie
Someone in Pixar liked the Call of Duty infinite trailer.
Finally some Buzz Lightyear Lore!
Very very cool 😎  To infinity and beyond! 🚀 👽
Toy story 11?😳
This looks amazing
I have not had shivers and goosebumps for a movie trailer in a considerably long time
This gives me clone wars vibes
The Toy Story Prequel we didn't want but we needed.
I just wanna say I love the Bowie song choice for this trailer
This will make the buzz
What it is with Pixar movies and being able to make me cry before I even see them
why so serious
Rumor has it that this is the footage shown to all buzz lightyear toys before they are boxed up and shipped to the nearest toy store.
I wonder what timeline this is taking place.
To infinity and... assemble
To infinity and beyond.
Finally know what his hair looks like. I can die happy.
i need woody to get his own show too and have it be a melodramatic western
Buzz lightyear 😏
Все говорят о Крисе Эвансе, а я скажу что песня Дэвида Боуи тут просто идеально подходит
*I N T E R N A L  S C R E A M I N G   I N T E N S I F I E S
......I'll allow it.
"¡Hasta el infinito... y más allá!"
Pixar just sealed the loophole with there being a tire brand caled lightyear in the Pixar universe
Wasn’t this already a thing???  A nice animated show that was actually shown on TV??   I really liked that show...  Mira, Booster, XLR
This animation looked beautiful.
Disney are you reading my mind just yesterday I was thinking when are they going to release a proper teaser for lightyear and literally next day you do
I'm so excited for it
0:55 Superman 64
I finally understand who Jeff Bezos is trying to be...
Pause at 00:03
LET'S GO TO INFINTY AND BEYOND
Trailer: *Shows Lightyear space suit*  Brain: *The Only thing They Fear is You starts playing*
BEYOND!!!!!!!
Buzz going up to space multiple times: "I could do this all day."
Summer 22'?! I can't wait that long... This looks amazing!
To infinity... And...  BAH-LA-LA-LA-LA
I'm getting some real "BnL" vibes from Star Command tech. If this turns out to be one giant connecting thread between all the pixar movies starring humans, I think my mind would be completely blown.
Dope.
TFW no Tim Allen…
watching this now, i can see why buzz didn’t think he was a toy
Love how he does the action figure karate chop
Generally Every other pixar movie is a masterpiece, this looks like it will probably be one of them.
Was excited until I heard Buzz speak…
This may appeal to a more older target audience
Elon Musk after watching this: Boys let's do this!
Expect any characters from Buzz Lightyear of Star Command to appear in this new summer blockbuster
This is already my favourite Pixar film! Loving the David Bowie sound track
Looks cool, if only they could add even more black characters though...
Zurg is the bad guy you heard it here first
This is what 7 year old me thought WALL-E was going to be.
oh that looks good
this kinda looks like doom animated
Wow I can’t wait
are you guys serisly about this?
I'm expecting a western epic after this
There's a starman waiting in the sky🌌🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠
A spinoff is made over two decades late and everyone loses their minds. Well played keeping that franchise alive.
This looks so epic. Shame we'll never get a Woody's Roundup TV show because cowboys aren't as cool as spaceman. "Once the astronauts went up, children only wanted to play with space toys" Also I hope this makes Disney put the Buzz Lightyear cartoon on Disney+. That was my childhood
been waiting for that movie since i was 4 O_o
This looks awesome! Definitely checking it out when it's released.
I demand XO and Booster!
No
pixar one love
Honestly I’m glad we finally get to see buzz without his suit but I wonder why he isn’t voiced by Tim allen
Hmmm interesting
Pov you grown up since you last seen toy story in 2009
I hope they include Zurg or even his origin here. ❤️
I though the purple thing is part of his body hahahaa ...which is actually is his inner suit hahaha
I really like this approach to Buzz Lightyear, although I do still miss that on TV show I faintly remember. Super excited to see!
If there's anything I've learned from flying through space is that the gravitational pull of your average sun makes flying through space very dangerous.Because the bigger you are,the quicker you burn.In short ladies and gentlemen...Gravity's a ditch(can't curse)...Other than that,this movie looks promising...😉😉😉😉😉
Will zurg be in this movie
So when are we getting the Mr. Potato head movie?
Buzz! Buzz!!! Now I can't wait!!!!
#notmybuzz
they are going to be selling buzzlightyear toys like crazy now
Can't wait!!💜💚💜💗
PIXAR THE GOAT OF ANIMATION.
Now all we need is a Western that explains Woody's backstory.
That was beautiful! It's like someone's dream become true. This is Buzz's (is this how we write the name? I'm a foreigner so I'm sorry if it's wrong)
woody needs one too
I want tim Allen
Omg buzz
Imagine that pixar have the right to make a big  animated universe of Dc comics with this animation style.
Can't wait for this getting the whole story on buzz
Starman is perfectly match this one.
Hey guys, look! It's the *real* Buzz Lightyear!
As Time flew buzz has been mature
This looks awesome! 🔥
Buzz Lightyear is back babbyyyyy..!!!
No Tim Allen, not watching.
I’m watching this. This is legit
OH MY GOAT!! 🐐  I'm glad we survived covid to be blessed with this HERION OF NOSTALGIA!!
To infinity, and I'm gone
*blinks* Is this.... is this a Buck Rogers homage?
Still weird not hearing the voice of Tim Allen. Can't you make a Tim Allen version for the older folks? 😅
Didnt know i needed this movie in my life
This looks SICK 🔥
When Zurg? :o
So... umm. Is he’s companions going to join Zog’s side or...?
if they do a real job of this, rather than just a release so that people will watch it, it could be very cool
This looks like a adult sci-fi movie but in a kid format
Halo +Wallie)))
The real    Buzz Lightyear
Bruh again a spinoff,meh equally I am going to see iy
I’m kinda sad it’s not Tim Allen but side note  I just noticed this at 1:03 is that combat Carl?
I am so excited for this!! I have NEVER been more hyped for a Pixar movie until now!
Am i the only one who got chills at the end??? 😬😬😬😬
0:41 the first manned mission to the sun
To Infinity and Beyond🚀
I only have one complaint, and it’s very minor and due to nostalgia so don’t worry much. I wish it was Tim Allen voicing Buzz, because toy buzz’s voice is based off of what Buzz sounds like in the cartoons and videogames… but otherwise, I can’t wait
BEYOOOONDDDDD!!!!!
This is it
BEYOND !!!!!!
3 years ago I predict that after last toy story movie they gonna make movie about every toys into actual person. I LOVE THIS TRAILER.
now THIS is how you use Bowie’s “Starman”!!! film looks hella interesting. the first time since Tron Legacy am i excited for a Disney movie to drop. lets goooo 💫
Wonder if there'd be a cowboy movie made for Woody, Jessie and Bullseye perhaps? With Stinky Pete of course...
Look like a young Mr.Incredible haha
Saw somebody else comment this   “I can do this for infinity and beyond”
But.... isn't Buzz a toy?
This here just convinced me to buy a proper blu ray player so i can watch it in glorious 4K + HDR.
0:58 looks like Dagobah
And lemme guess, after this movie there will be Sheriff Woody.
I am excited.
:O
Графика потрясающая
I was not expecting this and I am more than happy with the trailer... Hopefully it will be a good film! :)
This is going to be great buzzes suit looks absolutely beautiful and tjat tease of the box opening with the purple pink light witch i assume is zurg is awsome this is my most anticipated movie for next year so far
“To infinity and beyond.”
Agora estou muito ansioso para ver esse filme da pixar
FIREEEEEEEEEEE
Bruh
Imagine if they made a buzz lightyear crossover
Alright, Pixar. You got my attention. Like any chess game; Make your move count.
I can just see this being just as great as the cartoon series. Bringing back my childhood.
Wait, so what about Commander Nebula, Booster, Mira and XR? What about Warp Darkmatter?
That David Bowie song gives me chills and tears. What a legend. Can't believe this is happening!
I'm surprised. This looks so good
Time to dust off that old Pixar cinematic universe theory.
Wow this looks like a high-budget action flick
Perfect,perfect,perfect,perfect this is amazing
THIS EPIC!!! 🔥
Ту мач блэк пипл
My 8 y/o kid is not impressed 😅
So...is no one going to at least mention the racial and gender-based elephant in the room?...
This movie looks like Destiny before the Collapse
The hype is real.
This movie better have some Zurg.
Not Disney making Buzz light year attractive 🥵
After this let’s make a woody movie
0:58 Buzz Lightyear visits Dagobah?
This is absolutely incredible
Here’s what I picture happening at the end of Lightyear: in a post-credits scene, the whole film is revealed to be a TV movie, being watched by Bonnie, Rex, Jessie, Hamm, and of course toy Buzz Lightyear. When Bonnie leaves the room, the toys (especially Rex) compliment Buzz for having such a “heroic and mighty past” (which he enjoys). And the final line of the entire movie is of toy Buzz and movie Buzz saying in unison “To Infinity and Beyond”! And the cherry on top, the actors from the Toy Story movies reprise their roles, but they aren’t mentioned during the credit roll so it’ll be a surprise.
Finally our childhood character become got his own film
TIM ALLEN....WHERE ARE YOU????
Now let's wait for a western spinoff about Woody.
Why
For Devi got some doom slayer vibe with some of those armor
This is a ball knocked out of the park... presenting  different Aura , animation is amazing .. can't wait
We get to see the years of academy training gone to waste
And...we just witnessed the re-theming of another Epcot attraction
I love this
I'm actually not disappointed
"And..." You know it!
Buzz without Tim Allen's voice isn't Buzz.
I theorise that Pixar won't focus on other movies until they're finished with Lightyear. Not to mention how the Evil Emperor Zurg would be!
Please have a scene of him watching Woody's Roundup, or playing with a Woody doll, so the internet can explode.
Very cool!
OMG BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! TO INFINITY AND BEYOND 🚀
...and beyond
YOU ARE A TOY !!!
Color correction and overall Art Direction feels pretty low for a Pixar film, this looks like a Blender foundation project instead, anyways positive support to mediocrity is an everyday thing these days...
1:18 I know there is no sign of a villain yet (which is brilliant), but I bet this is Zurg coming out of some hibernation machine, prepared to control the galaxy once again.
This movie is going to be awesomeeeeeeeee!
This is horrible and my day has been ruined
Amazing and it’s here
Himbo
To infinity and beyond. !
Spoiler alert 🚨🚨🚨  So buzz will be fighting an evil person called zurg.. at the end of the movie it turns out that this zurg is buzz’s father.
“Once the astronauts went up, children only wanted to play with space toys.”
predicting: his darck skinned female friend will die
Whatttttt????????????
Aight. Where's ZURG
To infinity and.....  Your Mom!
Pixar animation is out of this world🔥🔥.....no pun intended
1:27 ..............BEYOND!!!!!!!!!
Starman😌
Yo al ver la miniatura del trailer, ya sabía que era Buzz pero ahora es humano, osea que Buzz Lighyear si es un astronauta en la vida real y que después su fama se haría tan grande que le harían su propia linea de juguetes que ya todo el mundo conoce, esto tiene sentido ya que Woody dijo que tu no eres el verdadero Buzz Lighyear, como si se refería que existía uno en la vida real, una escena épica sería que en una escena post credito la nave de Buzz aterrisada en el lejano oeste sobre una montaña y que un comisario escale esa montaña y vea a Buzz como en la escena que Woody lo conoce
Will it have zurg
Having David Bowie's music for this movie is almost as perfect as smash mouth for Shrek
End credits scene:  Lightyear’s rocket seen at take off from a nearby barn.  A cowboy with his steed, looks above.
Toy Story 2 Elevator Scene.  Emperor Zurg: Buzz "I AM YOU'RE FATHER".  Buzz: Noooooooooooooooo.
Esse trailer me lembrou wall-e. Mas alguém também lembrou?
I really badly want this to be a secret sequel/prequel to Wall-E
With this and Starfield coming out in 2022 it’s gonna be a space year!!
Finally after years of waiting for Buzz Lightyear movie 😭😭 Thank you Pixar!! To the infinity and beyond!!
Awesome! Next movie: Woody
0:57 Is this Dagobah?
Buzz looks like human shrek
is this Halo Infinite?
Yess
I wonder what Buzz Aldrin thinks of all this. He's the IRL Buzz.
Not flieng toy)))
Класс. Хорошая идея. Очень интересно будет посмотреть.
Smoke me a kipper, I'll be back for breakfast.
Dean's Buzz Segments from WGN Morning News Only
Hey guys look, it’s the real Buzz Lightyear! And it’s totally not an act!
Dios . Para cuando se estrena. 💯💯💯💯👏👏👏👏👏👏
"Базз, мы летим!!!" Наконец-то эта фраза экранизирована, и Базз решил нам показать, что нет предел бесконечности!
Looking back on this trailer til Woodys epic Western is announced
What’s really annoying is after the last toy story I said they should make a woody movie where it shows how woody came in to Andy’s life because they never showed it and it could’ve been from Andy’s dad which would’ve been amazing as a prequel  but this works I believe in part two they told woody is story though soooo
Lucas Lee from Scott Pilgrim vs. The World got his own Movie!
Love it 😍
This should be great. I grew up with Toy Story. Can't wait to see what else they come up with. They should compliment this with a western for Woody, then have a sequel where the two of them meet.
Omg
BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
Movie looks hype dont mess it up
bowie's starman makes it perfect
Now  Make one about Woody
Woody “Buzz Look a Alien.” Buzz “Where?” Woody “On your left.”
*Wild West Woody* (Pixar 2024) film for Woody
Tim Allen isn't doing his voice? Why? The man did the voice for 20 years. Now all the sudden you change it?
Is he going to go search for his dad or wha?
Wow this looks REALLY good, Pixar you guys make such incredibly polished work!  Are we going to have origin story movies of other Toy Story characters in their respective fictional worlds?
Finally, a comics accurate Buzz Lightyear suit 😂😂😂
Buzz should’ve been voiced by Tim Allen!
I see a spaceship sling-shot around the sun and wonder, “Where are the whales?” 🤔
It seems like Pixar’s getting more experimental with the films they make.
BEYOND!
I feel like this looks way too much like Star Wars.
Okay...i am sold!!! A young buzz lightyear orgin story bassed off the back story of hisntoy in toy story, call me more than intrigued. It really looks good lol
looks pretty good, i am hesitant but optimistic
My brother, and I are hyped to see this
I loved the Buzz Lightyear cartoon show
Half life 3
for some reason i hoped to see woody in this trailer lol
Fun fact: "To infinity and beyond" was originally and frequently said by Andrew Stanton's (writer for Toy Story and Director of Finding Nemo) high school science teacher in Rockport, Massachusetts.
*to infinity and beyond!*
What if the Real Buzz Lightyear was just Andy grown up?
*Beyond.*
Beyond! 🚀
It's not original toy story, it's Buzz's story
Omg childhood memories..
Sounds great, wish they forgot toystory tough.
Can we talk about the little details here?   OMG the exhaust from the rocket during launch!!
I think this will be the best pixar movie ever
The spaceship launch scene reminded me of Halo Reach for some reason...
i can't wait for this 🚀🚀🚀
I was not expecting David Bowie's Starman. I haven't heard that song in so long
The background score.
Where is Tim Allen!!???
BOI, this Buzz lightyear looks awesome.
So we finally get to see Buzz without the suit O,o
Thats the most cursed Buzz I have ever seen I love it
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS
Basically, the 3D remake for Buzz Lightyear of Star Command from the early 2000s.
I'm sorry, but lightyear flying so close to the sun like that is unrealistic.
Im going to cry.
Title: YouTube: Toy Story 4
Amazing.
Nostalgia at it's peak after watching this
Does that mean Woody’s gonna get his own show?
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Family guy
Now all we need is Wood, where a cowboy has a snake on his boot.
This looks awesome, don't let us down Pixar!!
Taking me back to my childhood where Zorg would haunt my nightmares. Haha This is going to be amazing!!
We've got to see a quick shot of some familiar looking cowboys at some point.
After over 20 years of waiting
Why couldn't they get Buzz Lightyear's original voice actor?
Omg Wall-e reference!?
starman playing... my toes curled
loved!!
Still waiting for the ending of Woody's Roundup .  .  .
I wasn't really hyped for this but now you know, why not...
LETS GOOO
Let’s give this guy a nice MCU welcome
Waiting for Yoda to show up at 0:57 😮
My childhood is ... completed!
give us a cinematic woody movie next
I fell off with animated movies since recently, they're mostly heavily, cliche kid-stuff but man this trailer brings me back as if Im watching Wall-e all over again
Dope
incrible😀
That purple looking ship at the end. That is UNDOUBTEDLY Zurg!
The animation is phenomenal, I will say that. Top tier, Pixar has made it super far over the years.  But like…can we please get an original story? Not these reboots anymore?? It feels like all Y’all want is money.   The last Pixar movie and I consider my favorite out of all of Pixar is Coco bc of how original the story was.  I feel like this movie is being praised a lot bc of high quality animation, not a new world Disney could have opened us up to.
*Daddy Lightyear??!* 😳😳😂😂
OMG this is SOOOO fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!  And the music!
I hope they are making a Woody film next
This is completely out of left field, no one ever could’ve even thought of this concept to even ask for it and yet I am so down for it!
it's amazing 😮😮
I'M GOING FERALLLLL
Is this real?
Why does wanna make cry😥
I'm ready for this, I grew up on Toy Story
@Pixar I and we and Tim Allen are so proud!)
Producers: How cool do you want the movie t-  Audience: yes
This looks so different from the ordinary Pixar movie. A bit weird, but I'm intrigued to see where this goes.
Oh......didn't see this coming, the animation looks amazing
i already know the ending of this movie.. he'll end up in Andy's room and NO TOY will believe that he came in piece....
Woody: Hey guys, look! It's the real Buzz Lightyear!
What have you done to his face?
always love david bowie’s starman appear in some movies with astronauts and space
of course the only other astronaut is a black woman because disney.
To infinity and beyond
I wonder if Zurg is in it.  I wonder if he's gonna be funny like he's always been or legit scary this time, given the tone I'm getting from this teaser
Of course the redhead Is black
I hope there will be Warp Darkmatter, too 👀
Love it !!
I hope this movie is stupid in all the right ways. Something uncomplicatedly optimistic please.
Make one for woody
0:37 to infinity and beyond
THE HYPE IS BUZZIN SO HARD THAT THE HORNET KING IS OTW TO EXCAVATE IT 😭😭
Hey guys, look! It’s the real Buzz Lightyear!!!
すごい楽しみ！
Imagine at the end of the movie, he gets stranded in a desolate world populated with Cowboys, Pigs, T-Rex, and all bunch of unfamiliar aliens.  The cowboy says:  ＲＥＡＣＨ ＦＯＲ ＴＨＥ ＳＫＹ
This will be one of the highest grossing movies of all time for Disney.
I was a Huge fan  Am and will be 🙋
Looking good Mr. Light Beer.
Mark my words this is gonna be the best film Pixar has ever made.
BEYOND    YES I DID IT I FINISHED WHAT OTHERS COULDNT YYYYEEEESSSSS
This looks so good literal goosebumps
I mean I heard of a series of him personally in toy stry animation but hey
S2 Bowie S2
Una pregunta Y WOODY???
Impossible this can't be. My favourite dude of toy-story as a kid and now being a teenager i can't believe this is happening
🥰🥰🥰🤩🤩🤩
Just milking a popular franchise. This movie will probably be the same with any other character in buzz’s place
WHAT IF…..He’s buzz light year son or grandson  And we see Tim Allen as the old buzz🙈👌🏼🔥🙏🏼
Just remember that Chris Evans signed Captain America's signature on US Military air to ground bombs.
Он очень похож на игрушку-космонавта, Баса Лайтера из мультфильма "история игрушек". Не, не может быть такого.
But…I thought Buzz was a toy?
To Infinity and Summer 2022!!!
Interstellar like 👍
Sad, Buzz lossing all the people he knows. 1:09
Not Tim Allen
Can we get space command on Disney +
Can't wait for among us reference.
Buzz: see i told you i'm not a toy..❤️❤️❤️❤️
Buzz Yogurt Light
Buzz in this VS in Toy Story is literally the definition of turning RTX on.
I'm not crying. You are.
Lightyear: I can do this all day.
So this is what Buzz did when Woody was gone.
Why isn’t Tim Allen doing the voice? I like Chris evans and all but I know Tim wouldn’t have turned this down.
Oh this is cute!! I'm looking forward to it!!
I got chills watching this.  I hope we get a ton of Toy Story references.
Why would there be Woody in the movie?
Is this coming out before "Turning Red"?
I SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HOPE THEY MAKE THIS!!!!!!
TO INFINITY🚀
Buzz “I can do this all day” Lightyear
'Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Lightyear to the rescue'
Beyond
Absolutely incredible!!! So excited 🙌😃
Not sure I'll watch this movie without Tim Allan in it.
It's cheating to use David Bowie
This needs more Zurg.
It’s more surreal than it should be to finally see Buzz Lightyear with hair rather than that purple head piece
Buzz got facial surgery to look more like Chris evans. Bruh
I love the interstellar like space suit design
Loons pretty good actually. The animation looks slick as always. A spin off but really original.
This is some of the best animation I have ever seen
WHAT... This is insane. Super Stoked!!!
Wait, are they gonna do a Western next starring Woody?
Absolutely insane. Looks like if Warhammer was a Disney movie. I'm in love. Toy Story was one of if not the first movie I ever saw in my life and Buzz has always been incredible important to me. Also, those robots at 1:17... Dare I say Zurg confirmed??
😍😍😍 wow marvelous ❤️❤️❤️
I want to cry 😭 this is amazing!! Thank you for bringing back our childhood memories!
Wait what? ! xD
This looks amazing!! 👍🏾
I can't wait to see him Falling with Style
OMG THIS LOOKS PHENOMENAL, I’m DEFINITELY Even More on Board With This 🚀 ❤️
I bet it was going to be on Disney+ when they delayed the movie.
BEYOND
And beyond
Not bad but when's woody gonna get his own movie?
Chris Evans will probably be okay but I don't know why they didn't get Tim Allen back
YOU. ARE. A. TOOOOOYYY
This one is not a Toy
*Can't wait to see the toy story references 😁😁😁*
I genuinely do not know how to feel or who this is for
i didnt realize that i need that movie in my life
OML I cannot wait for this to come out. I grew up with toy story and this looks so good
So these are the memories they inject into every buzz before shipping.
0:57 this looks like Star wars
buzz is tom cruise
I would imagine the ending of the film we pull out and shows Andy and his mom in the OG animation style where Andy asks his mom to buy him a buzz light year figure where it leads to toy story 1
And now I want a western with woody
AMAZING! Say what you want but Lightyear is the "Top Gun" of science fiction and animation, and the best part is that it stars my favorite avenger, Chris Evans. How much expectation do you have with this movie? I do have high expectations for seeing this movie.
Spoiler alert: Zurg is he's father.
All the dislikes are from Stinky Pete.
Years Of academy training finally paid off
I hope that like, at the end of the film. It just reveals the whole thing was an in universe movie, the way the cartoon was just an actual TV show being watched by the characters.
why though
Wonder why Tim Allen isn't back, but Chris is an interesting choice
So are we retconning away Buzz Lightyear of Star Command or is this supposed to be like an in world reboot movie for Buzz Lightyear?
Cool.
this looks wayy better than expected
Chris Evans will be amazing in Lightyear!
I mean I guess
