Please remember this video is just for fun, it isn't a be all end all. Some of you are getting pretty hostile in the comments. Everyone's list is going to be different. The reason I had them do a 1v1 against bosses was to show how much damage they do on their own. It would be very difficult for me to measure how good a spirit is if I'm attacking them simultaneously. If a spirt summon can almost kill or completely kill a boss on their own, then obviously they are a strong spirit summon. I also couldn't include EVERY spirit because this would have been like 2 hours long.   Depending on your play style, weapons, and stats, everyone's experience is going to be different.
I absolutely love the dung eater summons, in some ways I like him more than the mimic tear (don’t hate me please)
Mimic drives me crazy pounding purple mana things in his chest 6 times in a fight and dropping warming stone. When you have a rivers of blood on him. I have to remove them so he won't use them. Also he throws the Alubunaric pots that don't do a thing to npc's. While I'm waiting for him to grab agro.
When I got the mimic tier I'd just got the ruins sword, he then soloed a Magma worm 😂
This is outdated!
This is an excellent list - and it’s why I made sure to get the Dumg Eater puppet… and man, he is a BEAST! 😆😆 Also, I don’t think all hawks are the same. Don’t sleep on “Stormhawk Deenh.” I upgraded it to +9 and it is phenomenal at agro-ing bosses and actually doing quite a bit of constant ticking damage, which prevents their poise meter from regenerating. It also buffs your damage by 20% for 60 seconds every time it lets out a war cry. I used it on the full grown falling star beast and beat it on my first attempt.
Personally, I summon an effective and longer-lasting spirit in some fights, mainly to distract the boss from me from time to time so I can use these opportunities to strike effectively myself. A spirit isn't meant to do my job, but to support me. Sometimes a single spirit is good for that, sometimes a group of spirits is more effective.  I've grown very fond of the three Lone Wolf you get right at the beginning of the game, and they have accompanied and supported me for a long time as I leveled up.  A highly leveled Rotten Stray Dog is also very effective because it's very viable and infects enemies with scarlet rot, which continues to affect them even if the dog dies. An amazing early-game ash as sources of scarlet rot are relatively scarce and most early-game bosses don't have the health to withstand it. The dog itself is very agile and hard to hit.  The "Mimic Tear" shouldn't be missjudged, as it's always just a current copy of the player and can therefore only be as good or as bad as the player themselves at the exact time of summoning.  I've personally had the best experiences with the Black Knife Tiché so far; it's very durable, very fast and agile, and it also has very good damage output, and, yes, she can kill some bosses all by herself.  Honestly, no joke, but give the Jarwight Puppet a try especially in the earlier phase of the game; you can get it from Seluvis and his quest. It uses a wide variety of pots, from Freezing Pots and Poison Pots/Fetid Pots, to Oil Pots and Swarm Pots, as well as Fire Pots/Redmane Fire Pots and Lightning Pots/Ancient Dragonbolt Pots. Not very strong since the pots thrown are largely random, but nonetheless somewhat entertaining and effective depending of the boss. In any case, it's also good for distracting the boss and to weaken the boss` health, and that's the job of every spirit.
The whole point of the jelly is that it shoots and bleeds from a distance! It can’t be rated based on a 1v1 test!
You leveled them up to 9??!?! That doesn’t even show you their true potential. 😂 you should have maxed them out.
Jellyfish can’t do good in 1v1 it’s mostly used for poison dmg
Hey man nice video thanks!  I just started the game and i use the Godrick Soldiers,  where would you put them?? (Just for fun hehe)  thanks 🫡 @swanyplaysgames
The jellyfish help me beat Margit and Godrick will forever be my S tier🫶🏽
This tier list is very valuable... For those who want to play Elden Ring AFK. Anyone who wants to play the game for themselves, its just fun video to watch and nothing more.
I missed dung eater so many times.
This video come out 2 years ago maybe you should do a new video of what summons are great to use now
I gotta wait for dung eater because I have the potion to Gideon
I don't like the test that much sadly, good to test survival and dmg, but terrible for dragging aggro. Most of the tanks can't hold the agro for ranged play styles.
Mimic Tear. The End. The other summons are unnecessary.
i was struggling to kill Radagon with mimic tear so i decided i need something better i went with black knife tiche and she wrecked the boss in my one attempt.
As a tip, if you use latenna near an elder wolf, she will, in fact, ride that wolf and then become mobile
I seen lhutal the headless come within a sliver of beating DTS on her own. I think she may be an s tier summon imo
The Dung-Eater does bleed damage as well. He is absolutley phenomenal in bleed builds
When Dung Eater starts using his magic he just wrecks bosses
I’ve never used the jellyfish
The jelly fish is my favorite because it uses blood attack
Tiche is the goat bloodhound knight floh good but wolves summons is underated cos they get boss attention and dodge attacks while u dish out damage
Wrong jellyfish distracts boss
Rotten Stray never applied scarlet rot on anything I tried it on and I tested all the popular testing spots so for me it was useless
"Archers" are very underrated. It's 3 skeleton archers that position themselves in a cool way. Two stand far away on each side of the enemy, and one stands near the enemy, so they're all spread out and the two on the outside will jjst be doing free damage pretty much
Skeleton soldiers x2 can be fantastic if the enemy is unable to hit them after they go down, as they constantly revive
Jellyfish is still tanky endgame and poison goes on everything pretty much   Is it S tier? Nope, but D tier? Damn
Mimic Tier (copy of yourself. Needs its own god tier)  Tiche (Uses Destined Death the ability on Malikeths Black Blade which is OP)  Dolores (sleep arrows. When this procs it's basically the I win button in most scenarios)  Crystalian (on anything that doesn't use strike damage. Alternatively Mad Pumpkin Head, Oleg, or Greatshield Soldiers are probably the best tank)  Therolina (random heals altho you can get the mimic tear to heal you. Sure you have to be near therolina and have to hope she heals but it can still be extremely effective). Latenna could go here tho if you're playing a tank yourself   Top 5 for me
The Jellyfish is a good complement during a boss fight, but not as 1-on-1.
The Great Shield Soldiers are one of the best, mainly in fights against Maliketh and Radagon.
My monkey gang ain't in the list?
If I was to make a tier list: > Make or limit your criteria for judgement (offensive, defensive, support, special abilities) > Top 10 ... of passively offensive spirits is not a tier... because has been done and is a tired argument (+dlc additions). > early/medium/late game acquisition (# of bosses killed to get), if gotten late [in a long quest chain] should be important in its judgment  > dps, versatility, survivability, and other metrics are important as well (healing, teleporting, debuffs/buffing, etc.).  you need to rethink premises for this video <period>.😢
IMPS?
TY!
bro you are testing them bad, you cant test the ability of a fish to run. you cant test jellyfish its ability to 1v1 thats not the point pf having it
the jellyfish is the best, put it in a corner and let it do its thing while you fight with the boss, doesnt interfere  with your figts
best
Missed the Nepheli Loux puppet
Very fair video. Thx
Actually jelly fish will distract the enemy and have a ton of hp which will help us, the tarnished to kill the bosss
GIANT RATS OR YOURE FUCKING SUCKS
This is out dated you should do a new video
Can also check pumpkin head bruh?
Jellyfish is s tier!!! Im still using it at level 200 and its a straight tank! Idc it doesnt do damage i do the damage i just need a while to set up and the jellyfish gives me that time..
One of my videos I show anotther ability of latenna. If there is a wolf near she will tammed it and ride :)
I’m obsessed with the great shield soldiers. They take hits like champs and sometimes bully weaker bosses by constantly beating them in a corner
The rankings should have been: "Pretty good" Or "really good" Edit: I forgot  "pretty decent" and "really really good" My bad
What abt the godrick soldier spirit?
Latenna solos Fire giant :)
Jellyfish is used to take agro from a boss from long range  while you buff/heal/debuff or damage and take agro back.   Maybe learn how to use it before ranking
Tiche basically soled Malenia for me lmfao
Tiche is just amazing summon but my god is he/she hard to kill to get it.
Watching this while still clueless how to use summons. 😅
What about the frog boys
u seem to only use your spirits for dps, most ppl use them for tanking so the ranged ones are all useless for that but you seem to love them. try running a magic class and lets see your perspective on spirits then :)
is this still accurate ?
mans on crack putting wolves above jellyfish. THE JELLY can solo margitt early on and godrick. Wolves stall time jelly deals thousands of dmg.
The Jellyfish just has a cute story line.
I am late to the game, but as a mage, the 5 dudes with shield are absolute A tier for a mage build, most of the time, in room fights, the put the boss behind a shield wall, and you can just pew pew them down. In bigger bosses as the elden tree ones, they just get killed fast, but for dungeon bosses, absolutely need ash for range builds.
Kaiden sellsword ??
jelly is only op for the proc after it lands jelly can die and so can the boss 15min later, good for bosses that are way too hard for your skill/level for sure a utility summon
Also, cool thing about the albunaric, of you encounter a wolf in the world while using her, she'll bond with it and become one of those mounted archers near Tue consecrated snowfield
Redmane knight will not follow you and will not stop trying to hit with his bow even if he can't get a hit, I've seen him trying to shoot through the floor and walls and will not stop until one gets close
😂😂😂the jelly is like “let me solo her” for beginners it saves the day some of us wouldn’t of got off the first boss with out his game making plays! 😂😂😂
2 years late but i think it'd be better to do trials not helping the spirit ashes but also do trials where you do help them. some of these are only going to shine when you keep the aggro off them. but yeah kristoff is incredible even in the dlc, together you can take on anything if you team up with him and even if you just leave stuff to him he does pretty decent
bro did dung eater but not nephelix loux????
I had the headless with my mage until I got Tische, the problem is with her, she just doesn't aggro the boss, quite annoying for a mage.
Great shield soldiers were a save for me when fighting the invisible Black Knife boss, and the were keeping him in place and i was able to see where he is when they were hitting
I love using the Demi humans because there is 5 of them and feel like some kinda evil overlord. “Go forth, my minions”
5:00 someone tell me in which catacombs or cave can i find this boss? i want their outfit
Tbh Oleg is worth S, he has more mobility than the other, so he can keep boss agroo for longer and save you. Oleg pretty much carried plenty bosses until I got black knife, including moghwyn
Best spirit for Astel natural born?
As a mage with a mimic tear. The enemy takes double Kamehameha!!!
Great shield soldieres are so much better than b-tear :D
I love my Luthel she is a wall
Ogha is the best for me…tanky af and ranged and melee attacks which stuns!! Always carried me when i had hard time with a boss
Jelly fish is good cuz of its immunity’s and the poison damage actually comes in clutch
Imp ashes?
Did you already try fanged imp ?
All hail jellyfish
Personally, i use the sole skeleton with two curved blades He isn't stronf He is only the tankiest skeleton i have I use skeletons so the tank and revive to tank more while i shoot the black knives skills Plus it costs only 25, so you don't use all your mana (i don't play sorceries, that's why)
Try them with mohg great rune
Crystalian not being able to tank physical damage is a false statement. Crystalian performs extremely well vs all but strike damage, which is just one subtype of physical damage.
You forgot the storm hawk king summon
I use stormhawk, it buff your damage with warcry, it's like playing solo with a buff, other ones make the game to easy
There should be a crucible knight summon
Lhutel just doing nothing when malikos comes out
They should buff the rot stray so theirs 2 of them and I personally think the wolves are D tier like the jelly
Brilliant upload as it gave me an insight into a lot of the summons even before i play the game so thank you👍Cant believe the haters tho 🤷‍♀️ A lot of work has gone into this video 👏
the jellyfish is useless in fight. it is part of a mission later. It will help to open a barrier for you ...  (i don't want to spoiler you).
What about Godrick Soldiers?
Tiche is best in end game. She just lasts the longest.
The lore and story about the jellyfish ashes makes it at least an A teir. 😊
BlackKnife Tiche is top tier. She got me through the Malenia fight. Latenna is really good too.
for the mausoleum soldiers to fight you have to keep ringing the bell.. duh
You are missing, Kaiden Sellsword Ashes.
Black knife tiche is my favorite, no question
I been using demi-humans on my 1st game plus the fact like you point out. it cost alot of fp for other spirits and you are trying to up a few other stats for armor and weapons. like I'm trying to be mid like heavy weapon and mid or armor that has good high enough of poise. and getting fp is just as annoying has getting your endurance up just to hold heavy weapons or armor. also on the fact you trying to get your vigor up so you don't have to die as fast. it sucks because I really want to use headless knight and elite knight. 104-108 fp to summon them and you start with 48 at best when new game. like I said mind's just as annoying as endurance. so demi-human's been kinda useful. the more number of spirits the more the boss well attack. sure they would die fast. but it helps kill off half of the bosses health and you can do the rest with almost all health potions you got left. I call it "half cheesing". XD
i never used a sum on any boss, but i heard about mimic tear. If you wanna paly on ez mode, the i'm sure they work
People are so annoying.  You didn't mention what i like so your opinion is shit.
Yeah i noticed people praising the Jelly fish. I haven't gotten good results with it. Way overrated. I don't get people's obsession with it.
You forgot to mention that if Latenna is summoned close to where wolfs are, she can ride them which is awesome
The thing about the jellyfish, granted it may be sorta slow yes, however it will definitely cheese a few bosses from poison build up
No stormhawk or glintstone sorcerer?
Banished knights ftw
no demi human ashes?
The comments left by people on your posts (that you showed in this video) leave me with that all-too-common dreadful perspective that so many today are just horrible human beings. It’s embarrassing, disappointing, and sad.
sadly fanged imp ashes are not mentioned in the video, i actually love them really much
Those fan favorite be the noobs who dont know nothing 😂😭
They are knights which means they are male 😂
Jellyfish do his best
Mimic tear and it ain’t even close if you have a well rounded character.
Nice one man! If you can do another one with all the ashes in the game that would ne great too, I wonder which tier would you put the Raya Lucaria soldiers
Anyone know if Delores works on Elden beast?
What about stormhawk deenh
14:25 muslim soldiers, lets go
Any of the S tier can be obtained early? if yes let me know which one! (preferably less than 110 FP haha)
Nice list, i only would put the War Hawk higher at least at A Rank Just how good He isand  hat a very cool Design in my opinion
You missed the Soldjars
The real benefit of the Jellyfish is that they're great at drawing threat, not that they're powerful.
What do you think of the Demi-humans
lhutel the headless is S rank for me he can defeat almost of my enemies without my help
Jelly fish is not meant to solo the boss for you or do damage it is there to support you, Tank hits and poison
Can you do another list with each of the S and A ter and where to find them. That would be awesome.
where are the radahn soldiers ashes?
It is depressing how much better my mimic is at fighting than I am given she has all of the same equipment🤣🤣
And it’s just one shot everything
I made a bundle with Rikers sword and I called the mimic tear😅😅
Is it noob to use these guys vs bosses
Thoughts on the Demi-Human Ashes?
It's amazing how I thought the wolves were the best cause as a mage. They carried me up until the Elden beast
Jellyfish is hands down the best early game. It's not used for DPS, it's meant to tank and take aggro.
The JellyFish is meant to be for support. It is a tank and distraction so you can deal mass damage to an enemy. It is most best against a boss
Jellyfish is still nice
I just started the game and i use the headless girl
Jellyfish
Jellyfish
WHEREEE IS NEPHELI LOUX
Honestly I'm going to come around to this game some time in 2024 and I'm not sure if watching this video "spoils" anything huge? These spirit things look hype and hell though and will definitely make my first fromsoftware game a little bit easier 👍
As someone who used Jelly for most of my first play through I can tell you that the reason you think it sucks is you’re doing exactly the opposite of what it’s purpose is. He’s not meant to fight any boss on his own. He’s there to distract and tank damage for you while you unleash. He’s saved me tons of times when I was one shot away from death and then I’d come back on defeat the boss. Used correctly Jelly is one of the best summons you could have in your corner. Plus he has a great love story as well.
‘They’re not good at dealing damage but only good at saying alive’ Bruh do you want the game to play the game or do you wanna play the game yourself?
Luthel + Reduvia = Cheat
Where are the gargoyles that I used to defeat Godwrick? Ah, I see they are in the SS tier.
S tier Black knight tiche Latenna Mimic tear Redmane knight Dung eater
I don't like jelly fish
Tieche is #1 idk how it’s even a debate.
I only used Tiche, Mimic and jellyfish. And with certain boss fights (most commonly, in the catacombs where are the most reused bosses in game). Any other boss fight, as a fellow gigachad souls player, kicking boss butts alone 😎
Wolf till you get Mimic.
Obviously someone doesn’t know how to use the jellyfish
Why would you opt to put the warhawk ashes on the list, instead of storm hawk deenh?
Jarrontropo ?
I know that this video is old and i have watched it before. But you forgot to rate Nepheli Loux puppet or you just did not know about her at the time
Luthel is in fucking s tier
I was SUPER DISAPOINTED about rollo, i +10 him and i was disapointed at how low dmg He has, so He is a Tank? Nope not in my game He gets shredded super hard by everything after everything you find after u get him
u missed imps summon
really appreciate your criteria based testing-results
Wait so kristoff the fucking unit is the same as the spinning missing bitch? Terrible list
The time and scientific approach are top notch. I reached for the subscribe button, found you already made something else that got me to click it. Thank you. I came to see if mimic was working how I thought. Check.
*Greatshield Soldier is the BEST for MAGE!*
So im probably late to the party, but honestly i cant stand the jellyfish either. Ever character ive made always works better with the lone wolf ashes until I specifically seek out one of the better ones. Jellyfish always geta killednright away and barely does anybdamage for me even when i have it leveled.
Would be interesting to see rankings based on FP cost and upgrades of special and normal. So melee builds before mimic who don't want to put anything into mind, or very little for some special attacks and faith for incantations can know what's the most efficient for their current FP.
I have summoned the Jelly fish literally...one...time. and that was to get the primal glintstone blade.
@SwanyPlaysGames you missed the giant rat ashes
There are some missing, stormhawk, the giant rats etc..
I would say Black knife and mimic is in a tier of their own, and below them alone in an entire tier is dung eater, and then the rest of them comes below that.
I stuck with my puppies the entire playthrough. They keep bosses off my ass while I do my thing.
Latenna S??? I guess you like her name 😅
This is pointless, because the only one we should be using is mimic tear.
Oleg has carried me through so much
Also, Latenna the Albanauric, if you summon her around dire wolves, she will mount one and not be stationary anymore
New to the game are these usable in PVP ?
I was a brand new eldern ring player, never played a souls game before and was under level, and used the jellyfish to help kill the tree sentinel at the Church when you start the game, Margit and Godrick. Jellyfish the 🐐
Skeletal Militia carried me vs the Big Red Giant - believe it or not. Survived well into phase 2
IMO Greatshield Soldiers are straight up S tier for casters, because you don't really need extra DPS... you just need something that can take hits for you
The three wolves is all I need😂
Rotten stay us good for the rot proc, along with the amulet thay increases attack with rot. Tho same can be said of mimic with rot wep or grease.
People don’t understand about the scarlet rot dog . If he procs rot on the boss the fight is essentially over . The boss will loose health for  3 minutes
My top choice is always Blackflame Monk Amon
Where is finger maiden puppet and jar puppet? Lol
Latenna the albunauric is amazing if used well.
lmao you guy really think jelly fish that good ? it's the worst spirit i ever summon
I’m on my third play through and will be going on my fourth because I accidentally gave Gideon the potion instead of dung eater. I need that summon
jellyfish helped me alot, for me he is S tier!
The jellyfish  fans are wild  😂
My fellow earthling put an idiot bow girl in S tier and lhutel in A What the hell my friend what the hell
Rollo at A tier is a crime.
Hey, we do not know each other but I would like to tell u that despite all the bad that you have done in your life, GOD still loves you and wants you to be with him (GOD), all yoi must do is to trust in Jesus like how he would trust in parachute when jumping out of a plane and you must be willing to turn from your wrong doings and do what is right. 1:25
Nah, not using some pussy summons
Can anyone recommend an ash that can actually sort of make it through Maliketh? Im get my @$$ whooped lol I'm level 200 and took a break to play TotK, so now I feel all "noobish" again.  He just keeps wrecking me.  I can get to the 2nd phase and take him down to about 1/4 health, but then I have no spirit and no heals left. thanks!!!  Edit: I have tiche and mimic fully upgraded.
I have to say, the Fanged Imps are pretty decent for distractions on bosses and crowds. Bleed damage plus a ranged explosion, they can also take a hit pretty well
My wolf ashes absolutely shred bosses bro sometimes I don’t have to lift a finger 😂
jellyfish sucks af
This entire list is wrong. You forgot to mention the BEST of then all, the Jarwight summon. He is best cuz he so powerful and his armor set is very high stats. (This is a joke)
W8 how do you level the spirits?? +1 +2 etc. How do you have a +9?
Bro using jelly fish as a tank and calling it useless 😂. You need to distract the enemy so that jelly fish stays alive whole time
Phantom slash?
This was probibly mentioned but Latenna can also be mobile if shes near a wolf 😊
Even though I agree with most of the picks for this video, I don’t think the test procedure was the best way of deciding the picks.   Spirit summons are meant to fight alongside you. They are not meant to fight alone while you watch, and they are not meant to sprinkle in hits while you get your ass handed to you. The ranged summons are the exception to this, but that’s obvious.
I really like the Flying Marionettes. Their mobility makes them quite tanky while they are an aggro-sponging nuissance to all bosses I had problems with so far. Sometimes they do too much and almost solo a boss with fire bombs but in those cases I probably shouldn't have summoned in the first place.
There should be an ash of rune bear
Crystalian is my personal fav, currently doing a mage run, and it keeps aggro on the bosses well enough that i can blast them from across the room with little risk. just killed the godskin duo in one try because of the crystalian.
What no IMPS?
Jellyfish : from S tier to Ass tier 😁
11:38 I hear Latenna has a hidden ability to mount a direwolf and inbue it with frost breath.
Rat gang rise up!  Rats are great, because they are free to summon and do decent stagger to bosses, but they do have the same weakness as the wolves later in the game.   Really handy spirit for low FP chars that want to use their entire blue bar on their ash of war, but are also unwilling/unable to use mimic.   Oh yeah, and you get more than three of them when you've leveled up their ashes enough; 4 of them at +9, 5 if you go for +10.
Stormhawk Denh I love you even though the world forgot about you!
They should have made each spirit for a certain type of enemy. Basically, Black Knife and Mimic is all I use in ng+. I’m level 706 and have played ng+ too many times to count. It’s such a waste of spirit ashes.
I'm using Engwall for now (still in early game) and he's pretty good at keeping the bosses off my arse while I spam Rock Sling XD Definitely want to get the greatshield boys and Tiche later. But I don't feel ready for Radahn yet.
perfumer carmaan ashes are awesome for close range
you should try stormhawk deenh, he gives you a melee buff and is a good supporter
I never even bothered to use my jellyfish
he didnt do the rat summons 😢
the JELLYFISH is strong WHEN YOU FIGHT ALONG!!!!!!
youre like steve carrel in 40  year old virgin... i cant sell anything!!!!!!!
Jelly fish is d tier because you're  not supposed to watch your so mon fight the boss lol the jelly will poison the boss she YOU fight it
The point of the jellyfish is not the dmg is the tankiness, while the boss is hitting her you can hit the boss without risk, in Early is broken and in late is still usefull with some bosses, if your brain cant understand that the point of the jellyfish is not the dmg 8s not our fault
Need? I do not need any of these.
You should do realistic testing where you're actually helping in the fight and actively defending them. Then we'd actually know which ones are good
missed stormhawk deenh
Good job
After using Dung Eater and wasting a Great Ghost Glovewort for +10, he is EASILY the most C-tier puppet in the game.
Calling half of them “girl” is cringe.
The reason jellyfish is good is not because its great on its own but it can really distract the boss when u need it
Black Knife Tiche Soloed Morgott for me.
Your video's arze very interesting, props 😚.
There is another hawk ash of War you get doing Neilha quest. It's located at beginning of game inside Church
It is absolutely bizarre that you qualify this by testing spirit ashes fighting alone, The spirit ashes will never be fighting alone unless you just stand there it doesn't make any sense to judge them based on how they do on their own.
what do you think about nomad summon  ?
Bro is actually so maidenless he can't use the jellyfish properly...git gud, skill issue, L, ratio....
17:53   19:33    21:18
nah bro ain't no way u put the albinauric above the headless bro she's so useful at her ful potential I've watched her take down boses on her own at lvl 9 obvi minor boses
Well I'm in love with skeleton guys If the boss is not using splash damage than they are fighting for the whole fight)
Great vid! I wanted to give an honorable mention to the Stormhawk Deenh Ashes since they differ from the Warhawk Ashes a bit, with the buff the Stormhawk gives I wonder if it would be around the same level or higher than Warhawk?
How about the Banished Knight Oleg guy is invincible
My first playthrough I used the swordstress and nightwoman for most of the game, inte build. It worked perfectly
Me and my mimic just sit there a spam destined death it make clearing out bosses easier
I beat Radagon/Elden Beast with Mimic. That's a true test of the best of the best. Which ash of war would you take to the Radagon/Elden Beast fight.
The skeleton guys always get killed but in my experience they disappear all the time
The jelly sucks
I'ma be real here most of these things get one shot when I play 👀
Amon monk of black flame??
Not played too long but I like the wolves myself.  Wheres the boss that drops the Zamor gear?
Mimic Tear and Black Knife Tiche were the 2 I went to every time I summoned. The mimic was op when i was using a bloodhounds fang bleed build
When you're playing normally (instead of expecting summons to carry you), a fully upgraded Jellyfish has a huge healthpool, has great range via spit (which applies POISON and usually aggros the boss immediately, leaving you with a free opener), and provides frequent (tanky) distractions. It's not the best summon in the world, but a good player can make great use out of it. Sad to see people ranking it by letting it get absolutely hammered. For that, I'll go watch a "Summons that can solo bosses" video.
do you have the fanged imp
The only summon I need is... oh wait, I don't use summons 🤭
The Great shield Soldier ashes have been one of my go to summons for running dungeons in my playthroughs.  At +10, combined with a health regen spell cast onto them, they are surprisingly durable.  I was farming death roots and they literally got the dungeon boss pinned into the corner of the room about half way through the boss fight.    I was laughing so hard, so it took a little longer to burst it down.
I beat tree sentinel with spells and the marienette duo
where the rats?
I'm so glad you put Jellyfish are D tier. I'm constantly looking at guides for this game and Jellyfish pops up often. It sucks so bad.
Oleg is a good distraction since he has the fast movement skill and the skill were he phases in and out he will last a long time and he's aggressive tho he doesn't do a lot of damage in my testing he usually last longer than even dung eater
No mention of Deenh? Sorta like the warhawk but provides 20% damage buffs as well, a really nice addition for melee users that want to dip their toes in summoning without using summons that feel like cheating
You need to level up your spirits to max level because it not fair for some of your spirits to be max level and some not
For me the jelly fish acted as a sponge for the Boss to hit while I stabbed him from the back a few times.
missing orc summon
The wolves and oleg u want to summon in the overworld on regular enemies bc they’re so aggressive and won’t die from regular enemies and will kill anything u miss, they’re awesome for cleanup crew but luthel and tiche is what you want for actual boss fights bc they actually dodge big boss hits and survive
Wolves are really helpful early game especially agsinst that invisible Black Knight Assassin
Stormhawk Deenh: Am I joke to you?
Thoughts on demi human ashes?
U dumb some of the spirits are for support,u attack they stay on the back and deal dmg in safety
I love dung eater over mimic since i am a a mage. He's a tank and that rancor he got is so good
Stormhawk Deeh at +9 is quite op
Bro the Demi humans are underrated. If you get in there with them it’s like a gang initiation beat down.
The rats cost 0 fp
Kaiden is really good for late game, hes kinda strong and is pretty tanky, he also becomes a poise machine when he buffa himself
That rot dog
I hope we get the TRex dog or the crow as a spirit summon in the DLC
Mimic is still #1 if you have a good build. Mimic tear when you are running a Str-Fai build eith blasphemous blade is actual easy mode
Jellyfish to rule them all
The shield guys are the best summons for mages and ranger builds. They Agro enemies better than any other summon. I’ve seen it tested. No other summon distracts enemies like them and they take time to kill. They won’t win your fight for you. They will get the enemies back to you though repeatedly.
So the BOIZ. You already know its S Tier
I'm rolling with my wolves like I'm Jon Snow!
You called it “that special move”…. Wow.
Mad pumpkin head
i find that lone wolf is only good to cheese rannala. Because they dodge most of her spells, even azure comet. So you can run up and destroy her.
How the f that archer is a tier
The jellyfish is a for sure, its used as a tank and for poisoning
Soldiers of godrick are super underrated
Thanks for all ya time testing these 👍
I used the Demi-humans for most of my first playthrough. They helped a ton because they do pierce, slash, blunt and standard damage and just swarm the enemy. Granted, they are squishy but they can do a crap ton of damage and just destroy those annoying crystallians
Lhutel is SOOOO S tier
Latenna will move if you summon her with wolves around. She will mount one and act like the mounted archers when heading to the haligtree
Where is mad pumpkin head?
I hate to be the one to say this but cristallians are genderless
I was hoping you were going to do the godrick soldier ashes, I used them the whole game even beat Godfrey and Melania with them, them and the archer turret girl. Used the mimic for the the eldin beast and radagon
What about the rats?
Haha well sir. This is your tier list. The jellyfish also provides light, for those that don't want a case of torch hand.  And I admit it's health is pathetic late game.
The summon which is referred to as the turret, is better than depicted. When you summon her around Wolves or the k9 bosses, she will MOUNT THEM!! and continue shooting them from point blank while she is mounted... she is a savage!!!
The giant rats have the best damage output per FP in the entire game. Why aren't they on this list?
agree with the s-tier and btw ogha is like cheating against malenia thank me later what about amon and pumpkinbro? they both a-tier at best but fun to use
No storm hawk deenh? Better than the Warhawks and gives a buff to the player that boosts 20% physical damage and poise damage. It is unique as well so it stacks with every other buff.
Is that bad 😢
Once I got Tiche the rest of the game was trivial.
Jellyfish is the only way I could beat godrick my first playthrough
jellyfish ashes....Last place in the game...number one in our hearts🤣
interesting tier list. Some of these (like mimic) weren't doing great in the video. Some of these are great with melee while others are better for mages/ranged. But thank you for putting a video of them doing what they do. As a mage I think I know what I'm going for (depending on boss fight) in my opinion the more aggressive they are the better but I haven't finished the game yet so idk. If they can keep swinging, they hold aggro, I cast more damage.
The only issue that I have with lhutel is that she is shit at keeping aggro due to the fact that she constantly teleports around, making bosses drop aggro on her.
Dolores is insane against godskins, since they are some of the few bosses that are actually vulnerable to sleep
I’m still using fanged imp at radagon 😂
Jelly fish sucks
nightmaiden and swordstress are friggin carry material if you want to play the game on easy mode and never draw boss aggro then these two are for you
Crystallian can take a lot of his even though she didn't do much damage a tier, shield soldiers tank a lot of damage but don't deal a lot b tier. What is your system?  Then mimic tear can't take any enemy below half health s-tier.
Rotten stray may not be very good, if seen as a summon, but it’s very great as a cheese machine. All you need to do is to be in boss’s face, so it will focus only you, while the dog procs scarlet rot. But the main thing is that the rot lasts for whole 3 minutes, which kill most of the bosses, and leaves the few surviving at minimum hp, so you can easily finish it off
Where's Stormhawk Deehn?
Please don't use DPS when you refere to just damage. There is no such thing as constant DPS because it's damage per second. You can do constant damage and to measure that you would use DPS.
Great post, thank you for the time to set this ranking up. You definitely can't please all the keyboard commandos. 🤏🏻
What about Mad Pumpkin Head ?
Stormhawk Deenh and Finger Maiden Therolina
The only issue with this video is you are not helping the summons. Some of the summons require you to pull agro so they can do what they are there to do. Like the jelly fish. It is not there to tank, it is there to DoT. But it cannot do that if you just sit and watch. Seems like you are ranking them based on their ability to straight up solo a boss. Kind of a bad way to play the game, to just summon and watch.
I'm a big fan of the imp ashes for their bleed and ai. They run in and out of fights and have a decent instinct for self preservation.
I'm amazed at how early you get the wolves because of how good they are for SO long. Even in the late game I found myself still using them because they are so sporadic and take the focus of the boss that I could kill the boss before they would die. They suck if you want them to kill the boss all on their own, but they make for a great team.
Not always super useful, but some moderately leveled demi-human ashes (+4) just absolutely wrecked phase 2 of Rennala. Super aggressive and fast, tanky enough she couldn't take them out easily, and they just kept her perpetually staggered so she could barely get off a spell. They don't do enough damage, but if you just need time to cast rock sling or get in a backstab, they're great for that particular fight.
My favorites on the list were the night maidens and Tiche. Not in the list were the pumpkinhead dude and the depraved perfumer. The perfumer could heal himself and had some great AOE abilities. His survivability was pretty incredible. The Pumpkinhead soldier, at the time I acquired him, was easily the beefiest tank I’d ever acquired. Not easy to always get the guy to attack the boss, but when he did gain agro, his Hp was fantastic, and he could do a pretty severe amount of damage.
Best 3 cheap spirit ashes for melee build- 1. Mimic tear 2. Latenna archer 3. Godrick soldiers
ACESTRIAL
The jelly fish is absolute garbage. I literally never used it.
Now the only problem I have with this tier list is some of these guys are wayyyyy better when you're involved too. The black knife honestly is s tier when you let it go but when you draw agro from the boss it misses a lot. And in the same sense the jellyfish is really really good when you draw agro while it's summoned. For anything weak to poison and stagger the jelly fish is an easy choice it's tanky and distracts just enough for healing or dealing a fatal blow.
dude the archer isn't s tier at all lhutel is a higher dps ranger unit and how dare you put the crystal hoe above cleanrot or any other unit her dps is ass
The Headless Knight is my favorite and I use her almost 100% of the time. But I don't use spirits to win the fight for me I use them to draw aggro and give me a chance to get in critical hits and to heal.   I don't understand how you put Latennav who can't move and only does range at S but  Lhutel The Headless at A who can do both range and melee and at level 9 can survive any fight. Since leveling up Lhutel to +10 she will survive fights I get killed in.   I don't know man. I gotta strongly disagree.
It's weird how you would say multiple spirits were only okay on some situations but would put one on B and the other in C. What's up with that?
Where is the Pumpkinhead ash?😵
U started off good but then.... Like what
I'm not playing a mage build so my lack of fp doesnt allow me to cast those overpowered summons XD
Wait he's missing some what about the imps?
Where are the Demihuman?
Dude the shield boys are 100% the best summon. If they ain't tanking dmg their stun locking the crap out of em
The 5 skeltons with great shields are amazing.  They tank like champs and aggro the heck out of the enemy.
Jellyfish is S TEAR
Was hoping to see the storm hawk
kristoff is easily the best
Latenna is my favourite summon, for all the reasons you listed and one more. Her FP cost is TINY, I think only 74 IIRC. She and the mimic are pretty much the only two summons I use on any melee build.
FUCK THAT - JELLYFISH S TIER!!! p.s. Great video - you really helped my make the decision to either get the dung eater or the other summon for my first play thru p.s.s - too many in A tier, the first summon should be "B" tier and the third as well. The Crystal girl & maso soldiers summon should be "C" tier. As u said she was situational and if they have a hard time even getting aggro, that is a huge negative, all the others i agree
Greatshield soldiers are easily A, if not S tier for supporting any build with decent damage output.
Again! Jellyfish is THE BEST spirit. Its just not made to fight alone like in your tests :)
Bloudhound is terribly low on the list
This list is awful because it’s purely looking at ashes in a 1v1 capacity which is… not what most ashes are used for
Depraved Purfumer, and Dung Eater are the best beyond the Mimic ashes.
Video seemed long at first but as much information as you got packed in there it was worth it
I had no idea we could level up the spirit summon. How do we upgrade them?
I'm not impressed with your tier list. Ashes aren't supposed to solo encounters and you completely neglected factoring in fp cost. Jellyfish is waaaaay better than you give it credit for too. It's amazing at pulling aggro from across the room and letting you get in a few backstabs while the boss walks to the jellyfish. Then you back off and let the jellyfish get aggro again. If the boss reaches the jellyfish it's tanky enough to handle it. I've done whole fights not taking damage because I can ping pong the enemy between me and trusty. Plus it poisons, plus you get it  early, plus the fp cost is negligible  Ashes should be dropped lower on the tier list if you can't get them until late game too- an Ash you don't have access to is worthless
The Jellyfish should be at least B. It doesn't do much damage, but it's rather bulky so it keeps bosses occupied while you wail on them. And it's a cheap summon so it can fit into practically any build and still leave enough FP for strength builds to use their abilities
No skeletal bandit?
Fanged Imp???
I never used spirit summon. I defeated every boss solo with a level 1 weapon. Nor did I use ashes of war, they are too powerful. I am an old school dark souls player and I...  ..just kidding, I used the s**t out of that mimic tear.
Best souls game fr
We stan black knife tiche.
Just got the pumpkin head, haven't heard anything about him yet
I refuse to even pick the spirit bell up anymore.
Bro you're fishist, not cool, not ducking cool at all!  I'm contacting the authorities.
Mimic tear is good because I have a bleed build so it’s really easy to get bleed
I love when creators just straight up admit “yeah my last video blew up. I want more views, I’ll do it again.”  Keep that grind set
Mimic doesnt do shit in my game. :( Im play as a mage, but I also have astel wing and darkmoon sword.
At 16:59 a car crashed through the front of my neighbors house. It’s absolute carnage out front and people were doing cpr on the driver when I went outside. Still came back for the tier list tho
West windmill pasture killed a giant rat & got the giant rat summons. summons 3 giant rats.
Where are my fellow rat enjoyers :(
the hawk distracts you too while fighting bad cause its kinda noisy and unpredictable
skeleton soldiers are worst tier bad af
make the mimic tear fat and make it tank i made the same
i maxed luthel. was decent but not as good as its said
great shield soliders are little funny guys thtas the best of them
the banished knight with two swords makes more damage and its more agrresive maybe
Rotten spray killed margit and godfrey via DPS.
+10 mimic tear and the world just opens up..
While the jellyfish isn't my favorite, the methodology in this video kind of does it some injustice. The point of the jellyfish is to draw aggro from the boss in order to give the player more openings to heal and attack, not for the summon itself to deal damage. It works especially well for this due to it's large pool of health relative to many other summons.
For me the Avionette soldiers work really well, also i like using the perfumer just to get the shield that allows me to tank one hit for free. (im playing a strength build with lionclaw so i can hyperarmor through one hit with that and deal massive damage)
can i ask what armor set you're using in this video? really like the look of it
mimic is best by miles, if you think otherwise then your build is shit
So all the late game ashes are high tier and the early ones are low tier? Hmmm….
You don’t have to jump through any hoops to get the Dung Eater, you get Seluvis’ potion then give it to him after 1 seedbed curse…how is that “jumping through a lot of hoops?”
It’s almost like some of these were designed to work with the player character and not by themselves….odd….
The Lone Wolf versus Rennala is straight up broken…like wow…hopefully the devs don’t realize how trivial that fight becomes with the Lone Wolves.
Mad Pumpkin Head spirit summons isn't on your list. It's a tank that does a lot of damage at soloing bosses.
I greatsword user summon latenna to do dmg but in end she tanks bosses just long enough for me to backstab them
Jelly has good amount of health and a range attack that retargets your enemies which makes me like her.
Kaiden sellsword ashes are so damn tanky especially early game and the Stormhawk Deehth is actually surprisingly good too
mimic tear is my favorite since all i do is summon as many allies as possible and whack the boss
B tier is actually the "you have to play the game instead of expecting the ash to do the job for u" tier
Having used the Jellyfish, I think the issue is that it's tier is based on how well it does on it's own. Jellyfish is a pretty decent tank and is good as a support spirit. It's good for players who want to use spirits but want a more active role in the fight.
Mad pumpkin head is never their 😢
Went to the bathroom watching this and I came back and was dead in elden ring. Ran back for my runes and accidentally jumped off. Cliff. Goodbye 13million runes 😭😭
The point of Rotten Stray is not to act as a secondary fighter. The point of Rotten Stray is to apply a scarlet rot debuff that is about 3x as strong as whatever you can apply.
Redmane Ogha is honestly a summon you can use against Malenia. The only issue is he CANNOT get into melee vs Malenia. If you can keep aggro he will supply you with free knockdowns.
Jellyfish did cheese Margit but haven't used it since I got Raya lucaria soldiers then moved to Oleg once fp was high enough
IMO lettera is one of the best. She solo’d Astro for me and she can take a lot of damage while doing a lot of damage
I think you forgot Stormhawk Deenh
Cool test!
jelly fish is good if you help her realy 😅
you know what"s absolutly OP with the mimic tear ? Infinite MP....You put on a mage staff, your most monstruous spell, summon it and switch to a melee or tank outfit and watch it MELT bosses by spamming the spell
I've always really liked the Ancestral Follower because of how annoying they were when I wandered into their territory early on. He was the first I level definitely situational but always useful.
My maxed mimic tear casually tanking the serpent boss I forgot the name of all the way to the end with half hp left still
you missed the point of the jellyfish, which is to draw aggro and poison enemies. she is a summon that is meant to ASSIST you, not to dps a boss.
First time I fought the mimic boss I died 3 times! I was overpowered & that damned mimic was way better using my skills set than me😂 When I got it’s spirit ashes, decided to level up & use it & boy!!! melting down hard bosses with a bit of help from me here & there 😅
Jawright puppet is one of my favorites ..solid.. solid support
Where is the rat pack????
Idk why anyone would ever use anything other than Wandering Nobles, but ok.
can you heal the mimic tear with the incantation that heals you and your allies? please someone let me know if you know the answer I really appreciate it
I just recently got the game and everything I've been grinding for and I love are all patched that's all im hearing from every video I watch and im so mad I should've preorder this game like I wanted I fucking love this game more than I thought I would. like I just got the mimic tear and now im hearing they are patched like u telling me they were stronger than this that's crazy I wish I could've experienced that
You forgot about the imps  They're great for a starting summon as they do good bleed and have good range.
I use the jellyfish as a bait and I have to say it works great
For some reason I never messed with the Jellyfish spirit. After a couple uses I disliked how slow it was so never used it since
Battle mage does nearly no damage in my experience.
What about the goblins
Where is my boy Stormhawk Dehnn😢
Yo TF ma  man. Jelly fish is OP not cuz of its dmg but it can stay longer to distract bosses allowing us to get some hits. Its and easy S tier.
The mimic tear is really only as good as your character/equipment
It's a shame summons were nerfed. The Mimic was literally able to 1v1 bosses when the game first launched. Black Knife Tiche was also very powerful.
I used a wolf on my first boss and lost twice. Then I used the jelly fish and won.
I did an entire playthrough with both Engvall and Oleg and personally have to say Oleg does better. Engvall seems a bit derpy and tends to just stand and stare at enemies. Oleg is definitely the bigger badder brother.
Hey how do you do that stab move when enemies are on their knees or staggered? Nice videos btw thanks
I feel this tier list is a bit biased. Not every summon is meant to 1v1 bosses or even fight bosses. So having them fight only bosses and just on their own is just a bit dumb. To make a fair tierlist, you need more variety in experiments rather just testing for one use.
what About the radhan Soilder
Makes no sense how the stationary archer summon is S tier when in this video she's doing very little Damage.
I think you are analysing Jellyfish in the wrong way. Jellyfish acts as a tank and can poison enemies. So many players just wait for the boss to get poisened and then keep running until the boss is dead.
There's more to testing and that's  esthetics. Okay some do extremely well solo but you know do the fit the your game play style
Imp ashes
I’d put Black Knife Tiche on top. Her damage is completely percentage based so she does big damage to every boss, she jumps around a lot making the boss punish her for running away constantly leaving them open. She also has lots of health, and the ability to dodge very far, very quickly.
It's fun how the summons have their niche. Some are support, some are ranged dps, some are melee dps and some are tanky and which one you pop out depends on what you're planning to do. It's crazy how even now the mimic tear is just head and shoulders above the rest since it's AI will use all the OP consumables, heals and spells and simply attack non stop.
Yeah I didn’t really play the game till Ng+. Black Knife Tiche played the first run through for me.
Stormhawk Deenh isn't too shabby. Not S tier or anything! Latenna so far is my favorite though I did just get mimic tear. But latenna sometimes I hide her away and let her do the work. She's an absolute eagle eye with her bow! That being said have not tried mimic tear out just upgraded to +3 and now gonna go give it a try! Thank you for your time and effort you put into your videos! I recently started a channel almost at 350 subs woohoo 😂! But I know and understand the grind you go through making a video like this. So it's much appreciated and definitely subbing to you! Have a wonderful day!
take a look at the perfumer carman idk really well the name but he is insanely op
u are still missing a lot of summons tho ...
The mimic is the only S-Tier in the game. So much better than any other ash, it's in a tier of its own.
I actually like the fact that the mimic tear takes HP instead of FP because I'm not a mage lol
mimic tear is SSSSSS tier
Mimic tear is top tier.
I like to use the Fanged Imp spirits
Skeletons summon is the best
Damn it…I should of given the potion to dung eater than Gideon. Do you even get anything good if you complete dungeater’s questline?
Not seeing it on the list, but the Skeletal Bandit is pretty decent. It can tank the boss, die, then come back to life so long as you draw the bosses agro. It can really allow for some easier fights
Jellyfish in real life are very overpowered, so jellyfish in Elden ring are also, very overpowered.  Just imagine a horseshoe crab summon.
You forgot storm Hawk dahin
What about pumpkinhead? ):
on NG+5 and the jelly fish ashe was used in none of my play thru. It is just the worst ever. I don't know why people like it but I couldn't care less about this ashe. Absolutely useless. Can't stress that enough.
What about the demi-human spirit summon?
No livingjar :’(
Great Video! Bravo Good Sir! What about the "Wandering Nobles" Spirit Ash? To me it seems on par with a D-Tier but I haven't seen it leveled up yet so I'm wondering if it's a diamond in the rough... 🤔🤣
Just got mimic tear and boy it’s amazing 😻
Jellyfish is so bad, I almost didn’t use summons because it seemed so useless.
Nice job and very useful but honestly you also need to consider how early in the game you can get particular summon and how useful it is through the game. Pretty sure on that scale JF and pack of wolves are in god tier.  Simply matching early game summon to late game bosses is not fair assumption.
I used the jellyfish once in my play through . Completely useless 😂😂😂
Jellyfish is best to sit back and snipe while you fight, as it does take a few shots to start the poison
You didn't include the Demi Human ashes which are available early on in the  Impaler's Catacombs in the weeping peninsular, a bit like the wolves but there are five of them and they are fun to use, thanks for the great videos
Luthel on A tier... That's insane man. S tier all the way. He never died on me.
Nice 👍
I'd say the Banished Knights are nearly S tier. First summon I had that could clear most groups of enemies and can distract bosses while also doing some serious damage themselves
I didnt even know Jellyfish was a fan favorite I just enjoyed using to due to it being a tanky nuisance for bosses, I also use wolves for bosses that are terrible at crowd control
They were different levels
I think the imps are pretty good there at like the choosing your character part
Jelly fish is great for taking agro, otherwise the damage sucks
Everybody is still sleeping on the Battlemage Heughes in my opinion
Finlay is more supportive since she buffs you when you summon her
I love my jellyfish 🥺❤️ great for poisoning field bosses
Some one needs to teach this guy that you can un summon a summon.
I never you can use them to help you with boss. I made it all the way to snow mountain and just found out..
Soldiers of raya lucaria?
12:23 I realize the boss was tracking her teleport but for a second it looks like the boss swapped to you and attacked then she teleported in like piccolo saving gohan
Ohh solaire u will be missed
I'll have to disagree with Lhutel. She is easily an S.
Latenna was what made Carian Manor possible for me. She stunned the hands enough for me to kill them, genuinely would not have made it through without her.
you could also put the talisman on that draws aggro to see how long it takes them to ko
Rats???
I wish the jellyfish became 2 jellyfish after you found it’s sister
Jellyfish felt decent in early game because of its general tankiness and serves as a decent distraction.  I frequently alternated it with the wolf pack, as they were very aggressive and dealt with multiple targets well, but there were many cases where they were be knocked out in one or two hits from AoE, which made them less situationally valuable.  Once you get some of the stronger summons later it's hard to justify going back to either, but they're classics for sure!
Latenna, Tiche and Mimic, the rest is useless 😀
Wandering nobles are surprisingly not useless
:( no kaiden warrior?
I thought the point of the jellyfish was that it causes the boss to mostly ignore you and focus on the spirit
Can someone tell me what the deal is with where and where you cannot use them? Are they only for bosses
Skellys aren't meant for DPS, they are more a distraction.   The reanimation allows them to keep messing with adds to get them off you. Also, if you are going to rank them then you need to properly group them by category first, then effectiveness. Types of Summons are Attack (melee/range)/ Defense (Tanks that aggro) / CC & Support (interupts, stuns, slows, etc)
Bro am a samurai level 175 and am using mimic tear. Weapon uchigatana +21 with bloody slash, and its so funny when i use the mimic tear, he keeps bloody slashing the boss and kills them quick on his own and he also uses armaments strengthening like cold, lightening, blood, rot, pretty much everything i got in my inventory🤣🤣🤣
I found out this imaginary AI is a guuuurl! So not as cool as I thought. But here's this other guuuuuuurl, so im a nice guy.
never even tried the jellyfish because I knew it would suck.
Just thinking of all the jellyfishers finally getting their D-tier mention XD
Me when no black flame monk Amon 😢
You kinda forgot the giant rat ashes which are kinda op since they don’t have fp cost but the nice thing is that as you upgrade them more will be summoned
Jellyfish nooooooo  Jellyfish is love Jellyfish is life
tishe is the best
This was a pretty bad video. What you should've done is get agro of the boss without attacking and timed what the spirits do over a certain amount of time. So say 1 summon does 1/4 health in a minute and one does 1/8 health in a minute. Instead you used the summons for what they aren't supposed to be used for and instead of judging them on their damage or skills you're purely judging them on their tanking ability and dodging ability.
The Greatshield Soldiers get so high rated because of a very specific niche use. They are INCREDIBLY effective at fighting Malenia, as long as the player is aggressive. With them, if you also attack fast enough, Malenia will pretty much get sent immediately to phase 2 without even fighting back.  But it's VERY specific and Niche, that's basically the ONLY fight where they are one of the best picks.  But even in that fight they are a huge double edged sword, because if you can't use them to successful stun lock her to death, she basically heals to max HP instantly because she has so many targets lol.
Edit : iirc the red-eyed ones fight differently than other summons. They just go apeshit the whole time. It's like those Demi-humans who go red-eyed and feral.  I also think testing these summons by having them fight on their own and only against bosses doesn't always do them much justice as you'll always be fighting with them and managing aggro. Some shine when fighting in the overworld or packs of enemies. The glass cannons would do well if you manage the aggro efficiently and the battlemage is excellent in tandem with you because you'll stagger shit a lot if he hits them with that hammer right as you're hitting the boss multiple times.   Lastly, the jellyfish shit was probably just people trolling. If you would've responded with a joke in kind, like putting it at S tier becauze it demolished the final boss by itself, it would've sealed the deal on your video being S-tier lmao. She's S-tier in out hearts.
They should just make a summon that summons summons
As a SORC, I respecced to use MIMIC. I was not disappointed and figured out the alternating gear use pretty quickly. This thing is pretty bad ass, nerf or not. I got it after nerf so don't know what Im missing. However, going to try out the other S tier as well. Having a personal tank is damn useful for a Sorc.
Tiers reminded me of Nico Leonard. God tier!
What my lovely Jellyfish on D rank  😮
Greatshield soldiers are my favorite they are funny and they wont let any humanoid move 😂
StormHawk Deenh > War Hawk    ...the stormhawk constantly buffs you while being much more acrobatic (yet still aggressive) so that it survives longer
lol jellyfish is weak foe
I get that Lhutel phasing in and out losing aggro can be unhelpful, but she's been great for me in early or mid game just because she lasts a decent amount of time and is a good distraction while doing decent damage
You should take the hits while using the jellyfish
You haven't talked about Stormhawk Deenh
Where'd the other hawk? I love hawky
Yeah, so no one's gonna talk about how the storm hawk ashes aren't included? they're like A-S tier
Nepheli Loux??
The Rotten stray got me through the boss right before the capitol
No Fanged Imps ? you can get them as a starting item and they do bleed and magic(pots) damage(by the looks of the blue explosions)   I used them 95% of the time until I got the Mimic tear, the other 5% being testing, cause surly they can't be this good. I guess it could be because I use a bleed weapon 85% of the time, so their and my bleed stacks... but still.  Edit/PS: The Bloodhound Knight was a pain to use out in the open, doesn't follow you unless he aggros.
I like the video, but it does seem a bit biased on account of the Fromsoft multiplayer mindset. Spirits aren't players, so you shouldn't really judge them on whether they can shortcut you through a boss like you might expect a player to in other souls games. That said, Rot-Boy is Best-Boy.
I think some of your results are weird cause you're tiering these not taking into account that Spirit summons are supposed to work in tandem with the player.  Jelly is terrible on her own but if you play with the aggro she's pretty okay. She's bulky and she poisons the enemy.
I personally think tiche sucks...yeah she's aggro and has the effect but I summoned her for maliketh, malenia, radagon. And even the basic ancestor spirit boss and she died within the 1st 20 seconds of the fight overall great list
dolores makes godskin duo a joke
The pack of rats spirit ash is annoying.  At least for me when exploring I’ll summon them to fight an enemy and they’ll spawn around a distant enemy that I might not even be able to see so the only way I know they spawned is their health bar going down.  A little tankier than the wolves though I think, I’ll give them that.
Dolores doesn't miss that much her shoots when you are actually fighting a boss ... and she is not supposed to solo them anyway. Is just a support that puts enemies to sleep. Also, as every archer, in a real fight they have the advantage that when the fat boss slowly walks towards her, meanwhile you can throw him some moons or something. I mean is Ok if it is not SSS tier, but I think she is much much better than the wolves and the rotten dog.  Also, why is not there the standard magician from the academy? He is my fav, because it was one of the few I had xd But stills deals a decent amount of damage and have a nice amount of health. He also does erudition headbutts :D
Well damnit well!!!
Latenna is at most B tier shes stationary, has low health, low resistance and low damage, you probably only tested this spirit once but I've tested all of them several times and latenna is pretty bad against most bosses.
I had no idea you could even level up summons. 😳
I want to know what the rank for the other ashes you get from giving npcs the potion are.
I'm doing a playthrough as a quality dex build (Bloodhound's Fang) and I've been using Stormhawk Deenh, first time I've ever upgraded ashes and let me tell you something, this birb is so fucking good if you're a melee player! Sure, it doesn't steal boss aggro away from you, but it's an absolutely amazing support summon, it gives you a buff every minute or so that gives you a 20% damage increase! And more often than not, if you're in range it'll use the buff as soon as it wears off too! As well as that it has some long ranged attacks and the chip damage is pretty decent, it can also be such an annoyance for groups of enemies too since they can't hit it as it flies around, and its ranged attack can hit multiple enemies, it also has general claw and peck attacks or whatever which aren't amazing, but just being able to survive as long as it can while also giving you a great damage buff is amazing! Oh, did I mention it only costs like 45FP to use it too? The only time I'm getting rid of it is when I finally get to Mimic Tear lol.
im new to the channel, and need to search for an updated version.. the Jarwright ashes ("Let Me Solo Her" Ashes from Celivus) arent here.. neither is StormHawk Dheen (Church of Anticipation second visit)
idk why people love Jellyfish, it´s ass
Wolves Were dying too fast in my fight for Moonveil, better cheese Redahn and bring in Mimic
Deenh is great, doesn't feel as cheesy as other spirits because it's still you doing most of the damage, but now it's 20% more.
Spirits aggro onto anything you attack, so mausoleum soldiers isn't likely to face problems in actual gameplay
Ashes that include multiple entities are inherently betterat keeping aggro off you
don't spirit summons cahnge power based upon your character's stats ? If so, then this video is half pointless.
for late game in general, what would you have between Black Knife Tiche, Latenna the Albinauric and Mimic tear..?
Yo you forgot the pumpkin head ashes...
You can make a better Dung Eater by  using the Mimic. Max out the sword of Milos and dual wield it. Have the full omen armour and regal omen bairn. The mimic will spam that.
This list should account for overall usefulness instead of pure damage output. The jellyfish for example is super helpful because they are tacky as hell and draw the enemy’s attention, allowing the PLAYER (yk, the one actually playing the game) breathing room to do damage.
Jellyfish is not "a fighter" it's more like a support spirit. It has a lot of HP and it can preety much poison and take lots of hits while you're jumping and draining the bosses health. It's crazy how many mini boss don't attack Jellyfish but let it poison them
Tku!
Tiche kinda carried me through every boss fight mid to late game. She hasn't died once. I used wolves prior to that and always had to run for my life cause they either wouldn't start attacking for a long ass time or just die quickly. Hated them. Gonna try Rollo now.
I’m curious how you’d rank them in pve areas
Stormhawk Deenh! My boy was disrespected😭
Against some bosses, Tieche at +10 makes me feel like a Jellyfish summon... and I'm almost at level 125 😅
The jellyfish shines when you fight too, its a supportive spirit
I just found Radahn Soldier Ashes. Is that any good?
I always considered the jellyfish to be like a tank. Its damage is shit but it doesnt get one-shot by everyone and their uncle.
check for my comment at the top 10 best vid
Cursed blood ritual pot for the agro…or am I missing something?
Thanks to Tiche I was able to just wreck Malenia. She kept knocking her down and draining her health so that was super. Tiche is best girl ❤️
My mimic almost solo “placidoux” just using blafemic sword, im lvl 705
A tier feels right for Lhutel. Really balanced summon. Got me to Radagon before i switched her out for Tiche
I've never summoned a spirit, find it kind of cheating. I didn't mind the npc at some boss battles that like help out, i usually used them as decoy when i needed to step aside and heal if the boss gets into that infinite stamina frenzy but otherwise I want to defeat the boss myself, that's the point of the game, good equipment and levelling management.
I wish they would add more ashes of monsters we fought Like imagine an ash of the lion that you fought in stormveile castle or the giant big mamas that filled lyndel sewers or even the lava giants the one with the bow and the other
Is there a way to get the dung eater ash if you gave the potion to somebody else? Like, can you buy him later?
The 5 shield skeletons were my favorite early game they were so tanky
nice one😶‍🌫
tip for those in low levels runs  the Marionette summons are underrated these guys +1 melt Renalla 2 phase in seconds. The arrows interrupt every move she try to do works on every boss that don't wear heavy armor
@SwanyPlaysGames update for Soldjar of fortune and rat ashes?
You missing raytta 3 man team
Bro testing these as 1v1s on bosses is basically pointless. You have summons for support not for soloing content.
Winged misbehotten anyone have any opnio. Of them ?
I don't get the concept of the spirit summon "doing damage". Isn't that what you are there for, or do you want to make this just a spectator sport. The main purpose is diversion. That's why I use the Greatshield Soldiers more than anything.
no godrick soldiers ashes?
Latenna can also ride wild wolves.
I love ashes that provide multiple allies. The wolf pack and the shield bros are amazing. I also like the sword maiden puppet
Fun fact about Redmane Knight Ogha, if you use the ash of war "war cry" near him, he roars as well, increasing his attack damage by 20% and he does a rain of gravity arrows similar to Radan's, but only once per summon. You can keep using war cry to temporarily increase his attack, just he cannot reuse his arrow rain ability per summon. Unlike most summons, Redmane Knight Ogha patrols the area of being summoned if all enemies in his line of sight are vanquished. This can be very useful to maintain offense against enemies even if you are far away, unlike summons like Lhutel the headless who follows you instead of attacking if you move farther away. However, the downside is that he cannot escort you through areas or fight bosses such as the tibet river guy since he teleports away out of eyesight.
You’re supposed to use the jelly fish too tank it dose not do much dps but it tanks and then you can hit the enemy from behind
Everybody acts like they love the Jelly, they're a bunch of 'nappers. Got their loved ones chained where they're "safe."  Give that poor girl back to her sister creeps.
What about the rats?
You forgot the fanged imp ashes
Several of these summons are dramatically more effective if the player is actually PARTICIPATING in the battle 😂
First ashes i ever used was lone wolf 🐺
I would rank the Mad Pumpkin head a B or C tier, yes he's beefy and does bleed damage but he's way too slow and miss his target like a lot and when he gets hit by fire he freaks out and slam his head to the ground without looking where he's going, he may not hurt you when he's nearby when he slams on the ground but he can still knock you back, yes he can takes lots of punishments but he doesn't do much for me and the fact he can knock you back even with 0 damage is very annoying, yes he can solo godrick the grafted and Magrit the Fell Omen but other than that, in late game bosses, he can't catch a cold, let me know about your opinion in that one
Uhhh Lhutel the headless is super S+ tier because she can solo almost all the bosses until late game. Once you have her you don’t need any other ashes until the mimic.
Good video in theory but I’m confused as to who this is for? This tier list is meant to be objective I guess because when Most people play they don’t just sit back and let the spirit ash fight 1v1. Which is why most people myself included like the Rotten stray and Jellyfish because when swapping Argo they become much more powerful. Just a critique
Amon’s black flames are a great counter for Malenia’s healing, even when he gets hit. Easy S for me.
I can't believe you didn't mention the Raya lucarian knights. I use them all the time and they are pretty damn good. They are my go to ash.
Dude the jellyfish sucks ass I used it once to fight Margit and it sucked even then so I switched to the wolves, who are way better than the retarded ass jellyfish. I don't understand why people are so into the jellyfish, it sucks.
The Jellyfish ashes are Great for Beating Margit😡
Yup
Shoulda dismissed the spirit before she pwned the boss 😆
The jellyfish is great but situational, I think. I couldn't beat Godrick with my blood mage until I used Jelly. My wolves weren't doing it.
wait, luthel is a she?
Where are rge demi human spirits
With what you said about the warhawk I thought you xould put it a rank A but..... No rank B....Why ? Still better than some of the rank A you just setted before
I got headless and ancient warrior so far. What’s better
For anyone wondering, Nepheli is easily A+ tier. She has physical and lightning damage with huge hyper armor combos that whale on anything she's next to.
I wish the Miranda sprout summons were rotted or enchanted. I love plants, but they gave us the worst option 😭
FWIW, I've found the Avionette Soldier ashes (available early game) work well against the Tree Spirits & Erdtree Avatars. They toss fire pots which melt HP of the tree bosses.
Wait you can level em up?
Thank you so much this is a good list for me. I love the mimic as I do not have all of them as yet but will try to get some others.
i dont think there is another s tier ash besides Mimic or Tiche
I so agree about the Jellyfish! Even early game I don't think they're nearly as a good as other summons you can get. Everyone kept telling me that they tank really well.... but they don't... like at all.
The marionette soldiers are no joke, they were my go-to for the biggest part of the game till i got tishe, they MELTED Malenia, Mohg, Morgott, ANY dragon, and all mini bosses, not to mention tree spirits/avatars, they’ve such good backlines, all i had to do was draw the agro and they just SPAMMED damage, they would regularly deal a couple thousands with one volley of arrows purely because they’re not agro-d or staggered lol
When i started the game, i told myself to not use casual spirits (it wasn’t influenced by anyone, i just wanted so). That was until i saw one specific spirit I fucking love Oleg. I laughed so hard when i saw his name so i promised myself to use him to the end of the game. In russia Oleg is a normal name so imagine if you found a spirit named Jimmy or Joey Not only he is useful enough to feel his impact in the battle, he is as weak to be just a great helper, his tankiness is amazing
So I’ve been using redmane knight ogha and he just sucks when the map is big and just starts walking around lost af do not use this summon he is bugged or something i used him for the fire giant and a couple of others nad he does get lost :/
your lack of vigor hurts my soul
I use jellyfish and I’m level 150 -_-
Honestly the Jelly probably deserves at least a C or B since it pulls aggro and can do it from range. Not to mention it has a decent amount of health and is one of the first ashes you can get. So if the measure of the summon is based on damage dealt then it deserves a D, but early game it is one of the best.
The spirit ash summons are much more aggressive, if you also have Mohg's Rune activated.
U forgot Kaiden, twin visage and mad pumpkin patch ashes
But jellyfish pretty good tank early game
U should use shabriris woe talisman it helps keep aggro on u, so i can test the spirits better
Bro, the jellyfish is not supposed to solo a boss lmfao, you testing method is weird because some summons shine better as a support. Its supposed to make the boss change targets sometimes and poison a boss you are having a hardtime making it easier to kill. Jellyfish is not op but its a great summon that wont get in ur way during a fight.
The jellyfish keeps bosses in the same general location. It's only good when you fight with it.
Good thing about faith build was when you got the Erdtree Heal or something, near end of the game, it heals the summons alot, when the heals you get before that don't really heal full buffed mimic tear that much since it has so much HP but erdtree heal heals like 1/3 of it's health with proper setup
JELLY JELLY IN 1° PLACE
Not claiming he's S tier but still curious to ear about Stormhawk Deehn.
Jellyfish is only goated because it procs poison
Hate to say you're wrong, but the nightmaiden and swordstress are S tier for sure. They work incredibly well in most scenarios with multiple builds with their versatility and survivability. Good damage, combos, tank damage do to avoiding and the fact there are two of them trading the agro. Also they cast nightmaiden mist, which is an INCREDIBLE  spell. For context on why this is good: It is essentially an AoE constant damage, and when you use it only one cloud of mist can be out at a time. When you attempt to cast it again the other cloud disapears to where only one can be out at a time...UNLESS you use this spirit ash! Big/slow enemies get eaten alive, and since it doesn't friendly fire on your spirits, it's free damage. You can literally let them do melee and sit back and cast all you want. To finish, I have to say that (even though it is incredible for every build) this is probably the best ash for mages. So much damage, incredibly safe from agro, nightmaiden mist stacking, etc. OP fr.
When I fought Godrick the Grafted.. I first used my wolves (didn't have or use other summons at the time). But they got slaughtered... Then I started using my ultimate summon, the Jellyfish and believe it or not, I won inmediately! But I never used it again afterwards :p haha (I felt like sharing this Jelly story with you all)
I'm sorry, but i clicked this expecting opinions on EVERY spirit summon.
3 puppets are missing
Please learn some new words...ffs sake I had to turn the volume off halfway through it because the guy only has a 2 word vocabulary...boss and really...
The pack of wolves are actually really useful when fighting groups of enemies in the open field, and the amount of chaos they can create is hilarious to watch
FYI it's pronounced "Tie-key", not "Tish". It's a Greek name.
You forgot THE RATS
Thank you for taking the time and setting up these tests. That must have been a lot of work.
Why not do all of them ?
One thing I wanna mention for Ogha is that if you use any kind of War Cry he will do the same, get a brief buff, and fire an arrow rain with his bow if he has it out
How funny would it be I'd the mimic tear could use the mimic tear due to it being in you Inventory 😂😂😂
Blackflame Monk Amon is pretty good 👍
In all the testing I've done Lhutel the Headless has never performed that well. She spends more time teleporting than attacking and both her damage and "tankiness" are too low. By FP cost she's supposed to perform around the same as Oleg and Engvel but from what I've seen those two just perform better for slightly less FP.
Premise: this comment is not meant to hate on you The reason the jellyfish sucked in the fights is that it's not meant to fight bosses on its own, unlike some summons can do, it should be used as support. Everyone praises it (including me in some ways) because it's awesome at doing constant damage at a boss while the boss is focusing on the player or on a summoned ally. Some summons can do 1v1 vs bosses, but in general they aren't meant to do so, and this should be kept in mind while using them. Again, this is not a comment meant to hate on you, I think you are a great youtuber, I just wanted to point that out
justice for jellyfish
Black knight is tough, he can put down most of the bosses
Lhutel is my go to summon when I start a toon. Shes quality. Also she reminds me of the black knight from monty python. Talked so much sh*t someone decapped her. And she kept on going
The archer he showed off belongs in c tier. Did no damage.
You missed my buddy duo, the soldiers of Godrick ash of war.
Thank you for being honest about the jellyfish. I almost got memed into significantly upgrading it wondering at what point it was actually going to be useful.
It misses the goblin ashes. Anyway great work! Well done ! 👍
Great content, but unfortunately kind of a generalized assessment of the summons. There are too many variables to take into account when grading the usefulness of each spirit, and as such it is too hard to judge each of them based off of their performances when fighting a boss. Variations in health pools, poise, attack patterns, fp cost, and different damage types will make each stand out or fail in very different ways depending on the numerous circumstances given to the player. Weeks of our lives would go up in smoke if we ever endeavored to try and figure out all those details. That's not even taking into account the summons relationship with how well it pairs with the player's play style and current build. Don't get me wrong, brother, you're doing God's work here, I love your approach to wanting each of them graded. It's just imagining how each summon would pair crazy well with a bleed build, or a sleep build, or a tank build and I'm constantly keeping aggro, or a glass canon build with a couple "beefy" lizard summons mopping up my left overs, hehe. Basically what I'm saying is that I would love to see how certain builds can exploit or make advantageous the different strengths or weaknesses with each summon. Side note, too, attainment of each summons probably should play a more significant part in the grading system, even though u did kinda account for it. However, with so many people trudging through ng+ and beyond I understand it doesn't really matter that much at that point. Thanks for the content, brother. Can't wait to see more
can someone help me? i just got elden ring a week ago but don't know how to summon these (i play on ps5)
Thank you for the video, Owen Wilson.
Lol I only used the jellyfish once and I knew that it was junk never used it again.
Why Nepheli Loux spirit ash not reviewed?
Jellyfish isn't meant to be used for offense. It's mainly used to aggro the boss so you could beat them. Pretty dumb test if you ask me
I've never used anything but the godrick soldiers for some reason. I have no idea why I just stuck with it. Maybe I'll change it now
Sheeesh that jellyfish help me alot with mariket :))
Mimic tear
the mimic also utilizes anything in your quick items, mine puts down healing stones, uses perfumes to buff us and throws freeze pots
There are 64 spirit ashes in elden ring
You knew the unadulterated hate for the Jellyfish would come in but Harvard just finished their testing and had him at a solid A tier with S tier implications. You might just need to seriously work on your testing, man. The Jellyfish is excellent
If you ever want to try this test again use seppuku spam.
You forgot the man serpent I think that he's pretty good thought the whole game
This list is dead on.
The more FP a summon needs the better it is. It's called game mechanics
I stuck with the Jellyfish and Mimic tear through the entire game. Really didn't feel like I needed to change them lol.
Great video and a ton of info thank you, I can't imagine the amount of time and effort you put into this only to have a bunch of babies get made because they don't agree with your list.
6:19 I call him Battlemage "Huggies"  You know, the diaper that all the babies shit on
Where do you stand on the raya lucaria soldiers? I used them for about 90% of the game, the were great.
Where is stormhawk deenh lmao
No pumpkinhead? A tanky, high impact, with bleed proc and is easy to get. Come on
Black knife was plus 10 lol so much for level playing field can't blame you lol
Lost all credibility putting jellyfish below wolves. Jelly poisoned Morgott leading to my victory. Wolves not only die quick but they also make the bosses move unpredictably. Jelly will less you catch your breath and get in free hits when needed.
You should rate summons, based on how well they do their primary job. When playing a mage, who's preparing a mean af azure comet, the greatshield soldiers are freaking S tier. It's not their job to deal the damage, it's their job to make sure that you don't freaking die.
The best summon is your 700lvl friend, lol
Jellyfish is overrated
Great list, very informative.
It really depends on who your fighting. Deloris is SS tier against the godskin duo,  I haven't found any boss that the poison squirts are good at but I bet there is one.
What armour are you using?
Hey people that have low health did you know you could increase your health by leveling up!? I know crazy I thought the only thing you could level up was dex and int.
Red mane knights are underrated asf. They carry abt 3 diff weapon types, all buffed with fire, and they are the most aggro summon in the game. If you summon it in the open world they will continue to hall ass to every enemy until they die
i missed the first encounter with Ranni, so I didnt get the bell and wasnt able to do any summon till I looked it up about 30-40 hours in and already with the mimic tear
That's a thorough analysis! Thanks for taking the time 🙏🔥
I prefer the mimic tear over all else. Nothing can kill him. I'm a str/fth build with the blasphemous blade and the stone shield. 99on all stats besides arcane, int, and mind. We dont die.. like ever but we melt everything
Black Flame Monk Amon is the best if using black Flame with him... It's unstoppable
Banished Knight Oleg a D ? This Guy fucks everything up by himself in the Haligtree Area when he s +10 No other Summon is able to do that.
I’ve enjoyed having Lhutel the Headless tanking for me, but the one thing I did notice is that when she disappears to teleport, the boss will also lose aggro and start coming after me instead.
This video be like Ill summon spirit so i ll watch em kill boss for me, not ok dude
lmao at the girl getting demoted after learning shes female
I was obsessed with the spirit summons when I played Elden Ring. I would have all of them do a few different gauntlets to compare their abilities. Like dealing with tough enemies in a 1v1 and how they handle swarms of enemies etc. Based off this test and which ones I actually used, this is how I'd place them:   S: Black Knife Tische, Mimic Tear, Banished Knight Oleg, Greatshield Soldiers  A: Banished Knight Engvall, Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff, Azula Beastmen, Fanged Imps, Blackflame Monk Amon, Marionette Archers, Omenkiller Rollo  B: Ancestral Follower, Battlemage Hugues, Bloodhound Knight Floh, Cleanrot Knight Finlay, Crystalian, Fire Monk, Kaiden Sellsword,  Lhutel the Headless, Lone Wolves, Mad Pumpkin Head, Man Serpent, Mausoleum soldiers, Nightmaiden and Swordstress, Page, Radahn Soliders, Redmane Knight, Vulgar Militia, Latenna the Abinauric, Man Serpent  C: Albinaurics, Archers, Avionette Soldiers, Claymen, Demi Humans, Depraved Perfumer, Giant Rat, Godrick Soldiers, Haligtree Soldiers, Kindred of Rot, Leyndell soldiers, Nomad, Oracle Envoy, Perfumer Tricia, Raya Lucaria soldiers  D: Glintstone Sorcerer, Putrid corpse, Rotten stray, Skeletal Bandit, Skeletal Militiamen, Soldjars of Fortune, Jellyfish, Twinsage Sorcerer, Wandering Nobles,  F: Land Squirt, Miranda sprouts, Noble Sorcerer, Winged Misbegotten
I have a joke. Wanna hear it?    Joke: How good is the mimic tear?  GOD TIER.
Where is Stormhawk Deenh? Bird wich boosts your damage?
Skeletal bandit?
Totally agree your vid about the jelly fish....it is so mad mid to late. Imo just ok early.
I used skeleton militiamen for the longest time simply because they refuse to die, taking the focus off of me.
Latenna is THE queen in huge arenas and outdoor bosses. She falls short in catacombs/cave bosses though, where she lacks space. Depending on your build some summons are really useful, like companions helping your bleed buildup as an arcane build.  I saw a youtuber playing as a faith caster and really revolving around tanky soldiers, coming in melee range to heal the summon and then backing out again.  Elden ring is a fantastic game.  I dislike mimic tear the most, because it doesn't complete your build, or it would involve a whole lot of changing gear around in a short amount of time to get some complementary gameplay. Whereas you can just summon the appropriate partner from the get go. I really think it's the one of the most "dumb" summons and it makes you play dumb as well.  There is like "another you" rushing for the boss, everything is clumsy, it makes the boss start swinging for it but ends up hitting you. Triggering unwanted boss attacks that you would otherwise avoid.  It sometimes uses some of your equipment at the worst times or when it is not needed. And also takes away 1 flask use at the start as well when you would rather take time to find a good spot to tackle the boss. I've use it once or twice and ended up switching back to Latenna for big bosses and trusty Jellyfish for caves/catacombs/cramped areas. I'm playing melee build.
Jellyfish is good bc it takes aggro away from the player. It can tank the damage and distract the boss which allows you to get in safely and do big damage
Sleeping arrows are awesome on godskin dudes. It's what I used in my first fights with them, before I got my build running with max upgrades
Demi Human ashes?
some boss likes to attack you as enter the room can cast a summon. Do a jumping head shot. I cast the archer to test her. As soon as she show up. She ONE SHOT kill the boss. lmao
Have to use Shabiri woe with rotten stray. In hopes it gets enough hits in to cause rot on boss.
Tiche is absolutely broken literally handed maleina's ass almost by himself. Not only he can prop bleed as soon as the fight starts there's a special attack that eliminates 10% hp so yeah definitely better than the mimic
Another S Tier in my eyes is puppet nepheli loux. Massive dmg and health. You can get her the same way as the dung eater but give the tonic from selvius to her instead of dung eater
I wish the semi humans were stronger and tankier, imagine unleashing the whole gang on an enemy. All scream, all Bonk
Duck you hunt you little slit jellyfish S tier it gives you an item that is kinda of slit BUT YOU CAN TWIRL WITH JELLY FISH
Are the land squirt ashes good?
I don't know, but knowing that the Hawk pisses bosses off is hilarious. I can just imagine the boss raging like we do at those things.
Considering I watched a video where a guy tried to beat the game with just spirit summons, I would rank these way differently. Rotten Summon mostly can do a lot by itself, because it stacks quickly scarlet rot and you can just sit out the fight while enemy simply dies. Of course not everyone can be dealt with like that, but it surely changes your view on summons. Same with few others as well. Personally, the Ancestral Follower sucks imo, never does anything decent, low damage output, easily to be killed. He kind of can get the attention, but he gets staggered a lot. What good for is someone or something if you can't use it, right? Greatshield Soldiers can carry you thorough the game as well. And another personal opinion, the Marionette Soldiers are great most of the time, they can tank, as well as deal rapid damage, which can stun the bosses or enemies.
wheres the fanged imps??
should upgrade the jellyfish with a lighting attack.
There is also the fire monk and nepheli
luther A rank????  u blind or what?
Yup, jellyfish is garbage
I know you said you tested most puppets, but I feel like the final elite puppet should have been on here (Nepheli) she's really good.
So I've seen Lhutel The Headless recommended as the best early game Ashes available, anyone got feedback on that idea?
whats the armor you’re using
Mimic is still the best, give it the right set up and it will solo most if not all bosses.
"I'm putting jellyfish in D tier" (Casually steals your stapler)
So there no one good enough to beat fire giant, radagon and elden beast
Luthel A tier? She is my personal bodyguard. She is elden ring version of Brienne of Tarth. I died more times than she did in this game.
I think this list is biased toward melee spirits that can tank while they do dps, because the experiment let the spirits solo the boss. That's why jellyfish and sleeping arrow are rated low.  This doesn't take in account the spirit role. If you are a Frontline character that take the hits, those spirits value is different than if you are a squishy mage that needs someone to tag the boss for a few minutes while you cast your big spells.   This is a list of how well a spirit can solo a boss, not about how useful they are
where is perfumers??
I'm surprised about Perfurmer Tricia. My top two are her and the mimic. She's super useful. Keep her health up, and she will keep casting the protection spell as well as attacking the enemy.
I only used 1 summon.latenia 3 knights as they seem to do OK even against loretta.I got riche and didn't rate it like its the best.against the gold knights where Loretta is she gets splat easy .I oddly got through most of the game not upgrading a thing and using summons until i figured out how to do it.
Mad Pumpkin Head 🎃
Was hoping to see giant rats on here but I guess they suck that bad lol
Jellyfish is S tier
The jellyfish sucks, the wolves are better
Jellyfish needs justice ✊🏾😔
I just use doggo pack all the time.  Useless sometimes, but very effective other times. Mostly as distraction.  I also felt if i used anything that didnt seem like a familiar, id be cheating.
great shield soilders are good for mage builds as tey draw the agro and dont die while u charge your azura
did you know if you use a roar, latenna’s attacks will change as well
I don't know why but for me, Stone goblins is always better than Lone wolfs somehow
Holy cow look at those ad breaks
Hey I think if you make a new video the depraved former cramaan he can use a flask of crimson and tears and he will dodge around the arena and throw potions and pots witch have a large aoe I’d check him out only downside is his fp cost is stupid at 124 and he helped me a lot mid game
The wolves carried me through Renala. They were in her face immediatly. She was still aggroed onto me, but with the wolves and myself attacking her she was basically stunned and never managed to summon anything. They are also very helpfull against non boss enemys like in camps
So I've noticed that the Jellyfish isn't getting the credit it deserves. I'd like to bring this up for re-testing as it is used a certain way..let jelly out and run around the enemy (boss) and play monkey in the middle with them. The jelly will pull agro then all you have to do is attack to pull agro away from jelly, jelly will in turn do this again for you, now repeat.
I use Engvall and Lhutel mainly, and they have constantly assisted me in countless fights, one time getting a super super hard boss one one shot and then I killed it.  Props to Banished Knight Engvall and Lhutel the Headless.
Has black knife Tiche been nerfed? Mine gets killed in about 15 seconds
Mimic,black knife and dung are elite
Jellyfish sucks
The three explosive pots....
Testing should have included you fighting the boss with under scaled weapons. You can account for a reasonable play style that everyone would use without having you insane dmg cloud what the summon is doing.
Lhutel the Headless gives the Death Blight status, for those interested.
You didn’t do stormhawk Deenh
I was really hoping to see a level 9 jarhead spirit
Tiche beat elden beast for me
Omen killer is s tier  I might be a little biased but he took a huge chunk of Melania's hp until he died to the rot in the 2nd phase
What about Nomad ashes?
If it's your opinion, then it's not the best. Plus your opinion is bad, and this tier list is kinda messed, apart from the top ones, that I dont think you can miss.
"the jellyfish is bad"  My brother in Christ the jellyfish is a sniper/tank. You can't just sit there and do nothing because it's not supposed to deal damage
No Demi-human bois?
I didn't realize that Albunaric Archer was any good. I used her one. Spawned her right in front of a boss and she immediately got crushed. The spinny crystal chick is probably my favorite. She doesn't do a ton of damage, but will outlast me in most boss fights while pulling agro, letting me attack the boss's back. I just got the One killer though, and OMG! What a beast!
Mimic Tear is C for me. Dies instantly.
Mimic is uhh not exactly good…
Mising so many sumons...
My jellyfish be holding it down son
you are missing kindred of rot
Godrick Soldier Ashes are also pretty good, lower FP cost than some of the ones on this list, more HP than the wolves, and there two of them. They can use crossbows or hammer and shield, making them ideal against any enemy weak to striking damage (such as the Crystallians). Easy to get, too, since they're just in a graveyard to the west of Stormhill Shack. Honestly I'd say they're at least B tier, if not A tier against bosses vulnerable to strike damage. Definitely an early game upgrade over your starter Wolves.
Anyone use the Raya Lucaria Soldier Ashes? If so, good?
What armor is that at 15:48
You forgot to review the lizard man ash. Thank you and have a good one
There is one you missed: The Avionette Soldiers curious as to your thoughts on them.
You are wayyy too lenient with the rankings
I spent the weekend trying to beat malenia, got bored of it, levelled mimic tear and beat her within 10 minutes
My favorite summon is the Imps. They are so small and run and jump around many bosses can’t keep up with them yet less two of them. They throw fire bombs from distance and stab up close. Most general bosses they have no problems. They do bad with huge bosses that have big swipes and mega damage.
The jellyfish is a friend not a fighter  All hail the jellyfish!
Ur using the jellyfish like a attack spirit, that’s why it looks bad, it isn’t a attack unit, it’s a tank that distracts opponents so you can get hits in or use items, it’s one of the best for mages then you need casting room and great for everything else when you want some free hits or heal room
I started using the Redmane Knight summon, after watching this video and I’ve gotta completely disagree. Every time I summon him, it’s a complete letdown and he’s just not in the fight AT ALL. MIA every single time. He gets stuck on a wall or just runs into a slightly raised floor and is rendered completely useless. I’ve gotten absolutely no use out of him, whatsoever. Maybe S tier potential, but even my jellyfish has proven far more reliable than him. 😒
I really liked the lone wolves early game in the open world, they attack and move so fast enemies don't stand a  chance lol. They're helpful with some bosses, but they die fast. Also Oleg is a madman with sick combos i like fighting with him
My mimic tear is exactly my build, moonveil sorcerer (+10). And holy shit the damage and health the mimic does is surprising. We were constantly stun locking bosses (bullied Mohg completely). The mimic after nerf is still op.
The Jellyfish is more of a tank and is supposed to draw aggro and tank damage while you deal it
the hawk is s tier depending on the map, if you summon it in a very closed place it will not last long but in open spaces I have seen that it defeats bosses barely receiving hits.
I found Radahn Soldier Ashes to be very good even through multiple NG+ playthroughs. These boys offer both great damage and tankieness as well as having the fire elemental damage to boot. They also deal hefty poise damage.  These dudes are my dogs.
The beat at the end is better than all the spirit ashs
Where are the 5 rats? They are best summons in game
Great video, Swany. Love the effort you put into your work. Ignore the haters…
I heard so much about elden ring before I got it, one of those things was the hype over a jelly fish. As a DS veteran, I had no idea what ashes and summons were, other than npcs you'd summon before a boss. So I played for about 4 hours, totally forgetting it was a thing, and finally found the girl that gives it to you, by accident. Thought, this is it, I'm now the elden Lord. I am the elden ring. I'm the alpha and Omega.... Pfffffffbbttttt.... What a dog shit summon. Every boss smacked it in a few goes. Thing is slow af, the dps is trash, and the hp pool is a joke. The only thing it was good for, was a meat shield while I used flasks. I Learned I could level them. So I spent my materials to level it, and I'm pretty sure it got worse. Mildred from DS 2 was a better summon... I don't care for summons anyways after trying them. It made things trivial. I think the type of people, and why said people are so attached to this purple lump of shit, is because they are the people that suck at souls games. They got thrashed over and over and over... Then found this thing in the beginning of the game and felt like a god. Sentimental over a crutch. Then by end game, you're over leveled anyways, and it doesn't have any effect on the fight, other than aggro. I've been in 3 full fledged arguments irl about that stupid fucking summon and that's the only justification I can find in their logic of it being the best. And now I just assume anyone that uses summons isn't very good at the game, and if they use the jelly fish... They're both trash at the game, AND an idiot.
Noble sorcerer
What about the Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet? So far its the only spirit Summon I’ve found that also heals you.
Let them know that Jellyfish is ass, 😂
The storm hawk was missing or I just missed it. Not the war hawk, I had to double check on that. He is one you have to backtrack to get but it’s not a jump through hoops situation.
A part of using the jelly fish is keeping the boss focused on you so he doesn't attack it. You didn't account for this variable.
Everyone sleeps on the Land Squirt Ashes. GOD TIER
There is ideological of her on a wolf mount. Prolly quest related
I really like stormhawk agheel. He also buffs you. Best one ive used so far. Ive only used a few starter summons though.
I used the raya lucaria soldiers until I defeated godrick the omen king☠️
black knife and dung eater and the top S tier for me. they can both solo bosses. dung eater is very tanky and stacks up blood loss to solo bosses and black knife uses the black knife flame alot which melts bosses hp bar.
Mad pumpkin head!??
WHERE ARE THE IMPS YOU DIDNT ADD IMPS
Ahh where are you Demi-human ashes - still my fave!
I'm currently doing a mage build and how donyou get the battlemage hugues that will really help me out a lot and how do you level him up b/c I got the wolf, jellyfish, and that scarlet rot dog ashes but for some reason I can't summon them even in boss fights.  Plus that black knife tiche would really help when there's 2 bosses.
Noble sorcerer ash would be a good candidate for d tier as well
As a sorcerer, I think the mimic tear is sorta busted bc comet azur blasting beams and shit
Made my black knife summon attack her twin sister as a boss in the late game and sat back and watch and mine won 🏆
Finley can cause bleed with her scythe
i adore the imp summon they may not do much damage but they so bothersome and adorable plus bleed build up is nice
Poor Dolores - she got her ass flung in the air and smashed on the ground
I like the marionette archers so far. they go to town on the bosses, and it gives me some breathing room. not a ton of damage from the, but the constant distraction helps me more than damage would.
You didn’t mention the war cry that activates a different move for redmane knight
I disagree with your list your list is majority on damage not utility. So many summons r good for distractions especially for long distance players
So, next up...
Another thing about the red mane knight, using the “war cry” ash of war when he is summoned, makes him do a rain of arrows (he can only do this once per summon but it’s still pretty cool
I'm not seeing it mentioned about, but Ogha bas a special ability/passive buff. Using a roar ash of war will make him use the ash of war Rain of Arrows and a temporary damage buff. The damage buff is re-applyable but not stackable from later roars.
Please be aware if you are using Luhtel the Headless that when it teleports, it loses aggro from the enemy(ies).  You may end up surprised in a fight when it starts taking the heat and then suddenly you find yourself getting focused out of nowhere
I have never even used the jellyfish lol. Just based off of how garbage the enemy in the game is. Greatshield soldiers are the best imo. Something that distracts and lasts forever is the key of a summon. Damage isn't the summons problem it's ours. If the boss is distracted you can easily hit 1k+ dps in a instant. Where if the summon is dead you won't get as much dps
I am researching Elden Ring before I start playing and would appreciate any input on what stage in the game you can have access to some of these Summoning Spirits?  Dung Eater- Early, Mid, or Late stages? Black Knight Tiche Early, Mid or Late stages? GreatShield Soldiers Early, Mid or Late stages? Lhumba the Headless Early, Mid or Late stages?  I will be rolling an Astrologer so I am interested in accessing this sort of assistance ASAP.  I thank anyone in advance who might reply to this post.
I think Dolores is more for regular foes not bosses
Tiche crash radagan so fast
Ashes are very situational. Dolores for instance is the best against the Godskin bosses, specially the duo, but yeah, as you showed, she does not really work if the boss cannot be put to sleep. Great video, it took you a looong time to do, much appreciated.
Skeleton militiamen gang rise up
Stormhawk deenh needs to be on one of these lists
If you have Woe of Daedicar equipped when you summon your Mimic Tear, you can quickly remove it, then your mimic will draw all the aggro. They enemy will literally not be able to target you.
Where are the demihuman spirits
Here's something that's fun: making fun of people who claim to be experts.
Ypu missed some spirits
I agree with the listing for the jellyfish on the 1v1 aspect because in that situation, they suck but I think the place they shine the most is when the player is keeping aggro away from the summon. Other than this I think the jellyfish sucks a lot. Thanks for the list tho. It helped me pick new summons instead of only using the mimic tear summon. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Jellyfish is a tank, not a dps, you gotta do the damage my guyyyy
Can u please tell me what armour is that YOU are wearing at 16:46?
giant rats? someone?
What about the Depraved Perfumer Caarman? I’ve never used her but her FP is so high I figured she might be good. You can find her in volcano manor if you continue through the secret passage.
Just like to say thanks for taking the time I did not know some of these were even here so thanks
Till I got my mimic I use only my mimic :) very tanky and I can handle what she is wearing just by wearing it before I summon her.
How is the nepheli spirit summon?
Jellyfish ashes are support only, she is a ranged attacker who has a lot of HP and poisons bosses from a great distance. She's not supposed to get in a bosses face. You used her incorrectly along with a few others :/
Kindred of Rot ashes
Where are the rats
What about the imps...?
dragon knight kristoff should be S tier he has range and shield just like redmane
Actually surprised you didn't mention Giant Rat ashes.  Rats are the mvp of Souls games in killing players, and now bosses too. lol
Jarwright is my favorite throwing pot talisman   And jar helmet for boost and we both just pelt our foes with jars lol we’re jar bros.
5:08 😂😂😂 tried to die, barly survives and tiche kills the boss
The thing about the Jellyfish is that what makes it good (for me anyway) is a combination of both poison damage, and being chunky in terms of health. The jellyfish can take a couple hits, and when they’re not being smacked, they’re applying poison damage while you fight the boss. It serves as a meat shield for when you’re healing.
I maxed my mimic out before I even killed the 3rd boss nd I've used it ever since because its a double of me so double blood katana or double moon veil is just to over powered
Now test it all again while using cursed blood pot.
Black knife tiche helped me destroy the fire giant
Idk who knows this but if you summon Lattenna near a wolf, she will tame it and ride it! 👍
Luthel is 100% S tier
Don't look at the boss when your summon is ranging......he she won't dodge your summons ranged attack if you are looking away
The Jellyfish is a great tank. If you run a poison build you’re also going to afflict poison on many if not all the bosses you come across and again it takes aggro and hits very well.
"She isn't as good as her FP cost requires " I had a gf like that.  D tier
but how are they when fighting groups of normal enemies
The mausoleum soldiers have a hard time finding the enemy because they are literally headless, lhutel is just a better version of whatever they are
i think jelly fish is still op cuz it's kinda tanky + the poison
The only thing I'd add is I think Engvall and Oleg compliment different builds. Imo, Engvall is less aggressive but draws more attention when he's actually attacking; so he's prob better at giving melee builds a chance to retreat and heal. I don't think Oleg distracts as well, but he gets right up in boss's faces and stays there lol; so I feel like he's a better "tank" to let casters get off their strong spells.
The jellyfish isn’t meant for damage, it’s meant as a distraction so you can be the damage
Latenna is best to summon on giant enemies that you have to walk miles(kilometers) towards boss,in order to hit it with melee(Ice Dragon, Fire Giant, Radahn, ect.)
When you and your mimic tear got a rivers of blood, the game just becomes game journalists edition. My mimic killed mogh, the blood god while I was searching for the shackle. I forgot to quickbar it and by the time I had it, I heard the familiar sound of a "boss" destroyed. L2 spam all the way still deletes everything in ng+2 and I'm wondering when it will stop.
I'm a huge fan of Lhutel the Headless
I’m with you on the jelly..
Один из худших топов которые я смотрел
Are any of your lists available in a ranked list form?
Marionette soldiers are S tier for midgame for me. If you're holding aggro, and most boss arena's aren't massive (yet) they can do the best dps of all the summons
I've never understood why the jellyfish is so popular. Is it just because it's the only ash summon that has a slight side quest?
I only used my bro Broleg and he was a great help
Black knight tiche is goated
One thing I do like about the lone wolf ashes is how quickly they can re-agro a boss because they are so aggressive. Like if you just pulled the boss after a big hit, it only takes a couple seconds for them to pull agro again. They definitely don't tank well though, but you can find a better balance by pulling the boss off them sometimes, especially if they are stuck in a corner or taking AOE damage or something.
Even though my Rotten Stray was under levelled, it was still very useful against the Draconic Tree Sentinel as the scarlet rot was very effective against it while I rode around on my horse avoiding it's attacks
The Mimic Tear is a must. Procs bleed in half the time if you have a bleed build and is a great, aggressive distraction when you need to use a flask.
Jellyfish sucks
Not sure if anyone knows this so I'm just going to mention a throwing item to use with Summons. If u use the blood ritual pot it acts as a magnet for ur summons. Ur Summon not attacking just sitting around? Throw the blood ritual pot at a enemy and the summons will ignore EVERYTHING else and go straight for that target.
Greatshield soldiers are at the very least "A" tier. The archer? A tier at best. Greatshield soldiers allow me to free cast.   I don't need a summon that can do DMG. I have all the damage I need.  Unless it's a summon that can solo bosses on their own, like black knife, then it's useless to me.
Disliked because of your insistence on saying sh*t like ‘they’ ‘they’ ‘they’ for every ash. Just fucking say HE.
The thing is these are solo fights. The video title should be which ash of war can complete the game for you. Honestly the aggro, distraction and tank the Jelly  provides makes her the best tag team partner.
Yoooo you did my arrow boi first and gave him an A. I use him everywhere
Who in their right mind would let the Jellyfish solo? You’re supposed to tank and aggro and let poison seeps in
Great vid just wish you included allll the summons here. there is sooo many more not in thius vid
the demi humans upgraded are devastating, it summons 5 demihumans that run to the enemy agrasively, they even kill bosses on their own
Fun Fact: If you spawn Latenna near a Dire wolf and they make contact she will tame it like her dead partner and ride it around so she can be mobile.
WHERE ARE THE SOLDIERS OF GODRICK!!!??? those lads at +5 carried me till malenia!( or i carried them...🤔) just love for those guys
My opinion on the great sheild soilder is that they are very good for distracting bosses,while you go and attack them in there back.
Duel strength builds with mimic tear op af
I realize that the jellyfish summon is a meme that we’re all supposed to play along with but that summon is absolute trash, even at the very beginning. You get the lone wolves very early on and that summon puts the jellyfish to shame.
Where is the dog ashe
Hahaha The Jellyfish. I've never used it. I find the wolves useful
Missed the Stormhawk. Is like the warhawk but gives you a nice damage buff. Great at taking aggro and surviving
terrible
You list seems to be based on dps alone. You mention how playstyle effects how some of these work then seem to forget it. For instance. I play a strength/faith, low armor zerker style. I like getting in and personal on all bosses and dodge like bat man and drop fully charged strong attacks (light and semi charged attacks too but the fully charge heavy attacks are cherry). This means a ton of these melee summons will get me killed as grabbing the bosses attention at the wrong time and having a wide attack clip me because he made the boss turn is a no-no. Archers are my jam as they barely effect the bosses swiveling around. Jellyfish is legend because it has archer like range, good agro, poison, and it's tanky af. For my style this means she doesn't mess with the bosses positioning, adds poison when she can, and when I need a breather I can deaggro to rebuff/heal/whatever and don't need to worry she will die before I can grab bosses attention again. I think you have a problem keeping bosses stable for ranged summons. When you use ranged summons you want to be playing a very stable in-your-face style. Either an aggressive infighter like myself or a heavy tank shield user.
One of the good things about Banished Knight Engvall is how early in the game you can get him, without making a bee line to some far flug part of the map. He's a little expensive for early game but if you're playing a sorcery focused build he'll basically tank everything for you while you blast from range. Both the banished knights are decent at aoe too with their wide sweeping attacks that'll stagger smaller enemies.
Very helpful video! Avionette soldiers are my favorite for fun
Have you used Stormhawk Deenh ash of war?
Greatshield soldiers S or A tier min. They are sooooo op for taking agro and take no damage and they do Fine dmg too
Hey man great video, I wanted to ask what about the ashes you can get from Seluvis?
Thank you for your time! To be honest, once I gained Mimic I didn't use anything more. I was running heavy armor blasphemous blade + fingerprint shield build so imagine Mimic tanking and healing himself with this greatsword XD
Hey Swany just wanted to say over the course of time you’ve become a really great YouTuber
Please give timestamps on what tier is when. Your time stamps are useless now.
Thoughts on Nephelli puppet?
The other bird also buffs up the player
U did forget the other bird summon
Pumpkin head?
Coming from an Archer build, the shields and anything that meles is automatically either S or A tier
Didnt do Stormhawk. Sadly....
I like omenkiller rollo just becuase there mask remind me of a Puertorican legend names Vejigante
Does no one know about the Page summon?
Soldjars of fortune s tier best boys
I had tiche solo malekith, mf is op
you know you can unsummon your summons right? no need to try to get aggro and possibly fail and have your summon ruin your test
If you want an absolutely busted Mimic:  Get the Sword of Night and Flame up to +10, have volcano pots equipped, and Ekzykes Rot in your spells. You're welcome.
Only 3 I even slot at all times (all are +10 too) are Tiche, Latenna, and Mimic so...glad to know I'm not the only one who sees their value
Key the the jelly fish is to distrct the enemy so you can continuously flank them. Alone it sucks but as a co op its good.
Spirit jellyfish is #1 fight me
What about pumpkin head??
If the Archer ist in s Tier then luthall should bei in  s too because of is one of the best better than black knife but that is only what i think. Luthall can teleport has a range Option with throwing the Speer and is one of the best in near Combat
Man ive had so many of the ones he liked and never used them lol.  I feel trapped by mimic tear
Question has anyone used the giant rat ash?
The lone wolf ashes has a different place in my heart.... I can't abandon them now.... Even if they're not that good... But you have to remember who helped you when you're in your starting days..... 🥺🥺🥺
Yea but the jelly tank can take massive damage and do all the aggro worx needed for survival.
Its ancestral not ancestriiiial hahaha also ur vids r fooookin dope as fook….fook
Where my Demi humans at they helped me out so much in my play through. Great when they spread out and surround the boss. Can be bad against large AOE if you get bad rng and they stay in a group
My wolves kinda sux.   This video makes me sad but hopeful.  What should  I  go for next?
Fanged Imps have got me through a lot.
The rats are the best!!!!!
mausoleum soldier is awesome for small bosses
This guy just wants something to hold his hand throughout the game, to put deloris that low tells me that you suck
Greatshield soldiers is A or S if you are ranged imo
Mimic Tear. The end
Imagine getting the Crucible Knights as spirit summons?XD
You say I need these, but the jellyfish is the only one I've ever used
The jellyfish is a specialist. You can't test it against an undead, poison immune enemy, and say it sucks.
There is also a special summon called Blackflame Monk Amon
Why is Depraved Perfumer Carmaan not on the list at all?
Great video! A side note for Latenna spirit ash if you summon her next to a *direwolf* in the game she starts to ride the wolf and be mobile around the enemy...
If the boss is going to die, all you have to do is use the ash summon a 2nd time to send the ash away.
The Jellyfish is top tier because he survives while tanking the boss.  Not because it can solo enemies.
Sadly I do not see the Rat Squad they are instant S tier cause of that huge poise damage - Punchkid Squad
What I love about these tierings is how often nobody agrees or suggests something that sucks and nobody seems to focus in on why.  These games are constantly being nerfed and fiddled with and messed up and redone. For every instance that got a patch note, there are likely a dozen that don't. So it amounts to almost nobody is playing the same game.
How about the Demi-Human Ashes?
monk amon?
Thank you...the Jelly is useless for me, too.
You know you can recall a summon by summoning the spirit again right?
I don't like use summons or anything make the game easy but I try mimic tear in max lv and that shit is op but the thing is you don't have the satisfaction of killing the boss for yourself.
You forgot the perfumer carmaan
Any one experimented with the giant rats? The higher the rank, the more rats they spawn.
Jellyfish doesn't poison, it has a small chace to cause bleed when it aggro's.
Using Mimic Tear ashes and a dex-bleed build (dual keen Uchis) and goddamn the bosses get rekt, even after the nerf. Even the bleed immune ones like FSB (due to winged sword insignia maybe?). This ashes is straight up easy mode, if you have a decent build yourself. Also getting Tiche ashes was straight up pain in the ass, I can imagine her to be a monstrous ash as well.
So many ashes are missing
The Jellyfish summon is more of a support ash, ti support you with poison damage and the occasional aggro draw for you to back up. It isn’t meant for prolonged aggro, just enough to get you recovered from an attack and get back in
Yes! Latenna I love her. Whether I summon depends on the boss, and I summon her for big bosses. and I love wolves. so having her associate herself with wolves is a big thumbs up!
include stormhawk deenh 🗣🗣🗣
tiche is best used for malenia. it makes the fight trivial.
Rotten Stray was by my side at the hardest times. I will not abandon a good boy like him.
Dung Eater is by far the best. His AoW does damage, debuffs any enemies close enough (if they’re burning with yellow flames they take 20% more dmg) and buffs his damage it also changes his charge attack to a multi hit move which is great because his sword has bleed. He’s super aggressive has ranged attacks rolls a lot and supper tanky.
What’s about Kaiden Sellsword and Pumpkin head guy?
Ancestral Follower is my goddamn guy.
I can't believe the wandering nobles didn't get a mention, they're so op
Jellyfish is a tank the boss didn't even damage it.
honestly id swtich jelly fish and rotten wolf or what ever its name is. jelly fish isn't the best but it not only has range attack but its ability to float helps it doge a bunch of attacks. its great in early game and possibly some of mid game
This game is deep in strategery give it that!
I like pumpkin head
Black knife has the same issue that you mentioned with the mausoleum soldiers. I’ve noticed when I summon it too far he will just roam in that spot. I have to bring the boss to him so he can agro.
I appreciate that this is a realistic tier list, tho at 60 hours deep into the game I'm gonna have to ask you to offer rump, for jelly being so low
The whole point of a spirit ash summon is to take turns attracting agro from the enemy.  Jellyfish got wrecked because you’re not attracting agro back to you in between hits.
You can't always base a spirit's usability on how well then can 1v1 bosses.
Greatshield soldiers solo any boss that is even slightly slow. They're really strong, S in my opinions  I also feel you put way too many summons that were just "pretty good" in A tier. I feel like some of them should have gone in B at least, because this tierlist rn is very top heavy
I saw how useless the Jellyfish was the first time I used it. Don't get how anybody likes it.
What about the headless knight with the flaming sword? He crushes bosses for me
The Jellyfish will always be S tier for me. She got me through Leonine (sp?) and Morgit and helped me to not quit the game before I'd even truly started it.
Oleg is my favorite I love him <3
ER needs a cranky insta kill monster sized jellyfish with lightning stingers and poison that woop you in seconds - YOU DIED
Where is Amon the Blackflame monk?
I love my fanged imps. Are they amazing? No. But they are always there for me when I need them and boy are they slippery.
I think these kinds of lists are much more subjective than not simply because of the wide variety of builds you can make. If the game had just one or two builds, then yes, a list would be very much more "This IS the best ___", but for example a mage build character? the Greatshields ashes are FAR better than this list would have you believe, because since aggro works off the last hit or nearest, and there being 5 of them, theyre going to hold that aggro for a long time, and can tank a surprising amount of damage. Whereas Mimic wouldnt be as useful on a mage build, because it doesnt consistently use the best spell in a fight, and isnt good at holding aggro. Meanwhile the Mimic would be fantastic on a bleed build, since thats double the amount of leed sources and output letting it stack very quickly.  The ashes you use very much depend on your build. They can all be subjectively good or bad on their own merits, but ultimately one doesnt work as well as the other in differing circumstances.
Nooo what about the lizard boi? Great area denial, great range, and he looks so funky too, like he's really glad to help
What Summoning Ash would be recommended against Malenia, the Blade of Miquella/Goddess of Rot?
How is no one talking about Kaiden? He's seriously op. A tier easily
Where is Mad Pumpkin Head???
Do a vid on how to get so much grave gloveworts
Latenna the Albinauric can actually ride a wolf if you summon her near one. 💯💯
Latenna can also ride the wolves in the game if nearby
The Perfumer ash
All hail the suckyfish
I found a spirit that does insane damage and I’m surprised you didn’t mention him. The black flame monk
Giant rats?
Why is the pumkin king spirit summon now in list as all i personally love him
I've got the max possible health, so mimic is the best.
you forgot the stormhawk ashes that dmg buffs lol
The Dung Eater does Bleed Damage, He buffs his damage, debuffs the enemies damage and defense, he casts ranged attacks, and he is a monsterous tank. Theres a reason he is a nightmare to fight again
The jellyfish is hot garbage
Rawlo and Lorretta? is From Software really into The Cleveland Show?
lol latenna is crap
Jellyfish is good because its a tank. You dont rely on it for damage, but to pull aggro off of yourself. Invaluable as a mage build
Wtf is up with the +9 on most of your summons when they should be +10? Go ahead and mod/cheat some wort into your inventory for the video if necessary! 🤍🥀🤍
Ain't there quite a few which have been missed out ?
Mimic tear. If you equip a ranged weapon, then drop it, it will use ranged tactics. No matter what you pull out afterwards.
Let’s be honest miss Tiche is the REAL elden lord. So clutch
Great video. Very accurate imo
Yeah the jellyfish is trash in any point of the game in my opinion. Absolute trash lol
In my opinion the skeletons can be considered s tier. If you’re distracting the boss while they rise you can have 2 summons for the whole fight that kite agro and let you get a lot of damage in. It’s very valid to put them b tier though, because they’re essentially useless without the player to help them.
if and when the continue latenna's questline to let her get a spirit of Lobo so she can ride around. like how she can mount any Direwolfs if you find any in the wild which completely changes her moveset and actually makes her good having the mobility of tiche
in some situations the wolves are very good, they just destroy Margit at lvl 1
Leyndell warrior ashes
What about Nepheli Loux? I heard she was pretty good but could never bring myself to give her the potion...
Albenarics can't walk. That's why letenna doesn't move. The ones you meet in game all ride wolves
Jellyfish is only viable with shabiri's woe. Otherwise you just get it killed because you aren't letting it attack
the jellyfish has a special place infront of me because its my shield
An additional note about the mimic tear is that is doesn't experience overload. If you you put on heavy armor and can't move, it can still roll, jump, and sprint as if it has a medium load.
IMO you didn't do the jellyfish showcase justice, the point of the jellyfish is that it's a single target that is pretty tanky that constantly shoots ranged attacks at the enemy, drawing aggro away from you for a split second so you can go ham on the boss, and if the boss manages to get to the jellyfish it's likely to survive for a while so you can get control of the boss again, it's meant to survive through the entire boss encounter fairly easily constantly helping you distract the boss, on top of that it applies both poison buildup that can do thousands of damage over the course of a fight and it also apparently applies a damage debuff to enemies it hits. It trivialized both my first encounter with Margit as well as Godrick. It's not gonna do you much good lategame but I think any spirit ash should be rated not only on its lategame potential but also its potential from when it's found. If you go by late game it's better than the wolves, so high C tier I guess, but early game they're both equal and I would rate them fairly high, the wolves even soloed at least two early game bosses for me.  Edit: Also a lot of ashes are pretty niche, for example testing the wolves against a fairly high AoE boss is gonna make the wolves look useless, but if you use them against bosses with a small hit area they can easily solo them.
What about the imp ashes?
Mimic tear is the only co-op companion that don't instantly send me back to my world  10/10 would recommend
Black Knife Tiche ❤️
I use skeleton bandit ashes all the time and it's been pretty good
If you’re a melee char and can keep the boss occupied, Latenna absolutely DESTROYS everything.
Luthel is S tier imo
Whats the deal with the dude finlay? I mean, he is a dude, she is a dude. Where is the problem?
You don't get it, in order to unlock the jellyfish true power, you have to get 99 strength and 99 arcane. When you get this stats you must have maxed level jellyfish. After this the jellyfish will turn golden and becomes a bossfight. You must kill the jellyfish boss in order to unlock the golden jellyfish form. It's so far the only summon that can be used in pop and it one shots anything in the game
I ❤️ Oleg
Dung Eater is garbage. I would not recommend.
My favorite is probably the stormhawk, because he buffs you when you summon him
"Let's do a summon tier list"  *Puts half the summons in the A tier.  Sure...
Felt like everything was A tier..
Dude what are you basing your tiers off ? It looks like you only basing it off attack damage alot of spirits aren't ment to do high attack damage
damn bro u missed raya lucaria soldier
Running anything but Jellyfish is big time cheating
I love the bunch of oonga boonga cavemen, because I play as an oonga boonga caveman, and just ganking bosses with your oongang is just hilarious
Did you know that immobile archer Latenna can charm wolves and ride them.
Great video. I’d say as a full mage build I find the mimic underwhelming. Typically I need something tanky to help me and the mimic usually gets 1-3 tap killed. All my strength buddies absolutely love it though. Black knife has been a game changer for me.
If you don’t have most ashes the jellyfish is top tear simply because he’s such a tank and a really big distraction allowing you to do a lot of damage
Great video bruv
He knows you can summon them back right?? Cause why he try to get in the way to stop the fight; why not just summon him back? Lol
Fun fact. If you have latenna out against a wolf she can tame it and will then ride around on it while delivering death
The jelly fish isn't meant for attacking. It's good at agroing the enemy's so you can attack them. They have good defense too
I used the Fanged Imp Ashes for ages. They put in work.
Anyone want to explain how the archer grl that doesn't move is S tier ? I have her n never used it. I hope she is great but his explanation didn't convince me.
Another thing that I personally have to consider is that most spirits are out of my FP range. My style is Heavy Claymore in my right hand, Heavy Uchigatana in my left. My Claymore has Bloodhound Step, and the only things that I use my FP for are spirit summons and Step.  Because of this, I invest all of my stats into Strength, Endurance, and Vigor with one Blue Flask and the rest Red. My FP is very hindered, so only the cheapest spirits will work for me.   I have a surprising amount of mobility for a man in heavy armor, medium rolling and Stepping all over the battlefield. Skeletal Militia works perfect for my play style, ducking in and out to juggle Aggro while the skeletons revive. It's worked great so far, and I don't see myself changing any time soon.
Jellyfish won me the fight against Godrick. I was almost dead, less than 10% hp, and Godrick was about to flyswatter me, when Jellyfish squirted him in the eyes.  Godrick turned to focus the Jellyfish, and I started spamming aoe heals while the girl swung her axe at his backside.  In most situations, I'm not a huge fan of the Jellyfish, but I remember my friends who had my back during tough times.  That being said, I like Skeletal Militia. Once one drops, I make sure and distract the boss while they revive. I'm used to juggling Aggro after playing League of Legends and World of Warcraft for years.
I see a huge flaw in your testing, and it explains why Jellyfish did so poorly. You sat back and watched the Spirits solo the boss.  Jellyfish is not good for soloing bosses. Jellyfish is good at long range poison assist while having a body that doesn't die easily. The problem with most spirits are that they stand in aoe effects and get melted. Jellyfish doesn't do that, because it floats.   Jellyfish excels when you are initiating and stacking poisons on the boss, because he speeds up your poison while not dying. If you are not attacking the boss, of course Jellyfish didn't work out. The problem is not the Jellyfish. The problem is that you don't use Jellyfish properly. I guarantee that if you attacked the boss immediately after summoning Jellyfish and started stacking poisons, your opinion would change.  Do I think Jellyfish is A tier? Definitely not. Maybe B tier at best, because it's extremely situational and doesn't provide much damage on its own. But Jellyfish is definitely not D tier.  Calling Jellyfish D tier because it doesn't deal as much solo damage as other spirits is the equivalent of saying that swords are D tier weapons because they don't deal as much fire damage as a fire pot.
The beast men are top tier, they agro and gang up on the bosses relentlessly
I don’t see Npheli summon
Stormhawk deenh didn't make the list?
The jelly fish is absolute garbage
Boy
Jellyfish is the best in the early to mid game.
"She is pretty decent....S TIER"
The jellyfish needs leveled up and he'll carry you into late game but eventually they'll just do too much damage to him and he can't get out of the way. My favorite summon is the Bloodhound Knight Floh. He's +10 and fast, ggressive and strong. He's fairly Tanky too but he won't follow you anywhere. You just summon him in the middle of a horde or in a boss fight and he will kill everything in a certain radius.
jelly fish OP
Awesome video. Nice and clear explanations. This is S tier.
I get her to put them to sleep every time I use her. I wonder why you had such a hard time.
Thanks for this list, awesome job 👏
do s tier video bro and call it top 5 summons.
The jellyfish should bee in the downy tear we love them because they are special .
Wait did you cover the Raya lucaria soldier spirits?
And there’s hoara loux …
Kindred spirit of rot (the centipede guy) is good. I'd say A tier.
The Jellyfish is trash.  I got it and immediately went back to the lone wolves.  Its garbage.  Also Im sure you know by now by Latenna is actually pretty slick if you summon her near a Dire wolf.  She'll tame it and start riding it around and firing her bow which is pretty awesome.  Just sucks because the times you can summon vs the times dire wolves are around isnt often but its cool to see it when it happens and her accuracy doesnt suffer.
Jellyfish is garbage in every way  If you got mimic there’s no point of using anything else. I got bleed and bleed. It stacks. You just melt bosses.
Vulgar Militia Ashes are really good too.
Latenna is one of the best. At level 10, she will shred bosses down while you run around like a fool keeping the boss focused on trying to attack you. If they aggro on her, you can quickly heal and get a few hits in and rinse and repeat.
I can really recommend the Page ash. He has quick firing range attacks, melee attacks and he moves a lot which makes him a great distraction.
The stormhawk is a dope summon
Great video man! Good explanation on everything
Storm hawk ashe gives u a buff and they fly around s teir for me
I used the female archer to kill Astel the first time haha. I set her by the door and stayed alive while she worked. I had to keep Astel coming at me though.
The lone wolf ashes were the first ones I maxed out in level. Had nothing to do with their end game viability. They just helped me so much in early and mid game that I felt obligated to reward them.
Bro there's an ad every 30 seconds. Can't even watch the video.
Oleg the banished homie #1 baby less go
The rats are my favourite. It doesn't take any FP or HP, and they're free to upgrade. They can take some hits, that's for sure😂
160 hours in and I still haven't used a summoning spirit.
My favorite is black knife Tiche
I don't think it's fair to compare the summons by making them 1vs1 a boss Some of them are very good with you but just can't handle the boss which makes sense why would you just let them 1vs1 them
Disliked when I seen how you did the Jellyfish
Thank you for creating such a comprehensive video based on actual research. I bet it took a lot of time and effort.
You missing the stormhawk deenh
I think this video is kinda dumb
Very good video.
me beating the entire game only using the jellyfish lol I love my jelly.
The Nox Duo have grown on me pretty quick honestly. They're effective at catching enemy attenton, they're surprisingly tanky, and they're so damn gorgeous to look at
You forgot the skeleton bandit
If you are really good at utilizing distractions and trading agro the skeletal militia men can last an entire fight with any single Boss
Latenna is my absolute favorite as a support summons;  Playing a sword and board tanky build I can easily hold the foes attention for her to strike uncontested whittling down their health.
i believe the cleanrot summon heals you slowly unless i had something on
I think people's (myself included) opinion of the jellyfish gets highly boosted from Margit. He's the first boss where you're heavily depending on your summon and most importantly Margit is weak to poison, so the jellyfish can do some actual damage.
U missed the pumpkinguy!
Perfumer caarman
I feel like there possibly could have been two tier lists for summons, because the way I see it there's two ways to use a summon: 1) Help with DPS, so using the summon for extra damage (ex. Banished Knights Oleg and Engvall, or Black Knife Tiche) 2) Tank/Get Aggro, so using the summon to either tank lots of damage (ex. Dragon Knight Kristoff and Cleanrot Knight Finlay have massive amounts of health, although they both don't attack as much as others), or getting the boss's attention a bunch (ex. Lhutel the Headless has a mix of ranged/melee attacks so she often gets the boss's attention, as bosses often prioritize ranged/spell casters  Maybe separate tier lists would be too much, but just basing it off of one quality when there are some who excel at tanking but suck with dmg and vice versa doesn't seem to be the best idea that it could be. Still, love the effort you put in to your videos, I think you did a wonderful job and overall I think you still did rate pretty much all of the ashes really well.
Jelly fish needs to be in an open area; don’t contain it - S tier
You lost me on the very first one. ✌
😂 My two summons that have helped me through the most bosses are B and D tier. Everyone needs to remember it’s all situational. Jelly is great in certain fights and getting them to level 3 seems to make than tanky.
Interesting note about the land squirts. I discovered that they often spawn in "cheese" areas. Usually a spot where the boss will get stuck or is vulnerable. The dragon knight outside leyndell gets stuck in that area and doesnt move much. The godskin in windmill village can be cheesed through their area in a ring around the windmill. Several bosses have similar situations with them. Its the reason they seem to spawn at a far corner a lot, especially with bosses that are very mobile.
In elden ring 2 they could let us transform any eny in spirit summon, so we can capture and let we fight against others trainers LoL
Puts mimic tear in S tier, shows clips of it getting absolutely railed in every situation, seems legit
Kristoff is such a goddamn badass having the entire Lightning Knight move set  Same feeling for the banished knights
'you NEED these spirits'  No I don't, I can play the game without having my hand held.
I don't get the obsession with jellyfish rofl
You forgot the storm hawk and imp ashes!
what about the 0 cost rats?
If you summon Latenna the Albinauric in an area with large wolves, there is a chance she will capture one and use it as a mount while helping you fight.
Jellyfish has pulled me through the Bull fight in for somber bell 1 so many times.
You missed the mad pumpkin head but I would definitely put him at A tier
wtf does 'proc' mean?  also youre missing some summons like that skelly soldier dude, with the curved sword
Bro, u ignored the Demi-Human Mob completely.   Why?
Fanged Imp Ashes are much better than the wolves, I haven't compared them to many other ashes but your review is solid. I was able to full clear Sellia and the boss with these boys. And mine are only +3
Where is Stormhawk btw?
In my first playthrough, I was a up-close dual wielding swordsmen, while Latenna was my cornerback. Best team up experience ever 👍
The jellyfish is trash AF 🗑
Letting spirits 1x1 bosses really isn't a good way to measure their power. There are a lot of them that can inflict debuffs or deal consistant damage at the enemies, but have very poor survivability. The rot dog for example, because of the Scarlet Rott it can really help you a lot, but if you don't protect it, it's going to die QUICKLY.
The absolute best use case I found for the mimic tear, during my first play through and before it was cool, was equipping shabriris woe, spawning him and then removing it from myself. This was absolutely the only way I was beating the 2 crucible knights fight and a couple others. It works like an absolute charm.
Jarwight puppet is my newest favorite. His pots are like mini nukes!!!
Jelly fish gods well smit u for your blasphemy for putting him at the bottom u have been warned😐
Dolores trivializes the Godskin Duo, the Godskins are both extremely weak to sleep and she can put both to sleep at the same time
Fervor ritual pots and woe talisman  to control agro will help with some of these spirits
Shouldn't a female knight be called a dame? 🤔
Not sure if it's up to the channel or what but in 16 years using YouTube I've never seen in my life something like this. Literally a double unskippable add every minute. I counted them! 20 adds for a video is too much.... Before it was just 1 at the beginning, then one at the start one at the end, then one extra in the middle, but now is relentless. It really kills the experience and I don't see myself watching any video from this channel anytime soon if that's the trend...
I love the greatshield guys. I summon them all time and every time a shout out "summon the boys!"   I love my shield boys
I really feel like Ancestral Follower doesn't quite size up to the other A tiers
I rate Spirits on how well they draw aggro away from me. Because them living through the fight or even doing damage is not what's important to me.
I’m confused. Is the jellyfish not loved for tanking? You can’t do 1 v 1 battles against bosses and judge based on that. Summons aren’t meant to play the game for you. They’re meant to tank or distract.
can someone do this as updated version on 1.04 ?
yet im over here still using jellysfish as best bait
Mimic with rivers of blood is so much fun!
No black flame monk amon?
Why would you put Tiche at S tier?? She sucks! Put her in D tier! ):< There's no need for Fromsoft to nerf her at all!
👆👆got all my camos unlocked and operators unlocked to and he also got my account to the max level
Jellyfish S tier
The best summon is that one naked person with a club
I got the demi-humans and they are fantastic! :) a big pile of chaos that can lock some bosses in place (assassins) by just mobbing them :)
You don't have the other bird or the perfumer
Your description of the warhawks is spot on!!!! So annoying🤣🤣🤣
I bought elden ring on the first day of release and have 0 patches. The rotten dog summon doesn't exist in my game, the claws in the castle, claymore or whip don't exist and it took me until I reached a certain point, before the sword of night and flame appeared. It's chest was empty for hours. I use the dog rat summons, +9, four rats appear and it costs 0 FP. They're quick and instantly take away all of the attention.
What about the storm hawk?
Jarwight is my favorite
The only point of having the jellyfish is to reunite it with its friend up on the Mountaintops. Still don't know what doing that achieved. I guess they live on happily ever after.
pepegaReviews
I had my rotten stray single-handedly take out Margit
This is a great tier list for people who want to stand behind a shield and let their summon 1v1 the boss. So, basically nobody. Maybe do one for how useful they are when you actually play.
I wish plebs would stop making terrible opinion based videos on elden ring. We get it, you finally tried a game you feel isn't mainstream.
There are 64 spirit ashes. You need more vids.
Holy shit. Is it just me or was there literally an Ad every 2 minutes??
Greatshield soldiers are A tier if your build is a squishy mage or incantation user. otherwise they seem more like B or C tier. Lots of health, very little damage, just a wall to keep in front of you and keep them busy while you cast from a distance.
Rip amon
What's your thought about STORMHAWK DEENH?
I’ve been using a rivers of blood build with my mimic tear and I somehow one shot the godskin duo with it
What about the mad pumpkin head? Any good?
I can't summon.  It's against the Code of the True Souls Player.  But, I'm sure it helps the widdle baby noobs to have some training wheels and water wings to get them by.  Baby need Pikachu!  Aggro SCAWWY for baby!  Baby gotta catch 'em all!
What about the black flame monk?
My top 5 are  1. Mimic Tear 2. Dung Eater Puppet 3. Black Knife 4. Skeletal 5. Sleeping Arrow Puppet
Just here to make sure the jellyfish got S tier...  ....I am socked and appalled jellyfish didn't get a double S rank.
Jelly isn’t one but it is a god summon
If you want to protect Latenna the Albinauric without wasting a talisman slot on Shabiri's Woe, you can wear the Rotten Duelist's helmet, which has the same effect. I'm not sure if it's just as effective as the talisman, but it should be good enough to keep aggro off her.
Jellyfish is easily the best summon. I mean, it gets you through some tough times at the start of the game; back when you're under leveled, have lousy equipment and no where else to turn... The jellyfish is there.
I wish they made a way to summon two or three at a time, or 1 after the other, so I could do a Pokémon build
I highly recommend the kaiser sells word, does a ton of posture damage and does good damage, while being extremely tanky and only costing 70 fp. Really early as well
Good list. Gives a good baseline on the Ashes. Keep up the good work and don’t let the angry folks get ya down.  PS Hail Jellyfish…
Thanks!
Ancestral,  not "ancestrial"
Imo........ that mimic tear is awesome. I don't look up a lot of stuff before I go and make an opinion but based off of how I've played... I always wanted a second me. So being able to have the mimic use my items like warming stones, my bow with rahdahn spears. My beefy build and my starscourge sword things and the ability to use its ability.. it's pretty Worth it.
My second playthrough I've been using those 5 buffoon demi-humans. Idk, they come in handy on mages, cuz they can't get any spells off since they're getting slapped silly for 5hp 10 times in a row.
There’s actually a rat pack summon and if you keep upgrading it you can summon even more rats lol Was hoping to see it here to see what they can do or compare at 9+ but you don’t have it.
They see me floating they hatin
The flying summons can be very good in certain situations that would be difficult for most summons to handle.  So, I think your tier list is accurate, but is missing a bit of nuance.
Bro. You know you can unsummon ashes right? You don't have to die before the summon to stop the experiment. Lol. Great video tho. Thank you. I've been using the banished knight so this was validating.
Anyone tried the twin gargoyles?
Everyone using the jellyfish are children murderers, its a whole child soul. Its meant for a quest
I just got black knife tiche and if I'm being honest she's better than my mimic tear. I brought her to the twin gargoyle fight and she did a great job, and I consider the gargoyles ash killers on account of their poison and shear agressivness.
If Lluthel is A tier, then A tier is pure dog shit. Lluthel is probably the worst summon ever. She spends huge amounts of time just teleporting around and dies soo quickly. Also ancestral spirit is really bad too, idk how that was ever in A tier.
I think you missed the giant rats ash
The named stormhawk applies some buff on summon and is also pretty hard to hit while fast himself, which makes him viable for some highly mobile bosses with nasty attacks.
Spirits were a mistake. Even a P-tier ghost is broken. Enemy AI is not balanced around having 2+ targets.
jelly fish at D..... oki this tier list is not serious.
If you are using summons u should refund the game
She kills the boss “Mission failed successfully”
Concerning Jellyfish, I love it early game but you're absolutely right. Mid to late game it stops being as useful. I will forever love it, but for now it's being replaced by the Mimic Tear.
No love for my boy Jarwight?
put on shabriris wor before summoning mimic and then take it off after summoning and bum now the boss is completely agro’d towards your mimic
Well I know what I’m doing now since I have none of the good ones yet lol
Try the parfumer he is my top pick atm
Jellyfish is best, because Jellyfish is friend, not because Jellyfish is powerful.
You forgot the rat gang
The Lone Wolves have always been my favorite, mostly because they're meant to compliment a playstyle rather than be backup. The way I like to think of it is they are supposed to be the pack behind their alpha, aka the player. And that player leads them, maybe takes a step back to heal sometimes while they distract the boss. So for me they've been very effective
Delores gets the D
No rats?
What about mad pumpkin head?
Hmmm I didn't see Nephlia or whatever her name is....
Where's the mad pumpkin head ashes?
How many spirit ashes are in the game?
Wheres Stormhawk Deenh? nepheli?? Firngermaiden therolena??? JARMAN??? You talk about similarities and such, Therolena heals you and herself, amazing supportive summon hardly dies. Downside is her only attack is holy pots from what ive seen
I see you stopping fights by trying to die before the summon kills them, idk if you know this but you can unsummon them.
Jelly is definitely S or A tier hard to hit and great at distraction
I want the spirit to distract the boss a lot and to survive the boss  as long as possible. So the the jelly fish is one of the best options early in the game. I am currently at level 60.
It might be an unpopular opinion but i think the jellyfish sucks, hes only good at taking in damage for you like a shield
I just love my land squirts lol
You should do a vid for hardest bosses. Mogh, Elden Beast, Placidusax and Malenia.
>Latenna in S tier, but doesn't even mention the wolf riding thing that's pretty adorbs >My girl Lhutel in A tier  Welp, that was a fun 12 minutes.
“They”
What happened to the demi-human ashes? If you read their description, they are much more aggressive at night.
Hey, I was wondering…. Has anyone tried equipping the talisman that constantly attracts enemies attention/aggression, summoning the Mimic Tear, and then I equipping the talisman? From what I know Mimic Tear will use any weapons that are equipped, talisman effects, and hot bar equipment like weapon buffs or throwing weapons.   I’m curious if that would actually force a boss to focus on the Tear regardless of player dps.
For future experiments, remember you can unsummon your summons if you need to. Just use the bell a second time.
HEY!!! Where is nepheli loux?
The Jellyfish is not that good, but it got me through the Dragon Boss and Margot for some reason.
What about Kaiden sellsword ashes?
The mimic tear with my full blood build with the Rivers of Blood is the most broken PVE combo in the game I’m honestly convinced of it. I dropped Miquella first try in like 15 seconds
Dung Eater is the only one for me
.....
I think you are understating the power of the more Tanky Spirit Ashes. It is very easy to do high damage in this game, and the main issue is the amount of damage coming back at you. Sure, great shield soldiers are not going to be able to kill the boss, but if you have any amount of damage they will not die before the boss is dead and give you ample breathing room. Lhutel the headless is great for similar reasons. She just teleport away from attacks, draws agro at good times with the spear throw and does good damage overall.  In my books both Great shield soldiers and Lhutel are easy S tier picks, especially on mage builds.
You dont have Stormhawk Deenh in the list?
Fam jellyfish is S tier, if i need to get one hit in, my boy jellyfish will lay down his life for the greater hood
You forget, amon, he's not bad, but Albinauric is the worst I've ever seen. Just the restriction of movement... A flop without her wolf. Dungeater Ash is the most missable in the game and a real mystery. Without video I would never have thought of it and would never have tried it.
Is it even ok to use the spirits? Just like summoning phantoms It feels like cheating. I defeated Godfrey/Hoarah Loux on my second try having summoned Mimic Tear, and Radagon/Elden Beast on my first. Malenia, Mogh and Maliketh were tough, but only in comparison to Astel and Rykard, and they were still defeated after a dozen tries each.
The jelly fish will always remain my s tier 😤
Mad Pumpkin Head Is pretty good in terms of tankyness
I didn't know u can level up ashes of War. How?
Srry but jelly is lowkey the best if u good at the game an don’t mind actually playing
I really like the banished knight
Oleg will always have his special place in my heart
Dung Eater is extremely hard to get and also kind of late game. So it is good, but not something people should rely on getting "as fast as they can". In regards to the Jellyfish, is not that she's all around bad in end game, it's just that it is very situational. She is not a tank, she just poisons enemies at a distance, so if you're not tanking, she will die very fast. Definitely not D tier, The Wolfs and Rotten Stray are true D tier, but I think you just a had a beef with the people who gave you a hard time in the last video.
Lol I ran pretty much the entire game with Lhutel bc I was impressed with her immediately. Tried some other summons here and there and most of them fell flat in comparison - glad to see I wasn't just flat out wrong and she actually holds up!
Did you find the Avionete Skeleton Soldiers? They come with a big scythe and throw fire bombs but do occasionally flip out if hit to much.
where's the pumpkin head 😨😨
You should test the mimic tear with a mage character, it is absolutely dog shit, literally the worst summon I have. I can't even describe to you how much I loathe the mimic as a mage. It barely ever attacks, it doesn't know what each spell does so usually even when it casts it doesn't do anything useful, and for some reason when you summon it as a mage, it seriously struggles to aggro onto the boss
My dude doesn't understand the Chadnnes of the jellyfish. It's not there to do damage to the enemy, is there to take hits like an absolute unit, distracting the boss while you do the real damage
I used the mimic tear for pretty much the entirety of my first playthrough, I didn't really know what I was doing but had the bloodhound gang fully upgraded with complementary talismans and holy shit that boi put in some work. Beat Melania within 6-7 attempts not to mention the countless free staggers and blood loss procs and the fact that it uses the buffs and items like warming stones so I'd basically have a homie doing massive damage and throwing health all the time
Lattena the Archer is amazing for large level bosses like Dragons!  I've only levelled her to +3 and she already takes off nearly half of their HP with a steady string of DPS!
What about the Ashes of Stormhawk Denh ? He even buffs you as a player.
You  forget the  kaiden spirit
The rotten stray is super good early game, you can cheese a lot of early game bosses since scarlet rot is permanent on them for some reason (beat Margot first try)
Seeing how you judged the Jelly Fish, it looks like you based this tier list off of which summons can carry the best.. which isn't what the Jelly Fish is for
L Video
I feel like summons should be judged in different categories  Like there’s summons that are support, aggressive summons, defensive summons, etc Anyone else agree? (Also Tiche is probably the best summon imo (next to the mimic depending on your build))
Do we not talk about the hawk summons at the starting area with an atk power buff??
I love the Demi humans even though they aren’t worth it late game but they are the best in my heart
I don’t use spirit summons, but these tests were slanted against the jellyfish, because she is best when you are aggressive, and she is able to range poison your enemies.   She’s probably B tier all things considered.
That's hilarious! People love that dumbass jellyfish, but it sucks so bad. I used it on Agheel and it died instantly. I like Godric Soldier Ashes.
If you're using bleed then mimic is best if you aren't then Tiche is super tier. She can body Malenia almost by herself.
Greatshield ashes buffed with incantations are op af, easy S tier but a or b unbuffed.
You forgot vulgar militiamen
The jellyfish is good because you can have it aggro the boss and then do some damage.  The poison is nice too and she has a lot of ho so you can afford to let it get hit a few times.  Of course if you just watch it die it’s not going to do anything… shows the flaw in this type of test.  You have to work with them to use their style to your advantage.  Come on at least tier C.  You didn’t even put the sleep arrow lady at tier D.
jellyfish??  more like gaellyfish amirite
hmm sounds like you're using jellyfish the wrong way
Lol thanks I really didn’t get why Jellyfish was so loved because it sucks big time
Jellyfish sucks for early game get the wolf pack
Am I the only one who noticed the Azula Beastmen were +10 instead of +9. I don’t really care just thought I should point that out.
Seems like you forgot some. Like Depraved Perfumer Carmaan. He was my top summon before I opted for Mimic Tear
I mainly use DragonKnight Kristoff lolol, him and Frank, my jellyfish
The Marionettes are an A+ Tier summon. The amount of spam they shoot out causes mid to low armour bosses to dodge lock. They will constantly shoot require the boss dodge, CONSTANTLY, meaning you just need to meet them at the wall and just beat the shit out of them while they are dodge locked. Most of the A tier you put I would ignore for the sole fact that the boss does not turn into a training dumby due to the built in emphasis of dodge priority.
Y’all sleepin on the Demi humans lol love them
Wb the squirts?
I didn't see the avionette soldiers they can be found in the real Lucario Academy off the first ledge using the descending elevator they're very fast small have very damaging bleeding attacks fire bombs and the ability to fly
Hi I used Oleg my entire play through and  wouldn't rank him in A I would put him at S as he is definitely good at pulling agro and dps, but his wind attacks do so much aoe that it does help when keeping bosses agro. With the exception of one boss.. the boss in the underworld who does tons of bleed damage .lol
We all know the number 1 spot. Mimic.
Loving the shield Bros. I don't need my summon to deal a lot of damage since that's what I'm built to do. Just keep em in a corner for a minute or two and let the masssgic rain
Yo where is stormhawk deenh
As a Strength-Faith build, my mimic is insane as he can heal and use offensive abilities. Plus he has +9 Starscourge and heavy armor. The swords have hyperarmor and have a massive AOE
My dude Lhutel is an easy S rank , she does a lot of damage, has decent HP and the fact that she goes spectral between atacks and dodges many of the enemies atacks on her makes her top tier , shes on par with Ogha, even a bit better depending on the boss.  Idk how you miss that because she was literally soloing the boss in front of you .
I want to see all of them on here. Kindred of Rot was pretty cool. Draws agro like a pro
Please stop calling everything “they”. It makes your sentences sound strange and I promise you, the fictional creatures won’t try to cancel you for misgendering them.
Who ever said the jellyfish must not have mid to end game summons
Didn't really take into account how good they are at supporting the player vs a boss, just how good they are 1v1 with a boss. A lot of these are incredibly useful and perhaps even preferable to others. Make sure to try them out yourselves before writing any off.
What about the giant rat summons?
I have not seen the warhawk yet, though I wonder how it compares to the stormhawk. So far I've had pretty good success with the storm, seems to aggravate bosses pretty well
This Video's S-Tier List:  1) Black Knife Tiche 2) Latenna, the Albinauric 3) Mimic Tier 4) Redman Knight Ogha 5) Dungeater Puppet  You're Welcome
Using Latenna with my paladin character is really fun. When I have aggro on the enemy she can deal a lot of damage. I killed the Glinstone dragon so easily when I positioned her on top of a rock while I played the role of a tank.
mimic tear allowed me to first try sooo many bosses. im gonna have to play through the game again because i didnt get the satisfaction that i wanted lol
I was hoping to see the rats lol!!!
Dungeater is pretty good, but I’ll stick with BKT or Mimic. Thanks for another great video.
Man do a video on yo clovewart farm cause how tf did u level up all them like that
What about the rats?
The best summon is "Let me solo her" 😂
I think you should try the imps
I think the fanged imps are on the same level of the war hawk. Similar use in annoying the boss but there's two of them, they trow magic pots, and the have bleed weapons. I'd say for their cost they're a solid B tier.
Latenna is awesome. Longest range of any summon, and she has a story quest in the actual game. No other summon really has that, besides dung eater i guess. Top tier summon. Top tier waifu!
If you're going to cover the dung eater you should probably covered nepheli loux as well.  One thing I'm still curious about is whether the priestesses can ride ants the way Latenna the albinauric can ride wolves.
I love the mimic...
What's cool about Loretta the albernauric archer with she is around dire wolves she will ride them...
Your ranking system makes no sense.  You are giving even situationally good summons "A" tier.  That should be a C!
Banished knight Engvall helped me a whole lot...
What about Stormhawk Deenh
kristoff my favorite he is the tank
mimic tear thats it :)
I personally don’t like to use Summons. They trivialize most of the boss fights in the game. It’s no fun if the boss just has his back to you cuz he’s focused on an NPC.   I get that it’s kinda cool for new players, but I’m worried they’re setting a dangerous precedent. Plus it makes some of the later fights for us purists unbalanced. They should have at least kept the summons to the old way, whatever is on the ground.
Damn, he forgot stormhawk deenh ashes
ya when I got the jelly I was like hell ya but then watched it get recked and was like ohhh......I had high expectations.....welllll
The fact that they are not fighting the same boss makes the tier kinda odd
Hello
the reason why ppl like the jellyfish is because the way how you get rid of it ...
You are awesome my dude. Love the way you explain
Justice for the Jelly!!! 😂
It feels like you list pros and cons and then throw all that out the window and randomly pick a tier. How are some summons with zero cons only in A but summons that have several cons also in A? And then there are summons with cons in S tier which defeats the whole purpose of S tier. I'm lost.
Extremely helpful. Thanks.
MAD PUMPKIN HEAD
Nepehli Loux you can get with the potion  you get the dung eater with
How well a spirit solos a boss seems to be a pretty iffy way to rank them. I understand it's really tough to be scientific about this, but there are a lot of factors here. A lot of spirits just aren't MEANT to solo the boss, they're meant to support you.  Case and point, jellyfish. If you summon it then watch it die to the boss, then you aren't getting good value out of them. They're REALLY inexpensive, they're available almost the entire game, (both of these make them more worthy of upgrading than spirits you can barely afford or barely have any time to use before NG+) and because you aren't using them to solo bosses, they live longer than your test suggests because you're fighting with them. Jellyfish are support DPS, similar to several of the other spirits that I suspect you're underrating.
Lhutel picked up that silent H on Hugues eh? Also, how do you realize there’s a silent H on Hugues but then add an unnecessary “I” in the last syllable of “ancestral”???
Everything but mimic is garbage the mimic tear sales with your actual level and takes whatever talismans u are using at the time, it will forever be far better then litterally anything else
The jellyfish is for split agrro
“Jus go out and grab the dung eater ashes” lol good luck everyone, hope you haven’t given away Selvius’ potion yet! Oh and you have a major dungeon dive ahead of you in Leyndell among other things
Kindred of rot is my personal favorite
17:06 that was an S-tier dodge
The perfumer is also a pretty good summon
Skelebros got me through the first half of the game up until I got mimic, then Tiche.  They're meant more as a distraction to let you get off some more slower attacks/spells than just raw damage or tanking.  Also, with mimic, try putting the bubble perfumes in your equip slot.  They will use them and give you free shields during tough boss fights without actually expending them from your inventory.
Honestly there is no reason to ever use any other summon than Tiche. She's just too good.
Redmane Knight Ogha carried me vs Malenia, she would get knocked down to the ground by every other arrow, only reason I beat her😂 S tier for me for sure
Black Knife Tiche was really good for me.  I struggled with a number of endgame bosses using my regular tanks Kristoff and Lhutel... but that bleed damage from Tiche was tearing up bosses in just a couple of tries.
You forgot the 5 peasent summon
How about the Depraved Perfumer Carmaan ash?
Lhutel Army
As someone who owns birds, i will go get the warhawk knowing it’s good
Luthel should be in S tier. I end the game with only the help of Luthel
Luthel and the Troll are my best. Both survives high damage from bosses
Jellyfish a scapegoat, it’s amazing, sit and eat damage while you kill boss
Fanged imps???
Oleg in my opinion is the superior of the two banished Knights, he's been my goto summon for the last 2-3 weeks, im still using him at lvl 100.
fuck the jelly, strong position. I can respect it
To me because mimic tear hp cost makes them s tier for me because fp management in this game is Hella punishing for me I don't like to spend a ton of levels on fp unless I have to.
Lol I never even gave the jellyfish a chance
Amazing tip there's a tear that completely negates fp  cost for some time  I recommend to summon expensive ashes
Are the demi-humans ranked on this list?
Jelly fish is a support class it’s meant to build up poison
I have the same aggro issue with my mimic. It will just stand there and walk around, even after I attack or it's been hit. Like...ok man.
Mimic tear with mogh’s trident.. it is just broken
you should know that you can use the bell again to unsummon the spirit so it doesn't kill the boss...
Aww, you didn't list the avionette soldier ashes
These videos are awful. They don't take a lot of things into account like utility, builds, and situational factors.        In reality these vids should be called "Things that can carry me with little to no effort".
Imo, the best spirit summon is definitely skeleton militia. Here are my reasons.  Summons like Tiche or Mimic imo do way too much for just a summon. Sometimes, these good summons just literally take you out of the game, which is not really what I am looking for when I am summoning. I hate summons that do "too much" damage. I hate summons that kill bosses for me. I want summons to last long and occasionally distract bosses, but ultimately, I want to defeat bosses myself because overcoming challenge is part of the fun. And in that sense, Skeleton Militia is the best. They do such little damage to bosses that you never feel like you are hand held to victory. However, among all the "bad summons", they are the tankiest because they have a chance to resurrect themselves. So in that sense, they are summons that distract bosses throughout the entire fight but don't directly contribute to the fight in terms of dealing damage. Which is why they are perfect.
Dung eater spirit over powered a tier +
The style of testing just does not work based on how summons are meant to be used. They aren't meant to 1v1 bosses even if they are capable of doing so.
Actually Finlay is very good. Because she often uses buff that improve your physical damage negotion like dragoncrest talisman. Plus she uses often rot attack then holy saucers if the fight area is not big enough. Boss health bars really melting when they affected. I like Tiche but probably you have to choose good ashes depends the boss abilities and weaknesses.
That archer lady is not good lmao
He was using the jelly wrong. Its S tier easy
So. You put mimic tear in teir A just to annoy people so they can click the video to see if you’ve really done it..? Kinda lame mate.
Bruh the jellyfish is really good when you’re also fighting, I think everyone knows it’s not that amazing when you aren’t fighting too
I have to use cheap ashes because all my points are going to other attributes in my build
Summon the jelly fish if you happen apon a jellyfish looking for her lost sister
The ultimate test: Malenia v summons 😂
I'm pretty sure that these Summons have strength based on your stats also. Possibly Arcane? or possibly Faith or Intelligence? Much better video.
You are missing the Page ashes and the Demi Human Ashes. I'm kind of at the start and I got these two
Some spirits have different roles compared to others. Some are archers, others are great at dodging, and then you have the tanks. That's what the jellyfish is for. She can survive a long time, but her attack is little more than a taunt to encourage the enemies to attack her. So she *is* useful, but she sucks if you're not helping her. That said, you do eventually get tankier tanks that also damage the enemy, and in the case of those with greater numbers, confuse the boss' ai more effectively. The greatshield soldiers are an example of this. So I do think your assessment of the jellyfish is a bit unfair, it's not fully unwarranted either.
Rot Dog S tier
The jelly is a god. Just cuz it can’t solo the boss for you doesn’t mean it’s trash. I’ve used the jelly throughout the whole game. Jelly has saved my ass countless time by grabbing aggro at the perfect time.
Jellyfish will forever be S Tier
There is also fanged imp ashes. You can have them as your starting  keepsake allowing you destroy the early game with ease.
What about Pumpkin Head ash?
One thing with the Marionette guys that happened to me the first time I summoned them was that they just kind of wander off, if they don't have a target infront of them
Igot the 100 fp halbert knight early on and grinded to get mt fp to 100. He made my boss fights so much more easy.
I was trying to decide between Olev or Luthel or someone else. I ended up going with Crystallid Ashes and I dont regret it. Olev does a lot of damage but dies so easily. Luthel can tank but the teleport makes her lose aggro a lot. I also tried Latenna and even though her arrows are great, shes immobile and any aggro means shes instantly killed. Crystallid may not do a lot of damage but shes a BOSS tanking. She can fight forever without dying as long as the enemy doesnt do blunt/strike damage. Highly reccomend.
What about kaiden summon build?
Jellyfish would be awesome if you can summon more than one
I feel like with the way you test them by letting them solo the boss can be a bit skewed when most of these summons are SUPPORT characters
So Nexts Up.
I dont think its pronounced tish my guy. I think its pronounced like the Greek goddess Tyche which is pronounced like Nike but with a t.
Great video!!!
B
I like your channel a little better. You're not telling us every item in the game is F'in OP and should not be in Elden Ring. Lmfao
i ran low fp so the soldier ones tended to be great especially godrick soldiers were good at creating openings all the way into late game thanks for your thoughts on poke-souls
Rotten stray is like the jellyfish, you need to be fighting, and they help, they don't 1v1 the boss. Rot dog has killed many bosses for me, long after he's dead.
u missed many
stormhawk deenh?
your test is invalid. the jellyfish isn't supposed to 1v1 enemies
Man why tf you would care about fp when you can easily use the crystal tear to remove fp cost lol….
Why only 25 there 50 so far that I have?
jellyfish is above s, it should be s+, idk how man times my jellyfish saved my rump in early. it might not be the best dps however so good at tanking and distracting boss
greatshield warriors have always been my fav... so good
Ride or Die with Jellyfish...
oleg does splash damage
Nice list and I'd say pretty accurate. I like how much testing you did to come to your conclusions, definitely not a low-effort video.  Did you try the jar puppet? Might not be particularly strong solo, but he throws a lot of interesting debuffs at bosses, from bleed jars to oil, so I found him quite unique for a cheap summon.  Thanks for the video.
Jellyfish is S-tier in my heart forever
You missed the snake boi.   he is pretty tanky, agressive and he does a lot of fire/magma attacks.  easy A tier for me (most likely toward the top of A tier)
You forgot the land squirt ashes!
To note, none of these ashes are worth anything in NG+ except for mimic tear ofc since he basically doubles your build (or another build of your choice) with slightly reduced damage.  Unfortunately, in NG+ most of the items are useless except a few absolutely broken builds.  Good luck guys.  Get ready for the one shot squads.
MARVIN!!!!
He missed the warhawk Deehn ashes
Your testing method is very flawed, as it assumes every spirit's best use is to take aggro and tank damage however some spirits may perform better when the player is taking aggro and tanking damage while the spirit deals out damage.
I am shocked that no one mentioned Nepheli Loux Ashes. If you are willing to lose her questline and giving here the potion - you can get the ashes and it’s awesome. High damage, kind of tanky and super fast.
Where's the Kaiden warrior?
Amon wasn't in here hopefully next video
I think the mausoleum knights can be very good if you try cursed-blood pot to the boss, it makes your summon go on a frenzied state and will focus on the one you threw the pot at
I'm glad the best girl Latenna got an S tier, she is just so unbelievably clutch. So my boss runs goes: try to solo and learn the boss's patterns, if I feel like I really can't solo, I summon mimic tear, if we still can't do it, I try tiche, and when all else fails, I summon Latenna. Whenever I struggled alone, with mimic or with tiche, she somehow just blitzes through it. I struggled with fire giant, valiant gargoyles, astel, the dragon at ranni's questline, and then when I summon her, I defeat the boss first try. She just spams arrow like her life depends on it she's crazy.  She might be stationary and will not dodge any attack but her range is absolutely massive so if you manage to draw the boss away from her, it's game over
Wolves and Jellyfish are A or S tier early on, but they're early game summons. They fall off hard, but that's by the time you have better options.
To protect Latenna the Albinauric you can use the Shabiri's Woe to atract the agro from enemies.
I'm still early game but so far demihumans are OP
You're missing a few summons. The rats and dungeater
Blood hound Knife  Omenkiller rollo Dung eater Warhawk
I was able to finish the game with mimic tear... But listen guys. Before the boss fight as the guy mention in the video I bring some beefy armor(Bull Goat Armor and Bloodhound Fang +10 sword i dont know the correct name of it but you can get early in the game in Limgrave just need a little bit a dodging skills and you can beat the boss ass very hard) (For mimic tear you need to do Ranni quest line later in the game as it is much more easier to find the summon) You can just upgrade the weapon and the summon to max level when you progress the game. So when the boss fight begin summon your mimic tear with this setup (Bull Goat Armor + Bloodhund Fang +10) and then just right after you summon the mimic tear heal yourself up and change you armor and weapon to healing stuff + mage build. With this you can keep your summon alive until he finishes off the boss like nothing by healing it + support him with ranged mage weapon. EASY. Note, that if you cant summon the mimic tear, it is a different story, because at some bosses in the game you cant just summon your mimic tear or any other summons.
THE JELLY FISH ISN'T BAD....YOU ARE BAD!!!!!!!!!!
I think some of these are ranked based on things they aren't meant for, like Dolores. She's definitely not for bosses, since most don't sleep. It's fine for the God Skin Duo, though I'd also summon the other guy.
No vulgar militia
Mimic Tear, Banished Knights Oleg and Engvall, and Latenna the Albinauric are my go to Ash Summons mid to late game. I used the Demi Humans, Jellyfish, and Marionette Soldiers early in the game. Rotten Stray is a scrappy summon and applies Scarlet Rot to enemies, I think it's a bit underrated. Other than that, I haven't really messed with the rest of the Ash Summons. I have every known summon, I really need to try out Redmane Knight Ogha, Black Knife Tiche, and Dung Eater. Bloodhound Knight and Rollo the Omenkiller would be killer if they weren't so glass cannon, they just need more health. I pretty much agree with your tier list. Mimic and Oleg will do some work if you just stand back and let them.
Just an FYI since you had trouble with them killing your token bosses for video making - you can recall the summons by using the item again and selecting yes.  You don't need to stand between them and hope to die before they win. :D
Started with the wolves and never stopped using them.  Kind of a whatever thing IMO.
only p words using summons
Lhutel the headless is so good at maintaining aggro and actually beating the crap out of everything.
Hey man great video, been watching you since battlefront days. Can you do a video on the best weapon tier with upgrades and ashes of war being considered? That would be awesome. Pce dude.
I'm surprised to see Stormhawk Deenh not listed
Keep the Jellyfish out cho f**kin mouth -Will Smith
Also Rollo as you mentioned used fire breath with can reset frostbite, so if you're like me who has two Dark moon Great swords and applied a lot of frost he'd reset it allowing me to get that percent damage again all the while he does bleed damage. Also he's pretty good at helping to stagger bosses. Though I do agree with A tier because unless you're doing a specific build he does fall off.
Is KAIDEN SELLSWORD ASHES good?
I usually don't use summons but when I did, I used Jellyfish during Margit fight. Jellyboy took the aggro for me and I was able to beat Margit with literally no upgrades because I thought I'm supposed to face him early. Jellyfish is great because it literally stays in one spot so your opponent won't be moving much if the aggro was on Jelly and it survives long enough for you to deal big damage. Honestly, survivability of the summons is the king, not the damage.
for me minic is the best,the more u level up the more he strong
I've seen an animation with the hawk where boss covers his eyes (windmill boss)
The fault with this review is that the spirit summons aren't supposed to solo bosses. They're supposed to provide you with support while you fight the boss. In cases like that, the rotten stray is great. You fight the boss normally, but they get the scarlet rot from the dog. It's not good at taking hits, you...you are. Well, assuming you know how to dodge, of course.
My Oleg didn't die vs Rykard, so its more than enough to have.
So nothing about the fanged imps?
with dolores you dumb, the point is that you taking agro and he makes your enemies sleep. You kite or block does not matter, but while you just evading boss - he makes the work for you and you just doing crits
You missed a few and I disagree with some of your opinions. But otherwise it's alright.
I watched a previous vid and you have great content the one thing I miss is the time stamps with s tier next to them a teir etc like you had in a previous vid.
The 3 giant rats, they cost nothing.  Or the 3 small pots  Hahahaha😄
Oleg is actually better, if you max him out his stats actually scale higher. He becomes a tank that takes more damage then any other summon and deals alot of damage of his own, even finished rykard for me in the second fight so he really should be in a tier Edit: didn't know also he is immune to status effects, never payed attention if that's all summons or not
Where do Avionette Soldier Ashes go? Also Demi human ashes and Fanged Imp?
Have you seen Latenna's hidden ability? If you're fighting a wolf she will mount it.
Yelly....
I’d argue that the jelly is a summon that NEEDS you to be fighting, while it spits venom at a distance. Judging the summons by how they do 1v1 is only part of the rankings. Some summons are pure support.
The rot dog should be mentioned is an automatic win on Margit :) That summon, on its own, beats him by inflicting the rot on him very easily, and then you just avoid him until he falls over.  I was trying out various things on Margit to get an edge, and as soon as I pulled out the dog he just dropped dead first try with no actual effort put into the fight.
I wonder if Depraved Perfumer Carmaan could make the list
Idk man everyone says the mimic is really good but mine is dumb as hell never healing or using an attack with a 5 hour charge up right in front of a boss
Jellyfish has gotten me through a lot of tough battles. I can't abandon them now
You missed Demihuman ashes ...they are fire. And also kaiden warriors
Check out the kindred of rot ashes
Black knife tiche is the real boss, and latenna in combination with terra mágica sorcery is a beast
Wish I could run around overworld with Tiche. Love everything about the follower. Very cool aesthetic, the combos are wild, dodges intelligently, good health, excellent % damage. Better than a lot of players I've seen lmfao.
the FP cost argument isn’t very good. the cerulean tear just negates all fp cost. unless you really need other things i’m your physic, it’s extremely good.
No bubble girls? Smh..
What about deprived perfumer
Love your vids b
excellent video
You will refer to the jellyfish by her name: Aurelia.
The headless is awesome and i think she should be S.
What about storm hawk? It buffs you and does all the other hawk like things……
Irrelevant topic, all ashes make the game easier. Just learn the fights without them.
Wasted an hour and a half getting the black knife and get it to +10 just for it to get 2 hit by melenia
You forgot to add that latenna has another deal where if you summon here near a dire wolf she fights close and does more damage
You can get a Nepheli loux puppet instead of getting the dung eater puppet through seluvis’ quest. Does anyone know how that puppet compares to dung eater? seeing how good he is I would think nepheli would also be very strong
Oleg has been through the most with me, he is at 1 in my heart
Where is the depraved parfumer carmaan? It's found in the secret wall of volcano manor.
The Jelly Fish is a meme
i mean jellyfish is a tank not a dmg dealer so its really good
How are the stone imps
PLEASE, in the description of the times put (S) next to the top ones.
When I see that spread sheet I cant wait to watch
i recently started liking the amcestral archer. hate those bastards but when they snipe enemies its satisfying
the yellyfish is the best if the boss can be poisoned
Jellyfish is trash
One great fallacy about this, they are not supposed to do the job for you.
The meta for a healer relying on the spirits for dps seems to be Imps imo. They have decent resistances, and predictably evasive. (Edit: probably why it’s a choice at the beginning imo)
I don't really know how it would scale since I have since swapped to Lhutel, but I actually REALLY liked the Demi-Human ashes. I don't remember where you get them, but it's a gang of 5 I think, and they are really good at just constantly pulling aggro. I don't remember their damage being too crazy and they can be a little squishy, but in an actual fight where they AND you are alternating aggro, they can stay alive for a surprisingly long amount of time.  Like I said, I have since switched to Lhutel after farming for an eternity to have the FP to spawn her, and Lhutel FUCKS things up. But the demi-humans and the wolves absolutely carried me through some early-game boss fights and ruins/dungeons/etc.
i mostly agree with you, would love to see the Fanged Imps in this video as it is one of the starting keepsakes, and in my opinion they are highly overpowered until the endgame
I appreciate the time you spent making this video, however....... It's an unfair representation of some of those summons, a few of them are meant to be played as support, not to take a boss out by themselves. Take the jellyfish, they do a descent job when you take the aggro away from them. I realise this isn't a " best you have to use" video but the summons, to really ge the best out of them, have to be used how they are intended to fully gauge how good they really are. Nice video though 👍
If you use a support spirit as support , the spirit will suck by its own vs the boss... if you are the tank and have a glass cannon in the back for constant dps on the boss a spirit will be amazing at the same time suck against the boss.
I don't necessarily know a better way to do it but I have to say I dont think the 1v1 format is fair for summons that are meant to be more of support, like Latenna. Archers are much more useful as someone who stands back while the player distracts the enemy. Also, jellyfish for life. Jelly is great in some situations. It has pretty high health, and can poison enemies.
Tiche is best
I like Vampire Golem Bros. Not sure how good they are in lategame, but I was impressed how much damge they can take in earlygame. They were melting Margit. I was shocked..^^
Great video! the Dung Eater looks amazing! Gonna go get him!
I agree with your jellyfish assessment!
Latenna is my fav spirit, my friend keeps telling me to use better ones but for me she suits my play style and I think she’s cool , she killed one the bosses by herself I was confused in what had happened 🤣
Headless definitely takes out bosses by herself for me. She deserves to be S tier for sure.
Yo ! I didn't see any mention of Nepheli puppet ! Wich is godlilke as well  !
Why does it sound like you are adding a T to your letters when you pronounce them?
HAIL JELLYFISH
you can unsummon the ashes by using the bell a second time, in case they are op
I've really enjoyed using the imps that you get when creating a character. like the wolves but more aggressive, has ranged attacks, and more tank
What buff does cleanrot knight Finley give you?
Maby the jellyfish its bad, but its my friend and i will use it, its called Alberto
Well the jellyfish is more of a distraction so you can get a bunch of hits in while they’re poisoning the boss.. not really meant to do all the work so if that’s the case then yeah the jelly is not up there, but for a distraction for back and forth so you can get some hits in from the back it’s an A+++
Lhutel is S tier trust me. Not sure what your tests consisted of beyond this boss fight and smaller enemies you stated but you can get hear early on pretty much almost right out the door beginning of the game and she outclassed everything I had. She beat bosses by herself and survived almost every single boss fight I used her in. As with some summons there are some bosses shes just not suited for but its very far and few in between. She's so incredibly tanky and can do the ghost type enemy fade out and in ability which makes her totally avoid damage. Against some of the more aggressive bosses when she would do the ghost vanish their entire combo would miss leaving the boss open for her and my attacks. Other summons would be very useful yes but most would die near the end of the boss fight which is fine or others just don't do enough damage.   The only slight issue I had with her was with some bosses she would for some reason just strafe around them doing nothing and vanish at random times losing the boss aggro which as a mage I want her to keep aggro. This was with a few bosses though like I want to say 2 or 4 so it wasn't a major issue. I would definitely consider her THE best or one of the top 3 Spirit Ashes in the game and I have almost all of them. Black Knife Tiche and the Azula Beastmen come really close and are the only other two Spirit Ashes I use when Lhutel gave me boss aggro issues.
Bro there is a pumpkin head summon spirit also
Is latenna or redmane knight ohga better
Finally, someone on the same page as me with the jelly. It’s slow, it doesn’t pull aggro, and its poison isn’t worth the FP cost.
I use the pumpkin head spirit and love him. I was curious how he stacks up but didn't see him in the video.
I wonder why there isn't a Cuckoo Knight ash
For deloras to be good you have to pair that summons with a sleep weapon yourself… that’s the purpose of builds and having different summons for different things. Cough cough St. Trina Sword.
The jellyfish is more useful as a tank in my opinion. Very good health for the cost and being only one is useful for bosses with lot of AoE. Also you can get it very soon at the early game
Dawg the jellyfish is literally perfect for distraction not for just a 1v1 battle, of course he is gonna he destroyed if is 1v1 but he is still really good if you help
Jellyfish's entire role is to be a tank.  You do the damage, Bro Jelly tanks the beatings lol
Lhutel is S tier to me. She doesn’t have the highest dps, but she’s a very amazing tank. She never dies on me with her shield, teleporting and overall tankiness.   In general this list skews towards ashes that focus on damage with good survivability. The great thing about the ashes is that there’s different ashes for different play styles.
Haven't seen a comment in the top 20 or so mentioning this, so PSA: if you want your spirits to attack one specific enemy, throw a Cursed-Blood Pot at it. You get the recipe from the cookbook found in the Rose Church in Liurnia.
aww not the Kaiden Sellsword hes my GUY
The serpent wit the whip is A tier/S tier
Just come here to say, you don't *NEED* these spirits. Eff you and your video, dislike.
You missed the radahn soldier ashes
You left out the lost nobles.
Demi human:  what about me
Redmane knight ogha just stands around for me, shoots a few bows. Barely does melee, I’d say lhutel is much better
I can’t believe you put Luhtel in A tier and Redmane Knight in S 😂
The jellies are horrible. F tier for sure.
The point of the wolves r to distract the bosses. They're fast and have small hitboxes causing bosses to leave you alone to hit long combos
I recommend Demi humans
I'm missing Kaiden Sellsword. I'm playing as a sorcerer, so I need someone to tank for me. And he is perfect, at least early and middle game. He has a large health pool, deals good damage and can even buff himself.
Use eardtree heal on great shield soldiers for unlimited hp lol
"she's actually pretty decent... "   S-Teir...
did i just see dung eater doing 2200 dmg XD
I see your Points but they Only Orbit Around Bosses, Damage and Health  But Against Mobs and the Immunity to some have in certain Situations make them Excellent  But Good Video, Of Course ✨
Jellyfish is OP even without upgrades
STORMHAWK DEENH
I think people misunderstood the jelly. It's not a damage spirit, it's literally just there to be a meat shield and take hits for you
What tier would you say the imps would be at? Probably same or one higher than wolves because of the bleed?
throw cursed blood on the boss for the mausoleum soldiers to move in
Oh look another spirit tier list shocker
What about stormhawk deenh he's like a better version of the warhawk
I do like the Jellyfish early on, but yeah, it just doesn't hold up later in the game. Though I would say the Nightsisters are definitely S tier. I literally have killed bosses with just them while I kept dodging attacks.
latenna can ride wild wolves, very situational but can come in handy
Battlemage Hughes would be pronounced huge like in Fullmetal alchemist
Didn’t even know you can level them up..
The jellyfish is trash
Jarwight.    I will swear by that goofy dude until the day I die.    Not good at taking on stuff solo, but nothing brings more status support to the table, while constantly evading things, than him in my opinion.
Mimic tear is so tanky. Many people create builds based on the mimic tear. Just to make the most tanky mimic tear. And all u need to do is find it in nokron city after beating radhan.
jellyfish is meant for a quest not fighting
I've been using night maiden and Swordstrees since I acquired them. I checked out this video just to see how they tier.
The Jellyfish is absolute shit lol
Jellyfish is wack I’m sorry
the turet girl archer can tame and ride wolfs and dogs too so thats pretty neat.
I like to use the Kaiden Mercenary a lot, specifically for his ability to break the stance and knock down bosses which saved my butt as a glass Canon a few times
Boss when you fight them vs when you have them as a weapon is a big difference Edit: rotten stray summons can't 1 shot the bosses like they can with you?
At this point, when he says "rotten strays are hard to fight, but that doesn't translate well to bosses..." I feel strange... I am level 15 and 1-shot them, and they barely do anything to me...? :D
U should do one with the imps
There’s one called rat pack I think. I would’ve thought nothing of it. But in the description the ammount of rats summoned is effected by the level of the spirit. And they apparently “multiply” during the fight. So I’d like to see what a lvl 9 rat pack looks like pls
About the ad in this video what celebrities do for their diet , they eat in a caloric deficit and they drink a shit ton of clen, a corticosteroid that makes u burn fat like crasy but at a risk of heart hypertrophy and death
The shield bros help me beat the triple crystalines. They are so good at giving you time by drawing agro.
Headless is B or C tier, not really useful.
dungeater
wyt abou stormhawk deenh?
I’m still relatively early game but really like the demi-human ashes. Upgrade them and use them at night and they are pretty tough. I’m a Str/Faith build and have healing to keep them up which is also helpful
Jellyfish is hot garbage 💀
Yo wheres my boi Jarhead? Hes an easy S tier!
If you hit a boss with a cursed blood pot it will make your spirits super agro on them so handy for the mausoleum soldiers
My dude, backup your saves before running tests in the future. Aside from that, loved the video. Cheers!
What about the nightmaiden and swordstress puppets?
How dare u speak ill of dolores
I agree with your tier list for the most part, I would add that there is a number of spirit ashes that you are missing, if you decide you want to do another tier list. One that is a pain to get, but personally i would say is up in the top tier near A or S would be Nepheli Loux Puppet. To get her, you have to do the same thing as you would the dung eater, but when you get the potion from Selivus, you have to make sure you give it to Nepheli after she is in her 'weakened state' (when she is at the bottom of the stairs saying she is a failure to her father in the roundtable area). If you do give her the potion, then you follow the Ranni quest line until selivus is dead and go down to the puppet guy where you can claim the dung eater spirit ash, or the Dolores spirit ash. I would lastly like to mention the Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet. She is another one that you can get that is pretty useful, especially if you're a more tanky build. You can get a chance to see more or less what she does when you fight Radhan, if you summon her. More or less she plays a role of a healer, while still doing bits of damage here and there. Personally, I'd probably rank her around a B, but seeing you test her out would be interesting. Thanks for this great video! I haven't had the time to go through.   Last thing i would say is, thus far, I have found there to be about 68 Spirit ashes. A lot of them are 'ok' early, but late game aren't very useful.
So all good about the warhawk and no bad B tier? Got it
Damned good video, I can appreciate the time that went into making this.  Here's to that!
You missed Stormhawk Deenth. They are pretty great, getting all the benefits that the Jellyfish has (avoiding aoes and environment damage and slams) they do decent damage, and they buff your damage with a screech skill. I like the Perfumers too, they provides decent buffs (Tricia will give the damage reduction buff from the Bubbletear) and they also use various perfumes.
Lutena can also ride the large Wolves in Caria Manor and Mountain Top.
Jelly is good for Backup, if you’re fighting a boss he’ll easily do hella poison damage.
where's the mad pumpkin head spirit
What about the thunder hawk legendary ashes one
The mimic is absolutely crazy, with staff of the dead prince and just one spell, like Adula's moonblade, he keeps using it quickly, destroying everything. He solo most of the bosses in NG+2
I think the reason you don’t rank the jellyfish high is because you’re testing a support ash as a stand-alone. It’s like saying golden vow incantation is bad because it doesn’t do any damage lol
Latenna is my favorite. She has not let me down once yet and she is just so dang cool. I also like the Jarhead puppet too.
Give mimic tear bloodhounds steps and he will easily be the best ash you could ask for
I think ancestral follower should be lower, otherwise i agree :)
Nightmaiden & swordstress is the mains of one of my characters, they are fairly tanky, good at aggro and such but a monk with the nox mace wouldve been better than the nightmaiden. Ogha is one of my favorite boys. I summoned him against the trio crystaliens unupgraded and he ended up stunlocking two of them without cracking them because his greatbow is just that great against them. Besides that if he switches to melee his well equipped as well.
Fire monk ashes
How can you tell if they upgrade with grave or ghostworts?
Yes those banners for Dolores vids are just clickbaits. 😅
What about nepheli,  the hand maiden who heals you and buffs or the jars? Or even the puppet with a Jat on his head? The lizardmen,
Yeah the jellyfish sucks for sure after the early game.
I really enjoyed the page ashes. Got me through my first playthrough!!
You forgot the perfumers!
Ppl who recommending jelly fish are they really finish the game 🤣🤣🤣
it seems like you still don't understand why the Jellyfish is #1 and will always be. Shame  Also, the Jellyfish have a name.
Have you tried using the avionette soldiers? What do you think of them?
What about the Imp ashes
U missed Blackflame Monk Amon  & Depraved Perfumer Carmaan ( Magic & melee & drink health pots )
where is the giant rat ashes?!?!
The wolves are great against a bunch of smaller enemies, not great against late bosses
Pumpkin head??
So hey, just we know, the jellyfish actually has a sister you can unlock later in the game. Summoning the sister next to her unlocks a door, and chest with a really nice magic talisman that lowers MP for casting spells. Pretty useful actually, and it adds another jelly to your summon.
I’m with you bro the jellyfish isn’t good
U missed the starting gift imp ashes, they are easy s tier early game, those bleed procs makes are highly satisfying
Try Avionette soldier Ashes there are two of them they’re dodgy they can fly and they’re aggressive you might like them I feel they would be  around an A toB tier
I use the mimic as mage. I have only strong spells so…mimic does full moon all the time lol
Good video, just wondering, we’re you testing for just DPS or tankiness?
where the imps at?
The two different upgrade materials for the ashes affect their stats differently
I currently have 8 spirit ashes and as far as I know only 1 of the ones I have can give you a buff ( Stormhawk Deenh can give atk buff) are there any other spirits that can give you any sort of buff?
Marionette soldiers always survive for me. I love that they draw agro from a distance, which lets me get some hits off and redirect a boss back to me, then they draw agro from a distance again, rinse and repeat. I know they are accurate because every boss looks like a pincushion lol. Oftentimes they get that last hit in to finish the boss. I suppose it depends on your play style, but for me they are top tier.
i just found a giant pumpkin spirit and came to see where he was placed only to be sad hes not here...
As a Mage Black Knife Tiche is perfect. She distracts Bosses allowing mages to do what mages do best, rain down hell at a safer distance
The best summon is the dung eater
Black knife tiche killed the elden beast for me. I helped some but she dealt the final blow
What about the Fire Monk ?
Why did you say the jellyfish is bad? Its amazing at tanking . Its attack aggros the bosses 90% of the fight so you can get your damage in . The jellyfish cant kill bosses no but for its pure heavy aggro i rate A tier at least .
I like to use a bow with "barrage" as the ash of war for my mimic tear. I noticed it randomly switched between the two arrow types i eauipped, so i normally put on poison and scarlet rot arrows before i summon it. Its really useful against big bosses that are effected by status :)
honestly since i started using mimic tear nothing else can compete i finished the game twice and mimic tear does the job flawlessly
I'm assuming this is 'the best ashes you've found' and not total comprehensive list? 'cause there are so many not here that I'm curious your opinion on that I just kinda haven't cared to test myself. One of the ones I enjoy is Stormhawk Deenh. It doesn't have the flame attack the Warhawk has, but it also buffs the player (don't know how much tbh). It likely won't do so much solo damage 'cause it seems like a support ash, but it could probably do rather well.
I find that the marionette soldiers helped me stagger the enemies a lot more because they would continue hitting the boss which would not let the stagger bar drain down
I don't get why people get mad at you, you did a fantastic job and it should always be clear that every ash can be used with a certain build. I for example didn't use summons at the start, but then struggled with Rennala and tried every summon I had so far. From that point on many smaller bosses where just me and my marionettes stunlocking bosses with constant attacks
Lhutel has carried me through this game so far. 9/10
the Demi Humans are underrated man, I use them all the time and theyre great.
I don't know what to say except that this is a great video
how are you going to say that the headless ash needs to be in A tier instead of S because she doesn't melt bosses, then put an archer who hits for 250-350 in S tier... That archer isnt melting anything but time lol
Latenna is an absolute beast. Using her I cheesed the bridge dragon in the greyoll's dragonbarrow.
Jellyfish poisons thats the main thing that it is used for.
Master Hueges and Jellyfish deserve a top spot
Greathshield Soldiers are one of the best summons IMHO. I would put it A tier or even S tier. They are very useful on fights with more than one boss or in áreas with multiple mobs. They did the difference in fights like Godskin Duo, Captain Niall and others.
Am I the only one who recognizes Jarwight. He can deal so much damage while still tanking a bunch. Sure there is RNG involved, but he throws pots so fast that you barely notice. If you get 2-3 good pots in a row, he melts bosses. And honestly, I like the RNG, I think he's fun to use since I'm not dependent on summons anyways.  Also, Chad points since he's naked.
Black knight tiche is the best for me,, its like partner to fight boss... +10 tiche is unbeateable....
why would you rank a spirit that’s better at range when you’re letting them solo a boss? You also don’t rank them outside of bosses which is where some of these ashes really shine, but I suppose that would be kind of hard to rank? All in all, you clearly put effort into this video and I really enjoyed it!
You sound like a young Mr. Beat wtf lmao
Me and Warhawk fucked everyone up
What's the most versatile and what's your top 3?
the tree protector bosses are basically asylum demons from dark souls with a faster moveset (imo)
Fun fact about Letannya: if you use her ashes when fighting wolves, there’s a chance she will jump on one of the wolves and ride it around while firing her arrows. Completely caught me off guard when she did that.
what abuat Nepheli Loux Puppet ashes ???
Dolores carry you in the godskin duo, just saying
I would but I can’t fuck wit sum body named the loathsome DUNG EATER like that nasty asl
Jellyfish doesn't do damage 🤦🤦 it's literally a tank early game. It's literally the reason I got to defeat Margit, it allowed me to stagger Margit a few times and critical hit him easily. That was a stupid assessment of the jellyfish imo
You had cleanrot knight Finlay fight a godskin, godskins don't really take holy damage, latenna can also ride an enemy direwolf if one is available.    The Loathsome Dung Eater is definitely the best, his yell is a debuff for enemies as well
Latenna can also tame wolves and ride them (try it)
Ok great video, thanks for all the work.   What about the following: Kindred of Rot, Avionette Soldiers, Depraved Perfumer Carmaan, Mad Pumpkin Head, Pages and Raya Lucaria Soldiers and Kaiden as ashes. Kindred of rot is sneaky and moves fast, applies rot and has quick nasty jabs with his glaive.
The jelly fish isn’t good in a 1v1… it’s good as a tangy sniper to take the agro from the bosses which gives u breathing room to heal. And it’s tanky
Jellyfish aint #1 again?!?   Jk great vid. Thanks for the testing and your opinions. Just what I was looking for.
Bro doesn't understand the point of the jellyfish it's a tank ash I'm pretty sure it has the highest health in the game second to only the mimic tear
Giant Rats are overwhelming and you gain a maximum of five rats at level 10.
I’m level 70 and my lvl 10 dung eater carried me through the Mogh boss fight
Mimic Tear op af lululul
26 +9 ashes, I'm struggling to get luthel the headless, think that's the name, past +4, then again I'm taking my time and I'm only just in liurnia, can't find that academy key for the life of me
Just putting my opinions out there. The wolf ashes seem to be used to draw aggro from the little guys so you can focus on the bigger ones
Dude, if meh is in your description or "I don't think they're worth it" then they're a C tier. Widen your ratings dude. Bad job.
“Pretty decent” and S class don’t really go together.
the loathsome Dunggg Eaterrrr
This game hasn't made me feel a way about jellyfish since Spongebob
I watched Black Knife Tiche beat Melania's ass. Took out her whole first phase...I was SHOCKED 😲 She kept knocking her down, and her bleed outweighed Melania's drain.......I'm tellin yall...Tiche is GODLY
This page is D Tier lol
Euh... The Black Knife Tiche doesn't hold a candle to one I see you didn't review... The Dung Eater.    It's a wierd one to get but it solo's bosses like there's not tomorrow.  Don't give the Blue potion from Ranni's quest to noone at the Round Table... Save it and give it to the Dung Eater in the sewer to turn him into a puppet, then find the hidden laboratory of Seluvis and he'll sell you puppets (summons)  Including the Dung Eater.  (The quest line is a little more involved but I'm sure there's guides for it)  High HP, High Resists, Casts Ranged Cursed Scream Bolts, he causes bleed, and chain casts Shriek of Milos debuffing
I use the Warhawk and it’s surprisingly good.  Deals good damage has a little burst of fire, and can take a hit surprisingly well
what about the storm hawk deenh ashes?
Average S tier ashes enjoyer : *imagine the meme with the guy with the beard raging* Me, a jelly otp who played the whole game with it and maxed it to +10: Yes
Great review overall! However, it seems kind  of hard to rank them all the same way when they aren't really supposed to be used the same way. For example, the Rot Dog isn't really built to keep aggro the whole time. If I were using the dog, I'd try to maintain aggro for the entire fight and just have the dog proc rot over and over.
Jelly fish is trash, good at 1st to distract but trash,
How about the Godrick Soldier Ashes? It's a melee/ranged 2 summon combo
pumpkinhead?
I feel like the Marionette soldiers do extremely well in non-boss situations, especially compared to a lot of other summons who can die easily from being swarmed.
u forgot about nepheli loux
Radahns soldiers are demons 😈
Soldjars of Fortune all the way
So Black Knife Tiche is best?
both Godrick and Radahn solders are very good, they are somewhat A tier. And I have to disagree on Headless, she is S tier, very annoying, tough to kill
11:20 she can ride wolfs if there are any near her
Yeah the jellyfish is just plain trash and not even worth getting or even spending FP to use.
some bloke recommended this video, but I am not gong to watch anything with a clickbait title. Is the TLDW just: Tiche broken and Jellyfish noob trap, or does he offer any actual insight?
The Puppet Sisters are the best in my opinion, for versatility builds. They carried me through the whole game.
I mean, the Land Squirts are obviously S tier, but they arent even included.  Sad
Jelly fish has a questline therefor it’s the best one
I agree with the jellyfish rank. Everyone kept telling me how pog it is but whenever I tried to use him it was always a disappointment.
So Lhutel does more dmg than Oleg, is tankier than oleg can evade but is A while Oleg is S?  Also the shield dudes should at least be A or S.
Lhutel the headless is that guy
Heck’s naw you’d put Latenna at s but Lhutel at a you wrong for that lol
Where is the imp summon I use them they slay lol.
I can't believe you costing hp instead of fp is a downside, it's a huge upside for me.
there are early game ashes and late game ashes, some of them cost 30 fp some of them cost 130fp.
Lol I knew I had good taste. The only summons / puppets I’ve used in the game are ranked in the S tier. 😂
Facts jellyfish is beyond mid
Latenna S+ Waifu tier
Only thing i disagree with is the Nightmaiden and Swordstress Puppets. To me these are easy S tier. They absolutely destroy most bosses i fight without me even having to do much. If i help it’s literally unfair.
Jellyfish explained.... does bloodloss... plays well with katanas.. almost always procs or makes your next hit proc... just saying.
Bruh where is my bro Jarwight ? dude carry hard and viable with huge arsenal.
Well yeah, you're using Dolores against a boss with a high sleep resistance... Like. What? Lmao. It wrecks the godskin duo and anything that can be put to sleep. Really bad match up...
Worst tier list
Jellyfish in D tier? That's it. I'm committing a crime
I would put the wolves, even though I love their aesthetic, at D tier. They are great with over world mobs, sure. However, against bosses they’ve died countless times to the first round of aggro, even in the beginning areas. Granted I’m still early in the game and haven’t figured out how to level spirits up yet,  but still. I’ve watched them get wiped multiple times to Rune Bears and that damned murder tree at the bottom of the dungeon next to the tutorial. Had to beat that mf solo because the wolves were useless.
You forgot Storm hawk deenh
I can't believe you never added the old man summon smh, S tier
Black knife tiche or bust. Shawty bad
I think Lhutel the Headless is definitely #1 of the A tier and maybe deserves to be at the end of S tier. I would have preferred if you ranked everything is complete order not just separate tiers. For example, whatever order you put them in, in each tier the 1st at the beginning being the best and the last one at the end being the worst of that tier….but I see how this could cause more problems with peoples opinions. All and all great video!
Where's the special ash war falcon?
Question how good are the imp ashes?
Might have to disagree on the greatshield soldiers respectfully lol , they were doing massive damage and was helping me take bossed like Godfrey (real form) radagon etc down to half health in about no longer than 3-4 minutes tops they were staggering radagon like crazy as well , along with my help of course but I think you get the point
WAY too much in S and A tier, especially Latenna is maybe B Tier on most Bosses! Imho many of the A Tier are B Tier and some B are C Tier. Just let ALL of them fight against Malenia and then you see S Tier, like the Dung Eater ;)
If you are going for Dung Eater, you have to get him before you do Ranni's quest. One of the NPCs there is part of the quest to get Dung Eater and he will die if you get to deep in Ranni's quest, locking you out of getting him.
I think the jelly fish is just meant to be a punching bag. To agro enemies away from you. That's how I use it and it's pretty good. I don't think the jellyfish was intended to deal damage.
Jelly isn't for damage, Jelly is for tanking and drawing aggro. You're only looking at the damage an ash does, which is only one aspect of their usefulness. I would like to see how long each spirit ash lasted in these tests. Good video otherwise.
The jellyfish sometimes lasts ages but sometimes just gets slaughtered not sure why
How can you compare a jellyfish you get early game  to a late game spirit???
Where are the Jar summons?
Latenna apparently has the ability to tame and mount wolves.   It'd probably be pretty cool to use her for many open world bosses if you go find her a mount first.
Praise the Jelly!
You should update the tier list and position them in high to low ranks, Example: S: black knife tiche, mimic tear, jellyfish  Black knife tiche is better than the mimic tear, and he mimic tear is better than the jellyfish
Jellyfish is  there to draw enemy fire it is better at poisoning the enemy as you draw the aggro so letting the ashes fight without you isn’t the best way to measure any ash’s effectiveness
Anybody notice that summons aggro better onto enemies that you're locked on to. Lhutel wasn't doing anything when I first summoned her a couple of times until I started locking onto an enemy. Maybe I'm imagining it but it seems to change their behavior slightly
I think Latenna also rides Dire Wolves if they are in the area.
The loathsome DUNGEATER!!
I'm so glad someone put respect on the night maiden and swordstress I haven't used any other summon since I got them
In case you didn't know, there is a crystal you can put in your flash of wonderous physik that stops all fp costs  for a few seconds.  The funny thing is that this also lets you cast summons that you don't have enough total fp to use, so the fp cost of summons is actually not really a factor.  The crystal can be found at the Mt. Gelmir minor erdtree after fighting a putrid avatar.
My go-to-ash is Demi-Human Ash.  Those things not only distract the boss but can do a lot of crowd control if the boss has friends.
Still missing quite a few, like page, kaiden, etc.
I want to point out that because holy damage is kinda weak in the game (because a lot of things, especially the final bosses) resist it, you can go dex lightning with this weapon for even better results.
I think that the skeletal bandit is better than the militaman, since it's alone, bosses drop their aggro as soon as they knock it down, so you can distract them while the bandit gets up, while the militia being two, they usually stick together, risking dying more easily. With the right use of the bandit, you can juggle the aggro of the boss and never get a hit directed at you
Delorese the sleeping arrow is realy good against multiple targets or bosses because when he puts one to sleep he moves on to the next active target.
You ranked a tank as D because of its attack lmfaooo
Great list!
Fanged Imps?
Knight enhvall, and the marionette soldiers are my go toos
FANGED IMPS SUMMON: annoying, aggressive and procs bleed faster.
Kaiden Sellsword will always be one of my favorites. I just love watching that guy work.
Battle mage Hugues is goated that hammer smash ability and the energy ball that does aoe is incredible.. you can get him by defeating the caelid evergol boss
Summon her near wolves she will ride one of them
The milisha absolutely cheese the dark assassin boss
lhutel is godlike rest of summon except mimic is shit tier. only summon that could kill draconic sentinel 1v1. this tier is shit lol latenna should be on B, kristoff and dung boi on A, ogha tiche on A but not S they dont survive well. good summons survive the most and does good damage.
I appreciate the raw dps/survival aspect. But theres other ways to show off how good a summon is.  Jelly is garbage alone, but when you set poison up early, I need like 2 arrows or darts and the jelly can proc in 3 hits. And almost never misses. It also doesn’t seem to draw aggro fast because of the slower attacks.  Any bleed summon is definitely great if you don’t go for the OP bleed setups.   Just a thought anyways. The mobs enemies may not have great Survivability for the most part, but there a lot of them and they can pull aggro on muti enemies.   So a glass cannon mage for example can cast more safely when only one enemy is attacking them vs 3.   Maybe in the future you can look at other aspects of summon utility. And have different tier lists. Raw Dps/Survivability is definitely a great place to start. But don’t know support/aggro types. Even cheep ones for low FP builds.
Jellyfish is trash i will never use this 😂
A few missed points abt dung eater. He also has bleed and can reduce enemies damage and increases their damage taken.
Great video :) pumpkin head any use?
mimic is as strong as you, when you are weak, he is also weak .... for me is mimic number 1
Luhtel is worthless. ever single. EVERY single time i summon her, ALL she does is teleport. never attacks in any way
You don't need to get yourself killed to stop the spirit from killing the boss (as i've noticed you did in the video). You can just use the ashes again and you can dismiss them instantly
The mage in sister tower drops another one: theolina - the healer.
i spent hours getting dung eater but ion regret it, cuz of him this game feels like its in easy mode
Problem with the test is you not fighting with the spirits. The headless should be a S tier and wolves are amazing because getting attacked from 4 enemies has the bosses staggered in who to hit first.
The Dungeater is a terrible person alive, but as my puppet he wreaks havoc. Very tanky, has bleed and has a high dps spell. Love using him.
Latenna the albinauric has the ability to mount a wolf if it gets close to her. I'm not sure what kind of wolf is required, but I imagine it's the same one you'd find in the consecrated snowfield area
Good list. What is the armor you are wearing?
You are missing to one I use all the time. Gotten it to 10+ even.  To small dudes with wings, bombs and scythes
No matter what you say to me: Doggoes are still the best ashes because all three of them are good boys
What boss is best for taking out the elden beast????
this is one of the best showcase comparison video by far. i love how u move in to stop dung eater from wrecking the boss fight. You cant stop the dung eater when all he wants is to defile a corpse!!
The dung eater is the best , hands down
Pumpkinhead!
Your video clearly shows the benefit of the jellyfish, yet you don't talk anything about it. The jellyfish suck DPS wise but they are tanks, and that spray gets the enemy's attention all the time. Go ahead and hit go on guard let jellyfish spray go back and hit repeat  Of course there are much better summons than the jellyfish for this
I find Crystalian Ashes to be rubish, yeah good tank, if she was bothered to tank ... every time I use it, she just keeps spinning and dancing on her own and not helping, and when shooting she is mostly missing to hit and when it does hit it does too little damage ... whilst bosses are ignoring her and chasing me instead till they kill me, she literally has zero aggro! I would rather go with Lone Wolf or great shield soldiers...at least they take aggro from me enough for me to be able to unleash my arsenal!
The Imps are great for bleed users, though i dont know if you can get them without starting with them as the gift.
You missed my boy Stormhawk Deenh
I settled on for my first playthrough, and forever really, with Tiche, Latenna and mimic, granted, I didn't tried all the ashes, because 99% of them are enemies you can use, you can guess immediately how they would do, and plus, after trying them, you don't really need to see anymore.
Cool video. Btw if you don't want the summon killing the boss then just cast the summon again and it'll recall the summon
Poison is what makes it c tier if it can get it going
I summoned the Bloodhound knight for Astel, and he didn’t even aggro. I finally remembered to get a spirit for a boss and it didn’t do shit.
Demi human mob is amazing early game
Rotten strat is underrated if youre also gonna be hitting the boss, and if the scarlet rot activates you just gotta dodge boss moves until they die. Not a good one for mages tho
try out the pumpkin head ashe summon in calied in a dungeon next to one of the erd trees.   super tanky, takes reduced damage from frontal attacks like normal pumpkin heads, and applies bleed.
Great video!!! Awesome job!!
Bro added d tier just for the jellyfish 💀
I like watching the Warhawk so it is my go to
Great list and great commentary! Keep it up!👍
No Greatshield soldiers? L tier list
The jellyfish is the best summon because it DOESN'T kill the boss for you. It soaks hits and let's you still do the killing, thus making the boss easier without trivializing it.
Mimic tear isn't S tier. It is mimic tier
My mimic tear is brain dead.i hands yet to have him heal once even though that is what I have in my main slot.
So glad more ppl know about the dung eater puppet. So OP. And his sword is amazing too!!
Dude put an add every like 2 minutes couldn’t keep watching 🤷
Bro where's the mad pumpkinhead at?
You kinda have to tank for the ranged summons to be useful. They aren't supposed to solo bosses for you
Whats with the Deodorant Sprayer?
I can not believe the amount of ads on your video. I get it's your revenue, but I'm tolerant enough to watch yongyea videos. I can not finish this, the interruptions for ads is absolutely constant. It's every two minutes, I'm sorry but I can't keep this going.
I’m so gutted, I screwed up the dung eater quest 😭😭
I wonder if the perfumers are good at buffing a strength build or something
Loved your humor and way of presentation. Subbed 💪🏻
Mimic is hot garbage after nerf with my experience. I think the duo puppets are S tier after helping me w Mohg and Melania
My S tier is those two damn Bozos on the skeletal militia lmao or the old noble sorcerer. They always get one shot but it's Fucking hilarious
I’m a mage and the Great Shield Skeletons are an ‘S’ tier pairing with my glass cannon mojo, IMHO.
hi, dislike, bye.
BRUH 9 FUCKING ADS.. really
This is just kind of a weird way to compare spirits. Sure, some do lots of damage, but on a normal boss fight even the best spirit ever will be like 1/10 of the total damage done to the boss. So the utility of the spirit is FAR more valuable than their damage. For example, melee spirits ability to do poise damage is much more useful than their actual damage. Ranged spirits are useful because they offer another target, giving you time to heal and counter freely. Damage barely matters on either of those. Jellyfish is good because of its utility, which is arguably more impactful than the most damaging spirit. Like for Melania I would take jellyfish over pretty much any melee spirit, because I really don't want another thing getting hit in melee range healing her.
What was the armor you wore in this video?
The great shield squad are weak to holy and fire. Sadly
Can’t even watch this because you have ads every 10 seconds 😒
The amount of ads on this garbage video is unreal
I think A tier for the skeletal militia. If you are playing a caster, you don’t need them to do damage, you are doing that more than enough by yourself, you just need them to be there as meat shields
Jellyfish deserves D tier it’s useless 🤣
Why the fuck does the video have an ad every minute
The basic gist of each tier is:  D tier - Only useful in early game  C tier - Useful up to mid game but die too fast.  B tier - Useful most of the game but have issues like low hp, attacks usually miss, or they don’t track the enemy unless they’re close to them.  A tier - All around solid picks that can be optimized based off whatever your characters build is.  S tier - Have the potential to solo late game bosses (can definitely solo mid and early game bosses)
Is this after patch ?
Lhutel alone makes the draconic sentinel tree remain with a almost 0 hp, and you only put it in A? I am very dumbfounded
It doesn’t go w your styles because you’re testing the summons in 1v1 engagements but that constant poison buildup, if you can keep aggro, is nice. Plus if you rock a poison build you can capitalize. But I understand why he ranks how he does for this video
Decent video but holy fuck do you have a lot of ads
what about the pumpkin head summon?
No wandering noble garbage? Lol. Nice vid
Your testing is bad and you should feel bad  Spirits shouldn’t be doing the whole fight for you
Check out Ironpineapple pacifist run.
Banihsed knight Oleg is better that Egar since it attacks faster, he has a wind attack which has quite solid tracking and he just deals more dmg overall
Where's Nepheli?
Dung eater summon is OP
People praise the Jellyfish because they haven't got past the beginning of the game
man, you didnt mention the Land Squirt Ashes. This shit +10 is the best ashes in the game. No kidding.
This isn't all the summons?
You forgot pumpkin head
Sheeeeeit my jelly fish tanked the crucible knight duo
Latenna is in S tier, the most correct choice.
The fact that Latenna can ride wolves is such a cool detail. It automatically made her my favorite summon lmao
When you're doing experiments against bosses have a memory of grace ready. That will get you out just incase the summon gets the boss.
Do you have stormhawk Deenh?
Lnd squirttttt
ngl i got carried because of how aggresive the wolfs are. like take ur strongest weapon and lone wolfs. u just won like 70% of all boss fights
Is there a link to a google doc or something similar?
U forget Fang Imps
That pin to the wall wi the the shield was great
Tried to get the dung eater on my latest play through but got seluvis killed so I had to rush the ending. Looking forward to trying him out! Then I’ll be doing a play through where we will bring about his cursed ending together, gonna be a rough time I imagine.
You really need to take in account what the summon is meant to do. In your rating. Support dmg tank.
i like doggos, just because they are the most logical companion and they arent so op that they take the skill factor of the game .. and for openworld bosses ( not dragons) they are wonder full or for camp clearing i loved them in the sorceress city xD
You forgot some ashes. That's not all of them. 😕😕
Waited for a Potman summon…. Besides I still love to summon ma girl Finley, cuz she creates you an additional guard, and can throw these white circles out of her sythe. So she is kind of All range girl.
Headless summons aren't supposed to be good at finding enemies lol
Headless knight was the only ash I saw that 1v1’d the dragon skin sentinel.
Really should just do every summon man. I don't know why you wouldn't of done this since the last one blew up 🤷
I never used jellyfish, it looks aint cool and kind of useless
Lhutel is definitely a top tier The fade and block makes him take a lot of punishment and the damage is just enough to bring boss fights to their knees. Unless you just suck...then probably not the best option.
Excellent vid mate, really appreciate the time you spent making it. Good solid info on best and worst summons 👏🏻👍🏻
The shieldmen are def top tier. Their ability to welcome nearly every boss to the west side of watever realm they reside in by relentlessly curb stomping them into a corner is unprecedented.
Jellyfish does NOT hover over lava. She suffered hard in my fight with Magma Wyrm. Even though it looks like she’s hovering she still takes damage. I have to assume it’s the same with other hazards.
Squirts best defense
Stormhawk you forgot about that one
Its a dislike for me for clickbate thumbnail
Fun fact: if there are dire wolves near Latenna she’ll jump on one and ride it around while firing arrows
Great video! Me being a bit more picky would rank them as follows:  S: Black Knife Tiche Lhutel the Headles Dung Eater  A: Mimic (can be strong, but ai is not too good) Latenna the Albinauric (she can also ride wolves when encountered in open world) Greatshield Soldier Ashes Battlemage Hugues Nightmaiden & Swordstress Puppets Azula Beastman  B: Warhawk Ashes Redmane Knight Ogha Omenkiller Rollo Ancient Dragon Knight Kristoff Banished Knights Oleg & Engvall  C: Bloodhound Knight Cleanrot Knight Finlay Crystalian Ashes Mausoleum Soldier Ashes  Anything else ends up lower. A very decent early game summon is are the Fanged Imp Ashes, which you will also need late game to get acces to something specific 👌
Jarwight puppet? Any opinions?
Azula lookin prty gnarly ever since the Fire Nation fell.
But what about rats?
Man did not get the joke
I hope Fromsoft adds a bonus upgrade to Latenna when completing her questline in the future where she summons alongside her spirit wolf. She would immediately be number 1 summon from me.
My Mimic Tear Ashes killed Maliketh in his second phase all by his own with Rivers of Blood +10, while I was trying the item to parry him. It was so fucking anticlimactic. That shit is insanely broken.
The finger maiden puppet is solid D tier
The fire fang imps have been pretty op so far for me. Didn't see them on this list.
What about the black flame monk Amon?
agree with everything except for battlemage huges (imo Stier) and some of the early game ones (imo they should only be rated for their appropriate "level" - no argument that they suck late but a few are pretty god tier for early game bosses - and that makes them "worth" using/picking up and vastly better than many higher tier options that are not actually accessible when you would be using summons like jelly/wolves/rot dog)
If anyone remembers the cartoon/toy line  Visionaries,  its summoning ashes all day in my playthroughs, a goddamn dream come true!!! 👍🏿👍🏿
The jellyfish is super good at drawing aggro and tanking, it's not meant to kill your enemies, just distract them so you can pull off your best dmg dealing moves, I don't think you really accounted for that in your list. Id personally keep it at a B tier summon. Maybe c late game but D tier is just disrespectful lol
You judged the Jelly's ability to climb a tree in this video. She's a "fish". Not a fair take in my book. Aurelia tanks aggro better than most. She doesn't need to be aggressive. She is a floating target that absorbs hits. I've honestly been surprised however at how clutch her ranged poison attack is at enemy interrupts too. the other ashes move around too much and the one's that don't, don't move at all. Aurelia is #1 in my book.
I just screwed my chance to get dung eater by ending Ranni's quest too fast and im sooo mad ;_; but i'll get him in new game+ for sure
Tbh the jellyfish can’t be compared on its 1vs1 performance, it’s a support spirit. It’s got a ridiculous amount of health for such a cheap spirit and can take agro for a few seconds whilst you recover after a particularly cruel combo. It can give you time to get close and deal some heavy hits before going back on the defensive and all the while in the background it’s building up poison on the boss. Insanely good spirit and one of the best all round aids you can find in the game. Even other close to max spirits can’t come close to what the jellyfish has done for me.
Also I think the rats deserve a mention as they are free to summon
Whats the best starter sprit to get I’m still new
Jellyfish should be below D tier where it rolls back to the top and sits at S+ tier
Kaiden sellsword is pretty good imo. Its like 100  FP to summon and is reasonably tanky. It does good damage and can staggger bosses pretty easily
Jesus, the ads. I couldn't watch the video. Just put an ad at the beginning, good lord
People are really dumb or they were hella farming to get OP for their boss frights from early game, because I realized IMMEDIATELY that they were not going to be good past early game, shit even in early game they were getting smashed pretty fast. They're absolute trash tier so I don't know why people love them so much.
No fanged imps?
ive probly missed the dung eater i killed him in his cell and got his aremor
the fire monks not bad man
Just saying, the Radahn soldiers are absolutely beast. Ran into Malenia's fight and got to phase 2 on the first try because they just fricking stunlocked her. In that fight and in scrap after scrap, those guys literally save my life
Did u forget to add the perfumer? I have it, and was wondering if I just missed something, or if u just did not add it to the list. Also we’re all the spirit ashes on this list?
Mimic gotta be the best because I only got 11 on mind
Our tier lists are pretty close except I put the jellyfish and wolves in A tier and everything else in F because I can't find them. So yeah looks like we basically agree.
You know that if you try to "resummon" your spirit you can make it disappear right away, right?
Jellyfish is mostly useful in early to mid game as a tank to draw damage away from you, but it's not a great offensive summon. BUT there is a jellyfish quest where you reunite her with her sister.
Banished knight Oleg is top tier. ProBably the most tanks summon you can get
Godrick soldiers you forgot
i love the fact that you put in the dung eater and you know the questline to get him but you didnt put nepheli in here! XD who's the original puppet you're suppose to make lol
What about stormhawk dheena?
I don't care about your tests, the Jellyfish is S+ in my heart! Aurelia is a good girl who tries her best!
Greatshield Soldiers is S tier not because of their ability to do do damage. It is because they mixed with a mage with 80 Int and comet azur tactics are one of the best if not the best thing in PVE atm.  You missed Hawk Deehn that you find in that church with Nepheli quest.  I disagree about Warhawk being B. That bird goes perfect with Str kind of characters because it let you approach to bonk anything freely and cost just about 52 or 54 FP so that means you dont need to invest in Mind at all whatever the class. It is A at worst. Also goes great with mage types from all the constant aggro it draws.  Being able to solo weaker bosses means nothing in fights like Malenia or Mohg (the ones that matter) because they all lose pretty bad to those hard bosses no matter what so it would be better to rank spirits based on synergy with builds rather than by themselves.
horrible review should've modded the jellyfish to one shot every enemy and have infinite health
Stormking Deenh is also worth a look - it gives you an attack buff, then just flies around and snipes with wind blasts
Even mid-game the skeletal militiamen are a stretch. I am noticing bosses go out of their way to finish them off after they are downed. They are pretty useless after Lieurnia of the Lakes
Dang no love for the giant rats. Cost no FP and the more you level them up, the more you get. Don't do much damage, but very good at taking the focus off of you. Definitely helped against boss fights that contained more than one boss.
Why the warhawk ashes and not the warhawk Deenh? That one also gives you a 20% attack buff and a health regen buff iirc.
Two comments I’d like to add!  One is that Oleg has a gap closer, which can be really powerful. He is a tank bro and can stagger hard as you did mention.   The big one is that if you use the mimic tear, you can put Shabari’s Woe on before you step through then pop it off! That makes them keep the aggro through the fight if you need that, specially good with healing items on them as well.   Last, the greatshields are baller and to me are definitely A Tier if you can do massive DPS but can’t take a hit. I’ve seen them literally stunlock bosses or completely hold off one while I took down another.   Otherwise, fantastic list!! Thinking I need to beef me up Black Knife for Malenia…
I disagree best Archer in the game is me with  180 arrows shooting in shooting at bosses I have no business fighting 😂
I saw a stream where a dragon got stuck on a cliff so the streamer summoned Ancestral Follower, alt tabbed to Mahjong Souls, played a game and when he returned the dragon died.
Is nepheli good tho?
Skeletons are so good early to mid game for drawing aggro
Mimic Tear with pulley xbow and xplosive bolt is like a visit from the spacemarines
The title of this video doesn't accurately represent what is being tested here. Some summons are built around distracting and tanking rather than DPS output, and inherently perform worse in this test since their intended role is completely disregarded.  The Jellyfish isn't great, but it is by no means the worst summon in the game. It is tanky for the early game and builds poison at distance with ranged attacks while the boss is focused on you. It's not meant for 1v1 scenarios  (which is not really the intention for bell summons in general). The poison build-up can do thousands of HP worth of damage, but you need to distract the boss long enough for him to get the build-up.   He's actually one of the better early game summons vs bosses with huge HP pools like Godrick.   Since you usually have low-level summons early on, some summons like the spirit wolves die within a few seconds to large, wide-sweeping attacks to the likes of Godrick. Jellyfish (even without upgrades) can tank a few hits and survive, more than enough time to let you heal and draw the aggro of the boss afterwards.  A more apt title for this tier list would be "Best summons for soloing bosses".
Latenna can actually move if there are wolves around. Saw it on reddit that she will sit on a wolf and still maintain her accuracy and dmg. The wolf will agro you regardless however if you have the charming broach you can turn her into a mobile turret
You should change the title of the video. It's very clickbaity. You're not sorting them from worst to best overall. You're only sorting them by damage output and nothing else.
The point of the jellyfish is to agro the boss and take a bunch of damage so you can get a lot of easy hits in. You don’t like it bc you don’t know how to use it
Jellyfish is like everyone loves it but no one use it
The banished knight is one of my favorites but more as a body guard in crowded area rather than boss help.
What about the noble sorcerer
Interesting note about the Latenna the Albinauric: if you summon her and she makes contact with a wild wolf, she will tame the wolf and ride around on it like the Albinaurics you see in the mountain top of the giants area.
Luthel has big Problems With big enemys.  I Love to use her, because she can Take so much dmg and often enough finishes the Job for me.  But her targeting abilitys are realy Not that great
Holy shit Elden Ring saved this channel. This game has given so many channels actual life again.
I used to really love Jellyfish in the early game but after fighting Rahadan I had to switch. It just wasn't fun watching my Jellyfish solo Rahadan.
Use Shabriris woe to maintain agro when using soft summons
In regards to latenna the archer...if you summon her in the rare occurrence that theres also a large wolf nearby she can tame and ride the wolfs.
Jellyfish is supposed to be a tank and to attract the agro from bosses while not cheesing them. Real Chads use Jellyfish so the spirit doesn't do the work for you, only gives you a little breather
Shield guys are S tier for my mage build. They are so good at pulling aggro, giving me enough time to set up my boss melt strats.
Is it just me, or does the black knife tiche just move around the enemies and DOESNT attack
I think this tierlist is not fair to the invocations that clearly aren't designed to work alone, like the jellyfish or the rotten stray, which clearly need you to tank for them and actually fight, but once the posion or the scarlet rot triggers all the work is done even if they die and it will take a great chunk off any boss health bar. In some cases, all the health bar, because for some reason some bosses don't recover from the scarlet rot WTF.
i never liked the jellyfish, tried it once and then switched to godrick soldiers, those boys carried my through the first half of the game.
if anything is better then mimic i wont believe it. no way it can stack bleed damage or use bloodhounds step
A healer, a pot throwing boy, and a bird that screech didn't make the list. Good vid nonetheless :)
What do we think about Nepheli Loux puppet? I noticed it wasnt on your list
No Mad Pumpkin Ashes...big sad they are so good!
Yeah the clean rot person is pretty bad for the fp. I'd say c. Yeah the jelly is so bad even early it's bad. The wolves are way better early
Nothing beats the black knife tiche. He is my go to for every difficult boss. The dung eater however can indeed solo lower bosses right now.
I'm gonna pretend like greatshield soldiers didn't just get B tier
Did you know that Latenna the Albinauric can ride wolves, if you summon her around wolves she will climb up on one and become mobile.
jellyfish should be s tier hjust because of the story intwined to it.
My Oleg +4 can solo the entire army at Gatefront before Stormhill while im chilling with my mimic veil....
i dont think having spirits 1v1 is a fair test. some spirits work better on the back lines supporting you.
Excellent list. You’ve done a fantastic job of explaining everything with all the research you’ve done. Bravo, sir!
What about the avionettes?
I love the Demi-humans you get about 5 of them and one of them is the bigger Demi human and they go ham! They last a pretty long time early game, I used them against the moon witch and she couldn’t even get a summon out bc they were consistently hitting her and I was hitting her from the back basically trapping her in a circle
You forgot the oracle boys lol.
u rly like archers dont u? there is no S tier archer imo, not even close. Also your List is missing a lot of spirits.
Dolores against the godskin duo
- Ancestral Follower was good for the whole game.  I think I even used it on the final boss. - I find Oleg is better because he uses more AoE attacks and tends to hit more and is VERY aggressive as soon as aggro's on.  Good for taking heat and doing damage even if he falls apart against things with too much poise. - Floh is only good for areas where there are a bunch of normal enemies because you don't even need to draw aggro for him to go out and start seeing if cultists will blend. - Greatshields aggro draw bonus was extremely helpful for my magic play.  So many times I'd start off running from a boss and then suddenly they'd change direction and ignore me for the rest of the fight. - Lhutel the Headless, on the other hand, I found she dropped off pretty hard the further I went because she was REALLY bad at drawing and holding aggro - NIghtmistress duo are seriously underrated, yes. - Ohga is basically a better Ancestral Follower.  Great. - Interesting to see Warhawk and not Stormhawk Deenh
You forgot the maiden
Lattenna can tame wolves
my mimic is a genius… i was dying over and over again to Commander Niall and the two knights he summons, I remembered i have a Bewitching Branch in my inventory and i planned to use it against one of the summoned knights, right as i was about to use it i see my mimic tear summon using HIS bewitching branch on the OTHER knight :’)
What about the vugar milata ashes they do insane bleed damage
See the thing ab the jelly u don’t use it for the dps u use it for its health bc it does have a quite bit of health so it pretty much lets you just have a breather to heal while they have agro but I understand ur statement tho
The marionettes are great for pulling aggro for you too get behind and crit the boss
I'm half way through my playthrough and I've just realised you can level up your spirits watching this video. Derp. Also using 0 magic and no bow
I never liked Jelly fish. Wolves were way better, and lasted longer, giving me the most distraction time
just an FYI if you do another tier list with the spirit ashes, you can use the summon bell again to have them disappear (not that most people do that). But it's just a little bit of information to know. I'm just assuming you didn't know this with the Dung Eater puppet.
Forgot finger Maiden. She is the GOAT, ultimate support summon. Really good if you want a summon but also want to have a fair fight with a boss.  Edit: BTW Lhutel would beat Dung Eater in a 1v1
all spirits are op because drawing aggro for 10 seconds is enough to make fight trivial for player with both hands.
what about the vulgar militia ashes
Not many people have the Nephili Loux summon but I think she's pretty good probably S tier
How do you teleport like that?
Jellyfish down at d?? Fake news
Has anyone tried Nepheli Loux spirit ash?
Nice video, thank you!
Seems like a decent list but there are certain boss fights that you pinned bosses or agro bosses and others that you just stood back and watched
I dont see the Pumpkin Head ash who is powerful
Jellyfish is litterally only for aggro, its top tier for distracting, and its cute
Great rankings - what about the Nepheli Loux Puppet ashes?
Nepheli and Servant ?
Tiche seem pretty insane. I'm up against boss that drops it now. Yeah i got liutehl at 10 tanky never dies. but not huge damage.
I know Tiche is powerful but a lot of the time for me she just does nothing for like 20 seconds while i desperately try to dodge all the bosses’ attacks
The thing about the jellyfish is that it’s good as long as you hold the Aggro. You want him to bleed the boss, so let him sit back and do it.
is latenna in S tier for like an April fool's?
Mimic tear is the best. No argument. Afterwards, that tische is best. He is fast and stuns enemies.
Wheres the pumpkin head ash
Oleg saved you 25 minutes (haven’t watched the video)
Though they didn't make the list, I absolutely adore the Demi-Human ashes. I have 2 Golden Halberds so I always buff them before they go in. They are also much stronger and more aggressive at night which is a really cool detail. They're nothing special by any means but I love my little Demon Death Squad 😆
Oleg counters Melania
"Latenna the Albinauric is pretty decent" ...  *Puts in 'S' tier*  lol
I feel like these tests need to be validated more by fighting alongside them.  Because the summons aren’t meant to solo the bosses but fight together I feel like the test should more look at how they support you.  It really depends on the way someone plays as to what to choose.  The thing that is good that there is so much choice.
Dislike, jellyfish is S tier
Aren’t there ashes you get from Sorcerer Sullivan? Like the jarman.
Rotton Stray got me through Morgott lol
Your missing two safe sorcerer ...?
how dare you not put jarwight in there, he can hit 40k
Jellyfish is the best one
jesus christ, what an awful listl you are missing more than half the available ones in the game
Black knife tiche is the best. Her blood ability takes half of most bosses health. She’s probably a bit OP.
I prefer to use the jellyfish precisely because she sucks Using ashes definitely feels like cheating, since you are basically getting the benefits of summoning another player without the downside of the enemies getting double health to compensate. Using Aurelia (yes, that's her name) to just stay there, tank a bit and distract the boss without doing much else doesn't feel like I'm cheesing it like I would with a much stronger ash
ok dumb question but how do you make a ash spirit have more health
Bruh don't be calling a gigantic knight a girl.. that's a woman.
Speaking highly about Mimic Tear while it's getting absolutely destroyed by the boss in the background
I dont usually use summons but today I tried one against an invisible black knife boss that kept backstabbing me out of nowhere. I tried the perfumer ashe summon which i found in the ruins nearby the sage cave where i was fighting this invisible boss. And this summon just kept reapplying a protective bubble on me that prevented the black knife boss from one shotting me with his backstabs. Now I didn't test it any further but a renewable protective bubble sounds pretty good for a support summon.
Level 90ish & the Skeletal Bandit is my favourite.. he takes aggro off you & when he dies it only takes a few seconds for him to come back (just like skeletons in the game, if you do not finish them off when they are 'dead' they come back') He saves me ass so much in boss fights, so long as you survive his respawn period so he can take aggro off you again.
Should check out Radahn Soldier Ashes, duo soldiers, tanky, good damage and also fire damage too.
If they changed the 2 warpick guys from the mausoleum summon with 2 archers/ballistas, it would be so much better.
If you are running a status effect build, give each spirit that inflicts that ailment a try - a few less attacks per proc can make a surprisingly large difference. St. Trina's builds in particular notice a HUGE improvement from the extra build up. (still haven't found a way to get sleep build up to scale at all)
Latenna S? oof.... generally wouldn't care since its just your opinion but this one is wack considering what you placed under it in A tier
You should've added the kaiden sellsword
the reason jellyfish is popular is because most people haven't gotten anywhere in the game to find good summons...😉
Who cares about dps lmao the only important thing is that they have a lot of health and keep the bosse's aggro for you to safely damage him. This tier list is shit
Where are the Farting Eggs ? :( (Land squirt ashes) Best summon in the Game :D
Dung eater is a beast
I love how in minute 20:27 the boss was looking at him like saying "you aight to fight now bro?"
22:18 When a summon is about to kill the boss you dont need to die to stop it you can just quit the game to reset the fight
In my opinion the Demi-Humans are the best summon in the game. I have them at level 6 fighting end game bosses and they’re amazing.
Nightmaiden and swordstress is my go-to ❤️
I love the demi-humans, annoying af
I was thrilled to see Ancestral Follower rated as high as A. But I noticed you didn't mention a neat affect his melee has. He also applies bleed which, seems to me, stacks with the player's bleed build. Don't think that would push him past A tier, but it is the reason I choose him over Latenna.
I've basically just been using spirit jellies since day 1
Cleanrots are Valkyrie so all ladies.  The main point of using marionettes is laughin at the bosses pincushioned by bolts
latenna isn't fully stationary, if you summon here near dire wolves she will actually hop on them and ride them
I dont think your test necessarily paints the full picture. For example, the rotten stray.  The scarlet rot build up it applies is absolutely disgusting and it lasts the entire fight. Ok sure, it cant solo a boss. But how realistic is that test anyway.  Once that rot is applied its game over.  Bad take on some of these imo. Overall an ok testing parameter but I think more should be taken into consideration besides "how well can they solo a boss"
I got my Jelly Fish to plus 10 because of love and loyalty.
Lattena will jump on a dire wolf if one is around
What about the blackflame amon
Have you unlocked vulgar militia or depraved perfumer carmaan yet? Or are they gonna be included in another video?
Just learned that if you’re near a dire Wolf with latenna she will mount it and become a mobile turret
Mad pumpkin head should be here in S tier
Your biggest issue is grading these summons as stand alone combatents. Ashes arent generally meant to be stand alone combatents, theyre meant to be supports. For finley you completely glossed over the 30% physical damage rediction she casts on you at summon... 30%!!! If you are going to ignore some of the best parts of different Ashes, your grading is going to be horribly skewed
YOu ae missing a ton of ashes I have 44 different spirit ashes. YOu have most of the main ones though. FWIW I got banished night Engvall the day after the game was released used him a lot early on, up until mimic.
in case you didnt know, stormhawk deehn is a decent pick if you are an aggressive attacker because the hawk gives a damage buff at summon and refreshes regularly
You can use the cursed blood pot to get the mausoleum soldiers to go after the boss aggressively
All hail The Loathsome Dung Eater
*******did you know "latenia" bow girl. If you summon her by a wolf she rides it shooting bow**********
Just a side note on the dung eater he buffs your status Application if he hits with the roar So yeah he is pretty op
While I can agree that the jellyfish falls off immensely late game, but if you don't attack the boss at all like in your footage, I don't think it's a particularly useful experiment for how most people play with summons.
Oleg is god
This man does an immaculate Owen Wilson impression
Ritual blood pots would probably help your targeting issues with the mausoleum knights. You can force your summons to target things by chucking a rit blood pot at it
weird to not see the perfumer ashes, i say they’re very good!
So sad, I killed Dung eater after releasing him from his cell cause I thought he was gonna attack me...no Dung ashes for me ;_;
So everyone uses summons for different reasons. As a pure melee build I employ my other tarnished to check out the rat summons. As you upgrade them, you get more rats and even though they may not be very tough or even do a ton of damage, they cost 0 fp. And the utility of there being multiple rats to distract your enemy is invaluable. This allows you to not have to use the wondrous physic for unlimited fp usage while also letting you save what little fp you have your ash of wars.  Happy days friends!!
I seem to be going against the grain but this list is incredibly disappointing, the test uses the summons in a way no player actually would and works to the detriment of a large number of them. You’re meant to fight the boss alongside your summon jellyfish as an example is great if you’re placing them far back and keeping the bosses aggro on you because of the massive poison damage over time.
Banished Knight Oleg has been my go to summon since I got him.  He is an absolute tank and is only killed by the most tank bosses with high power attacks.  I’m a faith caster so Oleg aggro-tanks everything while I throw fireballs and lightning.
My Godrick Soldiers are angry for no representation LOL
I think you're missing the point of the jelly fish. it's not meant to be used to solo bosses. it's tanky, so it can survive longer. you want jellyfish to draw aggro, so you can hit the bosses from behind. and also the poison helps bring down enemies little by little
Stormhawk deenh???
Latenna has a really cool hidden mechanic. If there's a wolf(alpha) in the fight she will stun it and proceed to mount it and become mobile, a really cool detail even if it is a rare occasion and only in open world fights.
The jelly fish isn't used for damage.its a tank. That you use to bounce aggro off of. The poison does alot of stagger and can stop attackes to continue combos. (Initial hit) I don't use the jelly fish for damage
I find as a mage that the great shield soldiers are by far the best. They hold a bosses aggro almost 100% of the time. Tanky as hell, and let's me get off any spells I want without any threat. Even against Radagon, they would always make it to the next fight with at least half health and he never even looked my direction.
In this rating I'd Tiche and Mimic in a SS category, since they are much better than the rest IMHO
Rat power
I'm gonna be straight with you chief. If you are already so bad at the game that you need to rely on summons this hard, just summon a real person. Like if your gonna rely on someone else distracting the boss just use a dude. They tend to work better. If your gonna use a summon just use what you like. They're not meant to carry you.
No Rats!? bad list....Rats S Tier
Jelly fish wasn't doing the business for me.....
the black knife tiche is absolutely busted. I watched it go up against Melania and it was holding its own for more time than it should have.
Luthel take down 2 tree sentinels on her own, definitely an S tier.
After the wolves, I've only ever run Latenna, good to know she's near the top.
Jelly Fish has been trash for me since early game. It can't take hits even when upgraded. Who honestly would argue that's a good Summon?
fun fact: mimic tear with blasphemous blade can heal himself a lot now and can solo a lot of stuff in the game
the dungeater also debuff your enemies with the golden shout or whatever
After the mimic nerd Tiche is just the indisputable best summon in the game. She has lasted until phase 2 in every single late game boss fight for me, malenia included. The fact that she does percentage based damage is incredible, and her erratic movement keeps her alive even against really fast opponents.
there are more spirits I have found that put mimic to shame only the dung eater is kinda little stronger that sorceror at rannis place sells em and . I pretty much agree with the list only the second S tier  that bow spirit is a 2 hit dead 100% u can use her only in like 2-3 bosses
Jellyfish should have been upgraded to two summons when you reunite her with her sister.
My favorite thing about the skeleton crew is their ability to take aggro. As long as I'm engaging consistently with the boss, there's a good chance they'll survive for some time. That means that I can take a moment to rebuff or heal or reposition when I need to and feel safe that they are holding aggro for me. It also means that I can comfortably use a summon without feeling like they did all the work for me/cheesed the boss for me.
Like i was a little underwhelmed with the dung eater ash's like ive probably not fins the correct situation for him but his health just doesn't stay up most of the time 🤣
redmane knights are insane, they keep an instant knock down state on melania
Dude you can’t just have everyone being A and S tier
This is a cool video. Honestly summoning takes away a lot of the fun when fighting a boss
I feel like some of your "A" tier, given the reasons YOU gave, dgould have actually been "B" or "C" tier.
Thank you very much for the work you have put in this video. I am using mimic with heavy armor and blasphemous blade with shield. It can tank, deal damage and regain HP when using special attack from blade. Compared to others, this mimic is S+ :)
I think such an analysis is more meaningful from the perspective of melee vs range builds. But I do appreciate the effort you put into this. It must have taken a lot of time and it’s result have merit if one is interested in the standalone viability of each summon.
Jelly fish is clearly not d. Summons have individual uses but the jelly fish is a tank throughout the entire game when leveled. For melee builds it was huge vs morgot/radahn not for its damage but for its distraction!
How many ashses can you get to +9 in one run? I just want to know if I can lvl up some early game summons freely or should I save mats for later.
finger maiden detroys endead and heals you for  decent amount
Black Knife Tiche Best one every thank me later
No Black Flame Monk?
WHAT about the Noblemen Ashes? And the rats,, which spawn more depending on how high you leveled it
I don't think that your testing is fair. A lot of the spirit Ashes are to help you fight bosses, not solo them. Sure, there are some of the spirit ashes that do great on their own, but other spirit ashes really shine when the enemies are not actively fightning them.  It is really cool to know how each spirit ash works on their own though :)
rot dog just works with a player you basicaly try to hold the aggro untill the scarlet rot activates, cause lets face it its a death sentence to the boss. its infinite dmg the boss cant dodge and cant get rid off. same can be done with rot arrows or weapons or incantation but the doggo is just more comfy and fits on every build. Hail Rot Doggo
This is a tier list for first playthrough, after a few NG+ cycles nothing is useful aside from Mimic.
Demi human mob. We ungabunga together.
you can despawn spirit ashes in case you dont want them to kill a boss :)
I went back to fight tree sentinel when I leveled up a bit to 25, I had him at one hit and I died but my jellyfish killed him during my death animation. When I respawned I got the gold halberd lol. Jellyfish so cluctch
Only nooooobs are using summons
You're incorrect. Jellyfish is best ashes and best friend.
Keep mimic and dung at s tier all others drop down in tier.
The jellyfish is to me the most iconic because of how early you get it but I realize it's pretty shit
Lhutel can straight up solo bosses for you. She should be S as of the current patch.
The horde of lemmings is great. What can go wrong when you have thousands of rabid rodents on your side
The great shield soldiers are honestly S tier and that’s the only place they belong seriously the best summon holds the aggrieved of the boss the whole fight while I do Dps uninterrupted
Latennas wolf mechanic makes me wonder.  By far my favorite summon.
Yeah I agree, the jellyfish sucks dick, and it doesn't matter if it hurts your feelings that people say that because it is objectively true. What this proves to us, is that if someone is adamant on telling you to use the stupid jellyfish for a hard boss, disregard what they say entirely, because they probably get killed a lot lol.
im sure others have pointed it out but i think you missed nepheli and stormhawk deenh (although deenh is a pretty mid tier summon who maybe isnt worth covering)
Why does it not always let me summon on some boss fights but then if I get killed it will let me use summon on the next fight???
The jelly fish spirit is only good for one aspect of the game. Black Knife Tiche however has carried my spellblade build through all mid to late game stuff and end game stuff. That is the best spirit IMHO post patch mimic tear nerf.
Black Knife Tiche squad hell yeahhh
You know you can de-summon by using the summon again, right?…
The jellyfish is good for pulling agro thats it. Not for damage which your not doing
Mimic tear is my MVP due to how versatile it is. For example, when I fought Malenia, I noticed that she would get knocked down by fireballs. So I ONLY equipped magic stuff, summoned the mimic, then quickly swapped to my normal stuff. He spammed SO many fireballs. Malenia spent half the fight on the ground.
Latenna the albinauric. If there's a wolf nearby, she can tame it and ride the wolf
What about the rats ?
Ancestral is 3 syllables, not 4, there is no "i" in that word
bro where is Stormhawk Deenh?
Bruh I've been telling people Latenna is S TIER but they always clowned on me...
LEAVE THE JELLYFISH ALONE! You’re stressing him out by making him compete shame on you people making him do anything other than float
Lady Latenna is awesome when there are wolves near by, she can actually tame a wolf and ride on it, then the wolf will also attack your target
Thanks for doing this video! It's very helpful! I'd love to see you do some more testing of the less aggressive, but promising spirits, along with the Cursed-Blood Pot to make them aggressively attack your target.
The jellyfish is there to tank for you not 1v1
I adore Latenna, I just use her to pull the boss back and forth between me and her, and she does good damage, always hitting her target. She is absolutely my go to.
I’m a little confused about your analysis of the Dung Eater. You said he’s amazing across the board, but your video of him showed his health already low right at the beginning of the fight. Does that mean his health is actually squishy?
I stuck with the Ancestral Follower throughout my first play through.. he was ma boy.. never missed a shot and would get stuck in with that hammer when it was time for brawling.. didn’t bother to change since he only used 63 FP
Equip shabriris woe, create mimic, then unequip it.
Whats bubble around you!? Ive asked in two videos and no one says
Problem is that the spirits aren’t meant to do the whole fight for you.  Shouldn’t have included weak dps spirits that are obviously meant to just distract bosses.  Maybe a separate video about usefulness of spirits rather than “strength” of them?
The reason Wandering Nobles weren’t in this video is because he didn’t want to make an SS tier just for them.
Finlay is really good if you’re actually playing the game.
I do think some of these could be ranked a little different based on their performance if you are drawing attention away from them or if you are using them to draw aggro.
Thanks swany this video is very helpful! You might consider keeping a backup save on the cloud or wherever should you accidentally kill a boss again.
These videos are for people who don’t enjoy the game
summons arent meant to fight on own
When I finally beated this @$$ Tiche I was so happy to get her ashes. Holly Molly she kills bosses for me and I just run around healing her and pressing Golden Vow :D why did I even bother to make comet azur one shot build when I could just get this ashe. Ah, because I couldn't kill her without comet :D
Also could rank the rat pack ashes lol
The problem with your experiments and why the list isn't as practical in use, is that you're rating these on their base merits as "how strong they are in single combat", these are ment to be tools that assist us, not carry us through bosses, the Jellyfish, sleep arrows, etc. are ment to help us during a "Actual" fight, this isn't a dig at you or anything, just stating a outside opinion on these kinda lists
I used jelly as my tank..
Is the perfumer good?
I used the jellyfish once and put it away...I love you guys but the JF is ass...It's ok tho bc I'm ass so I know when I see things that are of my caliber.
if you are using the wolves, you might as well use the rats. ZERO fp and upgrade cost. And upgrading them increase number of rats to 5 instead of 3.
The banished knight engalv is my favorite and strongest one I have so far
Forgot to mention when Latenna is near wolves she'll hop on em and ride em around like the mounted albinaurics in the endgame area
I have to disagree on Lhutel, many times she's more useful than Tiche, and just compare her with the red mane that you put on S-tier. She's 100% better than the red mane because she's just like the red mane but with an evasive skill.
Oleg pog
I don’t think summons are intended to solo bosses…
No Demi Human ashes? =(
This video and comments are great at one thing: showing how balanced and varied most of the summons are and how it depends on playstyle, love it! I personally use Oleg since forever, the shield guys and mimic tear, sometimes mausuleum soldiers.
Not gonna lie. Mimic Tear carried me ever since i got it. Heavy armor bleed infused katanas working in tandem made quick work of most bosses.
24 minute video dog, just show the got daym list ffs
And what about the Demi Human ones?
Surprised you didn’t include Depraved Perfumer Carmaan here. Definitely my go-to-ashes before I acquired Mimic Tear and Tiche
sorry but dis like for jellyfish, is not personal broo
14:16 turn the boss to a hedgehog, and just B tier?
The jellyfish is ok I guess, but I like using The Banished Knight Oleg…he’s a beast
Warhawk Deenh is missing, and a pretty neat thematic summon, it's a Warhawk that also has a Warcry that gives a damage boost
His roar attack weakens enemies so you do more damage as well. Hes an all in package tank wise.
Stopped watching after the jellyfish betrayal
im not a fan of the jelly, but you cannot test her in a 2x2square meter boss fight, its useless in that case. however great work
What about traveling merchant spirit? I forget exact name.
Puppet sucks. Even against the pumpkin head knight it takes around 8 arrows to sleep him. She couldn't sleep the tree boss either.
Jellyfish I found was good against Godrick but gets murdered against everything else
My personal favorites, that I used most often was the night sister pair, latenna and demi-humans in that order
jellyfish is S tier before Margitt (lvl 25). I used it to kill Margit. And then never used it again. So F tier after lvl 30.
As  a veteran souls player im dusgusted by the idea of  spirit summoning but if it meants we get a 3rd DLC to the game im fine with it
This game gives me the same joy as EverQuest did back in the day before they made it all journalist easy mode.  Too many games are way too easy.
I get why you're having them solo shit, but it's a misleading test. The point of summons is as support. You will never be allowing them to solo for you. More importantly, some summons are optimized for mob control, while others for boss (single target) support.  Bottom line, you should be testing them each in a few areas, most importantly in long stretches with many strong foes, such as the area inside the walls of Elphael with 5 of those many limbed horrors.
The wolves helped me a ton on Leonine Misbegotten. They cause a lot of stagger
I'd live to see the rat army up here they are free to summon and increase in quantity per rank. So much fun to play with, instant aggro on mobs in area.
Can you please test the radahn soldier ashes
Jellyfish isn’t really about damage. They for whatever reason hold Aggro very very well.
The jellyfish is so situational early game is good after that find something better if you are gonna summon
jelly is actually good because of how tanky it is not because of its damage you use it as a distraction so you can get hits in on the bosses and then let jelly grab aggro again its almost the same as mimic if you use shabriris woe
I have a Bleed Build. Omenkiller Rolo it's my best fucking friend my dude. We wreck bosses together. Him and Tiche are my alway go to guys.
Black knight is basically a boss summon. you are summoning a BOSS.
Don't know how godrick knights didn't make the cut but mausoleum knights did? The hell... they carried me through every boss until the final boss of the game.
Nope Mimic doesn't belong on S tier, trust me test the mimic on a non meta build, you'll see how shit it really is, bleed builds are overpowered.
The fact players praise jellyfish and it performs the worse, really says a lot of how well the player base doesn't actually test things.  Likes like the whole Mimic worship, it is only good if you playing a meta build, play something standard, and you're mimic becomes useless.
Yeah no..
Ok your missing the point of the jellyfish. It not meant to deal damage. Its use to distract and poison. This is why it higher tier. This give you a chance to damage the boss while they are distracted
You should try the puppet ash summon that only throws pots, he just applies all sorts of status effects
I love Lhutel early game, but the problem i was running into is when she teleports she instantly loses aggro
wow great video.  watching the Black Knife Tiche summon makes me want to make a build like that.
THE BABY JARS BRO!! WHERE THEY AT??
This is a power ranking video, not popularity ranking. So no shame and no worries for putting Jelly at the bottom ☺️
Why didnt you desummon the black knight ash so it didnt kill the boss?
Your testing method is flawed! The success of a summon isn’t how well it does one on one but how well it works with you. That’s why everyone likes the jellyfish,
Who the hell said the jelly fish was good?
you have an useizem that instantly teleports you to the bext bonfire no need to get killed ... its the homewardbone equivalent of eldenring  its infinitly reuseable and you can find it in the first row of items
tl;dr: they’re all A tier except for the jelly fish according to this man
Defeated Malenia easily with mimic tear by equipping great heal and giant flames take thee faith spell. Buff it with faith and fire talismans and drink a physic mix with fire boosting ablilities. Malenia would constantly get knocked down by my mimic tear and I spamming Giant Flames Take Thee.  Depending on the situation no summons beats mimic tear.
What about the war hawk?
looking for a good summon to carry my low lvl twink characters, any recommendations? considering how hard they are to get and the fact i cant + them or it ruins my PvP
In my opinion I rate spirits how they perform in the huge and hard fights, that I struggle to win. I noticed, that I don't need a high dmg spirit, but what I need is a tank, that can be very annoying for the boss and distract him throughout the fight for me to get windows to heal and DPS. I didn't have chance to try the S tier assassin spirit on your list, but I can see this back firing, when the spirit got aggro and jump hoops around the boss -> boss gets kinda unpredictable with his attacks.  So far I used Oleg with great success, because he's kinda tanky, and easily pulls aggro with his many and fast attacks. I've also tested the pumpkin head spirit and he's even better at tanking and also synergises with my passive bleed build up (I don't have a real bleed focussed build, but my weapon also stack some bleed in the process). The downside of the pumpkin head spirit is, that he's kinda blind and will sometimes just charge off into the distance. (kinda funny, though and nothing I can't deal with by playing more passive for the time being until the spirit get the aggro back)  I've seen an other video, where the spirits were shown fighting the knight on horse back in front of leyendell and some of them just got clubbered to death pretty quickly. Like Ogha (who was terrible at dealing with such a fast, aggressive boss, that inflicts a lot of poise damage = almost non stop stagger locking the spirit) I saw the assassin guy doing fairly well, but as mentioned the boss was kinda raging around and his attacks would fly all around, because the spirit was dashing and dodging so much. The fight was also kind all over the place, because both moved so fast. (Assassin dodge a way, boss rush towards, assassin dodge again, etc.) I can see this not synergizing well with you as a player.  Also mana cost is kind of a non issue to me, because I made my elixir reduce mana cost to 0 for a few seconds, granting me a free full buff up + spirit summon before the boss fight starts.
as a mage luhtel has been a lifesaver. she's never died when i've summoned her, even when i have. her teleport ability is delightful, especially when fighting multiple enemies.
godskin apostle is probably one of the worst matchup for the shield soldiers because the fire aoe does tick damage on top of everything else it attacks with. i’ve had them 90% bosses left alone (albeit it takes a long time) and i tried it midgame dungeons in ng+. mainly liurnia/altus plateau area.
blackflame monk amon is a expensive one at 115 but you didnt cover him, is he that bad?
Now we need to know where and how to get them.
There is no way Great Shield bros are B tier. They're one of the best ashes.
Fire Monk is absolutely beast for builds relying on Cold damage. I have a STR/INT character who wields dual Clayman's Cold Harpoons, and the Fire Monk's frequent flame attacks cleanse the Frostbite debuff from my enemies, allowing me to proc the effect with its damage much more often. Plus he's a big tanky bozo who can facetank quite a bit of damage and does pretty solid posture damage with his big clonker weapon. He's an A tier dude who can shift up to S when comboed with Cold weapons IMO
No pumpkin head mention much sad. One of my favorite bois
You are missing the exclusive summon you get when you make your character
Skeletal Militiamen +4 have got me all the way to the second Godfrey fight, Im having a hard time with him, cant believe I haven't been using any of these, definitely going to try the black knife
I love you video. But I offer this criticism. If everything is A tier, then A tier is the norm. Which would be C tier. You should reseed, and be more critical. They are not all average.
Latenna is not Only S tier she can Climb any wolf if you find one.
Tbh you talk about making a tier list because summons are made for different situations, then only bade the tests off of damage. Personally I like the marionnettes and jellyfish, because I don't just sit back and let them do my fights. When I need to get back and drink a flask, the jellyfish will take my spot and take agro, then I jump back in
Jellyfish is trash. I used it only once, and never again.
I'd rank the mimic tear S and D ranks. It's a good summon, but don't you dare summon it when you have a buff spell and a seal. The mimic more often than not will spam the buff
Not sure if it's true entirely or not but isn't there a spirit summon of one of the shardbearers
Which creep plays elden ring as a mage?
The problem is with your ranking, it still doesn’t work properly because it’s clear you’re not taking the games mechanics in to account and so you’re not actually testing them properly. At least that’s how it seems watching this video. This ranking works fine if it’s a video about sitting back and watching your ash go up against a boss… but that’s not how the game works.  This ranking needs to take in to account far better situational comparisons, fast bosses vs slow, magic bosses vs physical, agro ashes vs damage ashes, complimentary ashes vs counter ashes… jeez… bosses vs mobs etc. etc. But especially something as basic as slow bosses vs fast bosses… if you have a slow ash and a fast boss… good luck having that ash do anything if they can’t actually tag the boss and get agro. This again, is where the jellyfish shines in certain situations because of its attack and how it works.  You also don’t seem to understand the ash AI and how agro works in the AI in general, either for the ash or the boss. Which is important if you’re ranking ashes. Keep in mind, the ashes work the same way in enemy combat as their living counterpart would work fighting you.  It’s also seems you don’t know how accuracy works, especially when combined with what’s being fired. Again… there’s a reason people love the jellyfish… because they use it properly. The jellyfish is still strong end game if you’re using it right. Yes if you sit back and let a boss wail on it, to some high damage bosses, they’ll melt it… actually let the jelly fish pull agro and then you wail on the boss, that’s a different story.  It seems you’re ranking this purely on… can this ash kill this boss solo… that’s a terrible way to rank the ash if you’re actually playing the game. It’s why you don’t like the jellyfish, for example.  Okay I’ve said “you don’t know” a lot… you’ve reached end game clearly, so that’s probably not true, but you’re not taking these aspects in to account, and that’s important.  So don’t get me wrong, I’m not a jellyfish fan either… I do think there are better choices… for me, and how I play. Because I like dex or magic builds… but… for strength builds, low buy in and how the jellyfish works… I do still think the jellyfish is strong, like many others. It’s the way you’re testing that’s letting him down, not the ash.  This game is not as simple as “this is the best in game” definitely not for the ashes… you can do that for weapons, as it’s clear you’re not ranking staffs for a strength build. But ranking ashes needs to take in to account a lot more of the games mechanics, as well as builds and play style.  I’m bad in a boss fight, any of them… so I need something that can pull agro quick and take a punch, so I can either apply damage, or heal… the jellyfish is actually really good at that, because of how it’s attack works and it’s durable per hit… but because I like magic and dex builds, I can afford the fp cost of headless for example, who does what I need slightly better… and can certainly afford some of the higher cost ashes. But if I was strength, I could use the jellyfish to carry me pretty far, if not to end game.  So the fact you put the jellyfish in D tier says there’s a lot about this game you are not taking in to account with your testing. And I could make the same argument for a number of these ashes…   This game is built around the idea that every build still needs the right tools for the job at hand, for the average player at least. Of course, no hit speed runners need no tools, and those close to that can also carry the game on one tool set… but I would think most average players should have different weapons for different types of encounter, and so different ashes for different encounters. There’s a reason the game lets you equip more than one weapon, and gives enough upgrade materials for multiple tools, whether that be weapons or ashes…  And I personally think any best of video, should take that in to account  Don’t get me wrong, this is still a fun little video, but you could definitely improve on it if you did have another go  Just my two cents.
Jellyfish is a tank that’s what it’s for 💯
BUT if you already completed Rannis Questline you can't get the dung eater puppet anymore cuz selvius is dead. I was really mad about that as I wanted to get him
In my opinion, Night maiden and Sword maiden should be S-Tier. You must not see both of them kill Tree Sentinel. The Tester try all maximum Spirit summons of him only Night maiden can kill Tree Sentinel.
A tier list on the """best""" summons, but it's based off if they can 1v1 a boss well enough? That doesn't make a tad bit of sense considering that there's a whole mix of tank/support/dps summons.   Don't back pedal with a "oh this video is just for fun! And not meant to be the end all be all!" meanwhile the title and thumbnail literally say otherwise. It's kinda silly, I know you need to play that YouTube game but you brought it upon yourself.
that body block with the marionettes LMAO
Lhutel is definitely an S-tier summon.
I know this was for fun, but I feel given the variety of Boss styles you should've had them fight at least three of the different styles. Including at least one Magma wyrm. Because some of your A tier guys get annihilated in seconds to some bosses while some of the lower-tier ones survive.
Bro didn’t even try to get agro boss for the jellyfish🤣🤣
You can use the spirit summon again to dismiss the ashes if you don't want them killing something off or for any other reason.
🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮moonveil
The jellyfish become god tier at plus 10. You didn't give him a fair chance 😔
No stormhawk deenh?
Im amazed there arent more dislikes for the Jellyfish being the only D tier character 😂
Didn’t see Kaiden Sellsword in there , has been my go to for most of the game
Dung Eater all the way, lol! I have him on level 10 and he's my pitbull.
How about nepheli puppet, i've been using her in the mid story game and never failed me. She even manage to survive the Mohg fight with me using her as a tank.
I've been using the jellyfish the whole game 😪
Headless knight is S tear trust me
Marionette soldiers are phenomenal if you keep aggro on yourself, just massive, passive DPS
Shame about the dungeater. I'd need to go to NG+3 for that. But oh well you can't use them in co-op anyways.
Swany after finding out Finlay is a girl:  You simply have less value now.
Where is pumpkinhead?
Where my fanged imps??
you are suppose to use the jellyfish as a tank allow it it take the agro as you go in for the hits thats why we consider it good we know the damage is shit but its tanky
Greatshield guys are just a worse version of the rotting corpse summons. Each Rotting corpse summon is tankier and has shabriris woe on them so boss will ignore you to attack them. S tier tank summon.
mausoleum soldiers are s tier. u just gotta have decent space control while you play long range
“Mimic tear is great.”  Switches to a clip of the mimic getting obliterated and not hitting the boss once
If you use the item again, you can dismiss your summon
One of my favorite summons was the mad pumpkin head ashes. He does alot of damaged and he has alot heath and takes no damage when hit the head and I rarely see him stagger
Yeah I didn't get much use for the Jelly Fish past level 75ish. I know they may work for some people and that's great but the poison damage isn't really that big of a help later on and they didn't aggro as much as I would have liked. Also a few times he got stuck in a corner and wrecked.
Jar throwing dude is legit...
Jellyfish blows
And u know when u really good at a game take the worst gear and make it work and complete the game.
blood build mimic tear is op as hell
What about the RATS? Super easy to level up and they are super aggressive
Beat the game with out even having the spirit bell .. lol now that I know the game got 3x easier
Faltou o mago, o perfumista, a mulher que cura
The only thing I missed in the game….stupid dungeater.
Jelly is good mid and late game for my build cuz it takes agro, stacks bleed, and has hella health.
I’m surprised you didn’t include the avionette solders ashes. That one has done so much for me. They can fly, they can proc bleeds doing huge damage and throw fire pots at range making them good in a variety of boss fights. They do good stagger making it hard for midsize bosses to fight back. 10/10
Oleg is "A"
I really want to play this game it's great but I don't own any game console 😢 Help meeeeeeeeeeeeeee
really appreciate you taking feedback and testing out more! wanted to say something about your test though, I think it might be a little counterintuitive to test how they do on their own because theyre designed to fight alongside you, for instance finger maiden therolina puppet. a lot of ashes are really useful for tanking and getting bosses aggro, but I think some of them shine more when you take most of the aggro and they support you from the back, which would be good for tanky/pure melee builds.  regardless though this is a super useful video ! thank you so much for making it, I cant wait to try out some of the ones you mentioned, really excited to try black knife tiche she looks so cool :-))
The mero
How are the perfumers?
I'm playing bleed build with double doubleblade (Eleanora + one with seppuku) and I can tell you that Mimic Tear with the same... omg we're building up bleeding SO FAST :O
As a kinda squishy melee dex build the respawning skeletons are king so far for me. Infinite tanking hp just cant be topped they give me so much room to breathe in nasty fights
black knife tish is incredibly op against the radagon fight if you're struggling with that.
Give jelly his own tier, that’s just how good he is.
U missed stormhawk deenh
How dare you disrespect the jellyfish!
How do you get the round shield around your main character?
I only use this this things for drawing aggro. I do the damage.
The jellyfish isn't a 1V1. She's a support summon, and one of the few that is very good at it. She poisons everything I've thrown her at, and the poison never wears off. The amount of bosses in my first playthrough I let jelly poison and then ran until they died is honestly embarrassing. Jelly didn't stack up because you used her in the worst possible way for her to be used.
My favorite is the 2 skeletons they revive from death a few times helped me through most bosses
I'd say take off Kristoff because he draws aggro about as well as a patch of grass .
Mimic. Next question.
You forgot some of the rather decent ones like pumpkin head, perfumer, stormhawk, blackflame monk, Kaiden sell sword, vulgar milita, and kindred of rot. You should really consider doing a part 2.
i feel like u just listed every basic bitch tank copy/paste ash as "A" tier but they should really be a b b tier cause 90% of those tanks do mediocre dmg. i also dont get why u listed the crystlian as a tier after stating it dies easy to strike attacks (which most bosses are) yet you listed the much stronger and better commented on warhawk as b tier? seems a bit mixed up. your also missing the "rat" ash that costs absolutely nothing and is great as a free distraction. also storm hawk denh which would probably be a c tier. also the basic bitch glintstone mage ashe of war. there might be a couple others. great video though and testing! i feel astel was a better representation being an open field then zamors area with height and walking restrictions tho.
Be a fkn man and don't use any of them..
love the way everyone rags on Jellyfish :D i did pretty much the entire game with it ^-^
Don't know if they nerfed Tiche or something, she's very passive now for me and dodges less.
This testing is extremely flawed.  Your only rankin gun their damage dealing potential. Which is not at all what makes a good summon
jelly fish is great for mage builds bc it’s so easy to get a ton of damage in while the boss is distracted
man i was sleeping on that archer chick.  gotta try her out.  i'm thinking Latenna for those big rooms and Dung eater for those tight quarters dungeon bosses.
I'm a bit confused. Latenna has high accuracy and DPS, but is squishy and can't move so you have to draw the aggro - straight to S. Lhutel is beefy and apparently has high DPS (since she gets the boss to half health with like 80% of her health remaining), straight to A?
I like the fingermaiden summon, but I think they programmed her to eventually stop healing.  idk, if a fight goes on long enough she'll just become retarded and not do anything.
Dislike, jelly sss+ tier
What about Nepheli Loux?
Kaiden sellsword should be up here he knocks down most bosses
To be honest, shield soldiers should rank s.
I recommend putting perfume items in your inventory if you are using the mimic tear as they will use those items (even the one which basically makes you semi-immune to a hit while boosting attack) - I have had my mimic apply that buff multiple times in a single battle for me.
No mini jar ashes?!???
Jordan bois are the best summon.
I think the rat summon is unique bc they can stagger bosses easily  (if they are not too big).
I humiliated Malenia with Tiche, it was hilarious lol
Mimic tear with habdheld ballista or jar cannon. thank me later
Thanks to Greatshield Soldiers I finished Elden beast almost without taking any damage, they should be at least A but personally I would put them at S
S tier for that shit archer? Jesus Christ this guy is clueless
Seriously how the fuck is the follower A tier? It’s absolutely sucks compared to the others
Follower at A tier? Are you fucking crazy? Haha that thing sucks ass
Rat
Finger Maiden Therolina isn't there! What a travesty. She's my favorite.
We all know Noble Sorcerer is SS tier that’s why it wasn’t on the list
Jelly is ONLY good early.
...she killed the boss on her own... and that's why I don't use spirits. If I wanted an idle game I would be playing, RAID, garbage legends.
baby jars for the win
Wait why isn’t mad pumpkin in the vid
I just use mad pumpkin a majority of the time, he does good damage and tanks for days while consistently pulling agro
missing the rats summon
My personal one I use for builds that don't use mind before I can get mimic tear is the Raya Lucaria Soldiers. They have a decent amount of tank, can be put out some alright damage with the magical grenade thing they use and only cost 59 fp.
Fp cost doesn't really mean anything.  Cerulean mix in your physic flask will let you summon any spirit regardless of cost and your max fp.
what if all ashes have some sort of secret or special interaction 🤔 😮
that wasnt a end level boss, what kind of noob are you? let them fight placidusax and count the seconds  how did nightmaiden not make it to S when they kill a boss, while another one who didnt kill the boss did get S.... theres no logic in this list
another good one to get is the Vulgar Militiamen; summons 3 militiamen equiped with the saw, so that's multiple small targets all building bleed on their target. by no means the strongest summon, easily upper B maybe lower A, I havent really *tested* them
I love Omenkiller summon. I used him most often because of his aggressive nature and that blood effect is just *muah*
your testing is so flaud coz you are testing all summons the same way, not all summons are for damage.  jelly fish isn't a dmg summon its an agroo summon!  for the archers you need to keep the agro on you for them to do dmg
I am not an expert on this game but I dont think you are using JellyFish correctly. JellyFish is not an ash to take on a boss on its own like the Mimic, Black knife Tiche, etc. Jelly Fish is suppose to be use as a distraction for the enemy,  a break for you to heal, power up, do charge attacks, etc. In this scenarios the JellyFish is actually on of the best Ashes because 1 it is tankie so it will not be 1 shot by some enemies, 2 it has a range attack so if you are fighting in a corner and the Jellyfish attacks many enemies will start slow walking towards it and last but not least 3 it does poison damage which is great if you also have poison build up weapon/skills.   In short what I am trying to say is you are having these animals (Ashes) in climb a tree competition (kill a boss) and you are judging a fish (JellyFish) for not being able to climb this tree (Kill the boss)
My tiches dude use this broken dagger like use lol .
If your level (status) is 400+.... then Mimic will be your number one spirit summon.   My level is 505..... and my Mimic became " God Levle Threat" ....LOL
Headless 5 shield bros Mimic tear   In every boss, in its specific situations, these are the strong 3 as they are the most versatile and survive the longest
Lhutel and Nightmaiden+Swordstress I think are better than the rest of the A tier column. I'd bump them to S
Honestly I’ve never had a good experience with the mimic tear. Half the time it’s not attacking or getting its ass kicked just like it was in the video.
Oo can you do a tip ten worst spirit summons I would love to see your thoughts
Bonus about Latenna: I also thought she was stationnary and pretty good already... but then I found out today through a youtube clip she has a mobility option: wolves. If you summon her in a zone containing wild wolves, and one of them gets close to her, she will tame it and ride it, increasing her attacking speed and allowing her to run around at mach speed. It doesn't really do anything in most, if not all, boss fights, since wolves are mostly found in the overworld and not in boss rooms, but it's a cool hidden mechanic unique to her.  Edit: Many of the comments have specified this to me, so I will correct a bit of misinformation on my part: it doesn't work on ALL wolves, only SOME wolves. They have to be about as big as the wolf she had when you get her ashes, so dire wolf size. The wolves in front of the Ranni Castle work, but I don't know if they appear in other places in the world.
How do you have enough to max out all these spirits?
One of my favorite early game were the demi humans if you attack with them they last awhile a lot more than the wolves do. I've defeated quite a few bosses with them just off their aggressive attacks.
I find that archer summons like Dolores and Latenna do best when the player is using the Sabriri's Woe talisman to keep enemy aggro off of them, especially Latenna since she can't move from the spot you summoned her. Latenna can do a lot of ranged dps if you keep enemies off of her.
Nepheli Loux Puppet is also quite a good one which sadly didnt make the list
What is this list? Dude, get all of them before you make a list.
Hey there buddy guy, if you see this, I hope you can include the Nepheli Loux puppet in another video.  Based on how that fight with Godrick goes, I gotta imagine she'd be strong.
No Fanged Imps? My first play through was as a bandit, dual wielding daggers. I just chose them as a starting Ash on a whim, and boy was I glad I did. Our Bleed stacking along with their ability to throw a ranged attack to draw aggro were so helpful for most of the game. I would use Latenna for some fights where the boss did a ton of AoE, but the Fanged Imps were so awesome.
you forgot the godrick soldiers
Dung Eater has become the best boii in my opinion
Every summon is good just depends on the situation.
Yeah... the jellyfish  just makes for a good distraction and kinda tanks a little is all... not good for offense 😕 😪
where would you put the mad pumpkin head?
Don't show the fkn Endboss bro...
I love how these tests is let the summon do the fight completely dissing how some work with player intervention. The jellyfish is amazing for snapping agro so you can get a heal, fp or hit in and poison them. Genuinely i use the jelly for melena or whats her name. Valkary bitch.
And what about Deeh?
The best spirt is the jellyfish
Jesus loves you all so much! He died on the cross for the price of our sins. He was buried, and 3 days later he rose from the dead and ascended into heaven. He died for our sins so that we may have eternal life with him and not burn in Hell; for the consequences of our sins is death and the lake of fire. We are all sinners and in need of a saviour. If you believe that with all of your heart and confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord and that he is the Son of God, you will be saved with much Grace and Mercy! Come to Jesus and believe on him today! 🙏📖
Vulgar Militia Ashes are really really good for early-mid game. Probably S tier simply due to bleed build up and they’re so small that most attacks swing over their head and miss them entirely.
What about Nepheli? does she suck?
Greatshield Soldiers more like THE BULLYING SQUAD
Also doesn’t the red mane knight fire a volley of arrows if you do a roar?
You missed the goat the mad pumpkin head
I still enjoy the relic tear. Especially with the talisman that keeps agro on you. Just remove it real quick and let them take the agro.
Not sure if it is a bug or not but I summoned Latenna while fighting some large direwolves and she started riding one that got close to her.
If you play ranged I highly recommend 5 shield guys, they tank a lot of damage and hit after each other to make boss busy, also they get very little damage from big weapons because of their shield
I’ve found that using a throwing knife will Agro the mausoleum soldiers on the targeted enemy. Really helps when they’re being stubborn
I think all the summons are great, provided you know what each summons is for.  Dont use the Greatshield bois as a melee build.  Use them for a mage build.  Jelly is good against anything that it can poison, and against floor based damage.
I would at least argue for the Greatshield Soldier Ashes to be at least A tier.  They are great at absorbing damage and they are cheap.  The primary damage dealer to bosses is the player. They are great for those shy spell casters too afraid to get their hands dirty in melee!  :D
This is a great video.  It displays all these ashes in action even though I kinda disagree with how the tests are performed.  You’re not wrong at all about the lower tier ashes being fragile or not dealing enough damage, but this testing environment favors the hardiest and brutalist among the summons.  The lower tier ones function better as extensions of your toolkit.  The wolves work great on foes that stagger easily as there’s three of them and they’re relentless, but work together best with a player who is just as relentless, gaining more aggro to keep you both alive and pummeling the boss so they can’t fight back.  Similarly Dolores and Miss Jellyfish work best when YOU focus on drawing most of the aggro, as they’ll take some away while shooting at the boss to give you a chance to breathe but you have to take it back to make sure they don’t get overwhelmed (and obvi best used on foes you know are more vulnerable to sleep/poison respectively).  Of course the hardy more expensive ones are more versatile in just being a staunch ally to fight alongside you, but the cheaper spirits function well if you’re using them as tools for their intended purpose.  Not detracting, great video, super informative.
Interesting enough with the lone wolf summons...they do blunt dmg so they are VERY useful against the crystalian bosses
How is it that you always look so great, even if you're in ratty pajamas?
Can't sleep on the Imps. They're melee or midrange, VERY aggressive and VERY fast, with bleed weapons and grenades. Some enemies have trouble just trying to land hits on them. They're not tanky though. Good B or maybe A rank summons, especially early game.
Hmmm, i would do two lists. One for Melee Builds and one for Range/Caster Builds. I would make a different list out caster perspective.
If your struggling with not being able to summon high fp summons you can set your physic potion with the cerulean hidden tear which gives you unlimited fp for 10 seconds allowing you to summon anyone within that 10 seconds even if you don’t have the right level of fp 👍🏼
Jellyfish suck I didn't even waste my time after plus 3
I love the fanged imps summon jus bc it does blood loss so I don't have to
Can't sleep on the Imps. They're melee or midrange, VERY aggressive and VERY fast, with bleed weapons and grenades. Some enemies have trouble just trying to land hits on them. They're not tanky though. Good B or maybe A rank summons, especially early game.
Imagine being a warrior whose name puts fear into your enemies name, and is an absolute killing machine on the battlefield, only to be bestowed basically the name of a shit eater
I would at least argue for the Greatshield Soldier Ashes to be at least A tier.  They are great at absorbing damage and they are cheap.  The primary damage dealer to bosses is the player. They are great for those shy spell casters too afraid to get their hands dirty in melee!  :D
I think all the summons are great, provided you know what each summons is for.  Dont use the Greatshield bois as a melee build.  Use them for a mage build.  Jelly is good against anything that it can poison, and against floor based damage.
Lhutel's bf: Why is it always no head?
What software are you using in the tiers?  Looks cool
Great list! FYI, you can un-summon a spirit by "summoning" it again. That way, you won't have another accident like the Black Knife Tishe one.
Hope to see a dung eater vs black knight video
If your struggling with not being able to summon high fp summons you can set your physic potion with the cerulean hidden tear which gives you unlimited fp for 10 seconds allowing you to summon anyone within that 10 seconds even if you don’t have the right level of fp 👍🏼
I take it this is from a Melee player's perspective. As glass cannon Mage, the Great Shield Soldiers are S+ tier. They surround a mob in a way that both distracts the boss and prevents them from moving much. This makes it super easy to annihilate them quickly with Commet Azure. They might not be good for soloing the boss...but that's not really the point.
Can't sleep on the Imps. They're melee or midrange, VERY aggressive and VERY fast, with bleed weapons and grenades. Some enemies have trouble just trying to land hits on them. They're not tanky though. Good B or maybe A rank summons, especially early game.
Great list! FYI, you can un-summon a spirit by "summoning" it again. That way, you won't have another accident like the Black Knife Tishe one.
Would love to see an updated video once you unlock the rest of the summons, great job man!
The strength of the wolves lie when combined with the player. They build up a ridiculous amount of stagger which easily triples the rate at which you get staggers in, and them coming in 3 and having high mobility means they prevent falloff. Their skittish nature also means bosses AI get confused
I would at least argue for the Greatshield Soldier Ashes to be at least A tier.  They are great at absorbing damage and they are cheap.  The primary damage dealer to bosses is the player. They are great for those shy spell casters too afraid to get their hands dirty in melee!  :D
What do you think about demi-human summons? I just like their design so I use them a lot lol but they seem to be good against other groups of enemies
I don't remember the jellyfish being good at all ngl. It doesn't even hold up against margit
If your struggling with not being able to summon high fp summons you can set your physic potion with the cerulean hidden tear which gives you unlimited fp for 10 seconds allowing you to summon anyone within that 10 seconds even if you don’t have the right level of fp 👍🏼
Omg bro lhutel should be S tier
Can't sleep on the Imps. They're melee or midrange, VERY aggressive and VERY fast, with bleed weapons and grenades. Some enemies have trouble just trying to land hits on them. They're not tanky though. Good B or maybe A rank summons, especially early game.
Storm hawk Deenh.
Jellyfish ain't supposed to fight tho.. they good at tanking stuff
Mimic tear , using river of blood(katana) on a bleed build is easily a S tier summon. It can solo tons of bosses And when both you and it use corpse piler,( the katana Ash of war) you absolutely melt everything. Proc every combo just about.
Great list! FYI, you can un-summon a spirit by "summoning" it again. That way, you won't have another accident like the Black Knife Tishe one.
The Dung Eater is even better than you think: his big AoE blast leaves a lingering debuff on enemies that lowers their dmg reduction AND resists so not only do they take more damage but statuses build up easier as well.  Dung Boi is S+ tier.
why aren't the wandering nobles on this list?? unsubbed..
I personally use the jellyfish a lot. You may not be a fan of jelly, but he is tanky and stays away from the boss which makes the boss run towards him which gives you time to heal and do a big attack.
They nerfed Finlay, didnt they.
I’m wondering if Dolores is better vs chunky bosses.  Something that harder to miss.
Lhutel the Headless has to be the best.
I had to re-watch the intro to figure out why you didn't have godrick soldiers anywhere. In your opinion they didn't even make the cut into this group? I'm sure they aren't S tier, but I've used them for almost every boss so far and they've always been decent. Granted, I'm not THAT far into the game, cause I tend to try and 100% clear each zone, and I'm working on atlus/caelid now. But, considering I don't have the resources to level too many summons to the same level yet, their 'all-around' goodness makes them a solid choice. Decent tanks, decent stagger damage, etc. Were they really not even worth throwing into the list? i.e. you rated them lower than D tier?
Where is pot throwing boy?
The mimic tear was nice to have. I ran dual katana with frost and bloodhound step.
I didn't notice any of the soldier Ashes like God Rick and Reya.
What about the man serpent ashes ?
Please read: [WAY OF HOPE & PEACE  John 3:16 For God so loved the world (all people), that he gave his only begotten Son (Jesus Christ), that whosoever believes in him should not perish (condemned to hell), but have everlasting life.  John 3:36 He that believes on the Son (Jesus Christ) has everlasting life: and he that believes not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abides on him.  John 14:6 Jesus said to him (us), I am the way, the truth, and the life (eternal life):  no man comes to the Father, but by me.  Eph. 2:8-9 For by Grace (from God) are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:  Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Eph. 1:13 In whom (Jesus) you also trusted, after that you heard the Word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that you believed, you were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise,  Rom. 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;  Rom. 5:1 Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:
A lot of these won't run in and start aggroing a boss until you start a fight, (it varies. Imps do, wolves do.) but I've definitely noticed that Kristof can't resist a dragon. IS THAT A DRAGON?! And off he charges. I keep giving him what he wants.
The issue with the testing is that in the actual game, you’ll be supporting your summons. They aren’t there to 1v1 your enemies
What about the imps :<
idk I feel like what a player considers what the best summons are, is mainly opinionated really. Just comes down to a matter of preference lol However, all the same this video was pretty cool though, I liked it. 👍👍👍👍
Quick tip if anyone is struggling with renala at any point get the marionette soldiers the will basically perma stager her
Liked and extra comment for YT algorithm 🍻
Perfect video. Saving for all future references. Wish you could fit them all in one vid category
What armor you wearing?
My favorite are the imps, there are 2 of them, they both alternate Ranged magic and melee bleed attacks, I think they'll probably be B tier
So your criteria of judging summons based on how well they can or can’t solo bosses is super flawed.  Summons are either supposed to almost always have aggro or almost never. Those who aren’t supposed to have aggro won’t be good at soloing bosses.
First off dont tell me what I need or dont need. Second im out of here, i dont watch elden ring videos.
Larenna  the archer can ride wolves bro!!!!!!!
How can you do jellybro like that.
wolves or the jelly? damn now that's sad.
Elden Ring is basically Pokemon Black with all these summons!
There are some areas where you can summon ashes but you might not want to comnit a life or fp flask for the summoning. Rat ashes are free and might be useful. Also it really depends on the cost. What makes mimic so great is that  every build can use them while f.e. tiche might be to expesive
You can unsummon your ash the same way you summon it btw.
I rock the wolves with bleed build and generally 2 of them die b4 the boss does. Then again reduvia dagger is crazy.
Mad pumpkin head?
Shield soldiers are definitely S tier, They might not have the same DPS as tiche but that's not what you use them for. They're here to tank damage and they do it the best, simple as. They're the only summon to have a dedicated taunt and will even lob pots at enemies to draw more aggro. Combine this with the fact the total health of this summon is split into five enemies these guys last a absurd amount of time.
Fun fact, Latenna will tame and ride certain wolves and will use Radahn's arrows if you use a certain war cry. And yes I'm serious!
With mimic tear, i made a faith build Absolutely broken obviously   Get lord/elden heal incantation   And any spell which gives scarlet rot (rotten breath or malenias blossom incantation) dude just goes complete immortal and heals  Then you can just use either a range build or whatever and you literally just win  Its lowkey toxic tbh
Where is the Depraved Perfumer carmaan ashes tho? Did you missed it? I think it is probably S-Tier aswell, especially because you can find this one so early in the Game...
Goblins!
About the Mimic tear... I used 2 bleed/frost spears vs Malenia. I thought I was wrecked in the second phase. She got stunned for a second, next thing I knew her life bar vanished and 17k dealt in maybe 10s don't know how.
It's weird to see a tier list based on how they fight themselves. I see summons as linked to your build. If I'm a warrior with tankiness I want an Archer or Mage summon. If I'm a sorcerer I want a tank who can draw aggro. You know, normal rpg archetypes. I think this list treats ER as more of a hack and slash game rather than an rpg. Some of these just feel off.
The great shield soldiers are S tier for anyone who is ranged. They draw agro STRAIGHT away. You become invisible to the boss. They make hard bosses trivial
Personally I loved the Depraved Perfumer Carmaan Ashes the most by far. Tanky enough, uses health potions, has poison, decent amount of damage. True it's not a mimic or a Tiche but he def gets the job done
Genuinely surprised the Mausoleum Soldiers didn't make it onto the list. The 5 of them are pretty beefy, and with 3 of them having Brass Shields for 100% physical absorption, they can take a good amount of punishment before all of them get cleared out. Definitely one of the better Grave Glovewort summons
Most summons are going up against Ancient Hero of Zamor, poor Cleanrot Finlay gets paired with a godskin apostle...
No godrick soldiers....
I jus gave Warhawk away I think lol
the method you used to measure their effectiveness is really faulty. I have over 200 hours in Elden Ring and can honestly say jellyfish is amazing lol It cant tank a boss no, but whiles you are fighting the boss, dodging attacks it is picking away at its health as poison begins stacking up on it... i killed margitt way under levelled due to the jellyfish poisoning. Of course in a 1v1 vs a boss it wont measure against something to black blade Tishe fighting but that's not the way that summon is used.
What about the other hawk??
The rotten stray doesn't have the same bugged as the actual enemy? F
I swear by black knife tiche. Not the most original choice but the amount of bosses I’ve done with tiche, even all the way up to the elden beast
My only complaint about your research and or experiments with the spirit ashes is :>>> It would have been nice to see the S tier line up. But thanks for your efforts anyways my friend. Good day. 😺
Typical Noob tier list that has his colors backwards
is this all spirit summons?
Soldjars of fortune? kindred of rot? still need some summons in here.
WTF No Finger Maiden Therolina Puppet?!?! Best Support Ash in the game, she heals, she aggros and she never dies, she even heals you! At least an A tier Ash! (PS Also no Stormhawk Deenh? Hope to see these two soon :D )
You forgot the tumors
Didn't watch. Don't care. Fashion Souls for life. Gitgud.
I wish the mimic tear didn’t exist because it negates the need to use any other spirit ash
Where is my mad pumpkin..
Is Stormhawk Denh any better than the regular one?
The only spirit I found most useful among my three spirits is the lone wolf ash. The other 2(noble ashes, godrick sodier ashes) does not even in this tier list so I guess they are trashes then
Don't forget Eagly!(Peacemaker lol) and the stank Dung Eater..  To summon ANY spirit regardless of. your FP level, you can; equip the Cerulean Hidden Tear to your Wondrous Physick flask= unlimited FP for a few. ;)
14:16 Ahh yes, the Ancient Pincushion of Zamor.  My go-to Spirits in my first playthrough were the normal Godrick Knights, I found them to be the best mix of damage and tankability out of all the knight spirits. The hammer guy does good damage while the crossbow one usually stays back and shoots, which means he is alive longer (because I mainly used the spirits to tank and distract one boss in a gank so I can focus on the other boss).  Also what's that that armor you are wearing with the golden/beige diagonally shaped cape?
On my first playthrough, I hardly found any spirit ashes at all. None of the ones that use Ghost Glovewort. I even checked the wiki because I was confused about the item description. I had no idea there were this many Ashes in the game. I only used the Ancestral Spirit my first time through. Ever since then, It's been using exclusively Mimic Tear.  Even after the nerf, it's still amazing.
As an aggressive player,  Oleg has never steered me wrong. Any time I get caught and hit he immediately picks up aggro and is beefy enough to survive it all. Even against the final bosses he usually still has about half his health left after the whole fight.
I was expecting for an enemy to be anti-ash, like controlling the ash and putting it against you jajajajja, but never happened 😔
Hugues had me dying of laughter , he got so pissed and ended up non-stop slamming one of the catacomb bosses into the ground with his hammer, like he did NOT stop and it was actually hilarious, i almost forgot to attack cause of how ridiculous it looked 😂😂😂
The problem with summons like mausoleum and headless is that their constant teleporting makes them lose aggro all the time, which is hard to tell with the way you tested, since you try not to attack and let them do their thing.
I don't think you understand what the differences between the tiers are supposed to be. You should not be saying "Meh. He's alright." And put them in  B tier. Most of those dudes you described in A tier should've been in B, and those in B should've been in C. This was poorly judged. Also, Jellyfish is a support ranged dude, not a solo boss killer. Come on.
instead of grouping every spirit together, mb try braking them into different types ie tank dps support, and then rank them for each category.
Latenna gang all day
Latenna A tier max. She's stationary so most bosses just walk up to her and wreck her
The great shield are good at staggering the rot boss chick Melina ??
I don’t know why people think the jellyfish is so good 😂😂😂😂 instead of all hail the jellyfish it should be all hail Black Knife Tiche
Sorry you are getting hostile comments. I loved your video and it's proven to be very helpful. Thanks!
You should try Azula beastmen spirit ashes aswell for your next video
Poor jelly fish 😭😭
Certainly not the strongest but Lhutel was my first big summon I found and he's done me right the whole game. With his teleport and health pool he has great survivability even against later bosses.
Doesn't the warhawk give you a buff
Judging spirits based solely on whether or not they can 'solo a boss', is missing the point entirely I feel. I don't even like the jellyfish, but letting it try to solo a boss, rather than keeping the aggro on the player and kiting/chipping the boss down, then declaring it a 'bad summon' just makes no sense.  This is a good video and you make good points, but the method of testing vastly favors a specific type of summon.
Hell ya Great shield soilders. They are really good tank fooder. Since most boss don't in early game at least don't have weapons to overcome a great shield. So it good for distraction and they stay alive longer
You should have had another ss tier
11:51  Latenna the Albinauric, the girl with the arrows and no legs on S tier? Absolutely disagree with that, from my experience she gets completely destroyed once a boss has agro on her. She is weak and belongs in B tier at most.
i agree, jellyfish is trash.   black knife is so good she carried me through the last 3 bosses on 3 different characters.  I had been using mimic up to that point but switched to tische when mimic wasn't cutting it.  TBH most of the non legendary summons are pretty bad and really only usable early game till you get ~100 fp or get your infinite FP physick.  Agree about Finlay too, i leveled it up to 10 because of another channel's clickbaitey video titles *cough* ragegamingvideos *cough* and regretted it.
I think I need to get the rotten stray... if I tank, the dog can just work on getting scarlet rot onto the boss because lets face it, % Max Health damage on bosses is busted.
All i need is my mimir tear+10. Im a melee, using a twinblade and frost stomp. The mimic is extremely tanky and has good dmg as well.  He constantly takes agro from bosses so i can deal dmg. Perfect
I didn’t know Owen Wilson was so into elden ring
Lots of folks are saying not to use greatshield soldiers as a melee build, but I disagree. Even as a melee character I don't necessarily want the boss to be focusing on me or moving around a lot, and Greatshields lock down even multiple bosses really well, letting me get in close, land some heavy poise demolishing hits and then getting my crits. Greatshield has made most of the bosses in the game laughably easy for my melee char.
I like the stormhawk ashes, the damage buff is nice
Demihuman ashes?
Skeletons in general are good to draw away aggro because they get revived, if they aren't hit for a while  Though the mimic has so much health you don't need it to revive anyway xD
I wish the bipedal giant crow in cealid was a summon.  Those birds are dicks
I noticed on renala, both the jellyfish and the wolves just flat out suck, even though they were carries early game, it's crazy how weak they scale.
*Spirit Summon Exists*  *SwanyPlaysGames:* "A Tier"
Amon Dark Flame Monk!!!!!!!!!!!
Why are they only +9 you psychopath
which is it?  did you level them BEFORE or AFTER you took all yhose pics?  you're lying about one of them
Where's Amon the Dark flame Monk. He's my favorite
why do you repeat every f!@king sentence several times?
Cleanrot Knight Finlay is an EASY A+ tier for the right player. Genuinely if you’re keeping aggro her DPS is bonkers.   Sincerely - a Malenia LARPer
Lol the Mausoleum soldiers just stand there sometimes cuz they can’t see
25 mins long? Get a grip. No way im watching you talk for that long
No Sold-Jars of Fortune!? *Sad*
The crystalians are dudes but people often call them girls because they're thin and have lady gaga hair
what is the best summons that you can get earliest??
Missing some other puppets my giy
Real men don't summon
Lol people here are so petty I swear. He clearly stated which spirits are stronger on their own. No shit you’ll beat a boss quick if the two of you and the spirit fight at the same time. People jump the gun so easily lol but whatever. I use a lot of different kind of spirits for different types of bosses. Gets boring only playing one spirit thoughout the whole game.
Down voted for disrespecting the Jellyfish.
Lhutel was my girl for a significant part of the game until I got the mimic. Such a good summon.
11:51 "And because she's so accurate..." *Misses*
Can't believe he did my jelly boy like that.
Jellyfish sucks
Luther the headless is Stier not A bruh
Crystalian was great against slower bosses for me on my caster build, but her inaccuracy and overall abysmal movement/attack speed meant anything that could dodge or run didn't take many hits, and ignored her for most of the fight while she top-spun in futility. I've been putting Oleg to work instead and he tends to at least keep the boss' attention so I can cast in relative peace, provided I let him run in before I start blasting.
Where's mad pumpkin head?
You can lock your save file to ‘read-only’. That way you can test to your heart’s content. Save and quit outside boss fog, lock save file and streamline your process.
Why do you say new game plus with seeming disgust? Are you not one of us
Where be pumpkin head?
Skeleton summons can be so clutch sometimes with their respawning, as long as you can keep the boss off their corpse they can last a lookong time  Skeleton Bandit is much better summon than Militiamen
Great list, love the logic behind it.  I wish though they were separated by how hard it is to get.  Or late game vs Early game.   because I am sure the lower one would rank high in early game.
I’ve been saying since early game that the Nightmaiden and Swordstress were my girls lol. They do work if you use them right. I summoned them in the sorcery village in Calid while I lit the 3 towers they went through and killed every thing down below I. The village. They also helped me in a lot of boss battles easily win. I use them snd my mimic. Now I’m still playing pre nerf mimic so if I summon him together we can easily take on anything in the game and I have also stepped back and just let them beat the boss on Their own a few times lol.
Never understood how the dogs as enemies are so op and broken. But as an ally… well they’re good just to be cute.
You forgot nepheli loux spirit ashes.
I agree about the jellyfish
I have to agree on the jellyfish. At first it was good. But lately, nah. It takes too long to shoot at bosses, etc. I really need to watch this. I'm not even sure what spirits are best for me.
Mimic is just ditto from pokemon 😄
Click baited the video to make it seem like a there was a summon in a higher tier than mimic and black night…smh
What about the mad pumpkinhead
My boy Oleg, makes me crack up man. I got him maxed out and he's the GOAT. I forget what fight I had, where it was two bosses we literally killed one each, had me me laughing and with 75% of health left. Only time he kicked it was with the dual crystalines. Love this guy.
The skeletons are great cuz they just keep coming back because rarely do the enemies hit them after they have been killed letting them regen
What I love (and hate) about the Ancestral Follower is that when they use the bow they almost 100% will always use the “mighty shot” ashes of war with is almost a near 100% hitscan shot which is why they nearly never miss, both as a summon and as an enemy hence the little bit of hate
What about the storm hawk?
For testing spirit ashes on bosses it's a useful thing that they can be dismissed bei using the summoning bell again, if they are too strong and about to kill the target. (Just if you need the boss for further testing.)  But thanks for the great video. I just got Ogha today and he's awesome. Just make sure the boss is the first thing he sees or is at least not too far away. Can be that he happily kills a small animal and then just wander off, away from the combat action and you literally have to bring the fight to him.
lhutel should be S tier, she can almost solo the draconic tree sentinel by herself
Wait what about nepheli?! Isn’t she a summon?!
No love for the Demihuman troops? They are good at aggroing the opponent and a beefy. They do reasonable damage, and work really well with a dexterity or mage build.
Great job on this breakdown! Thank you for testing these.
Can you do this same compare again, but just with S-tier ashes?
I love trying out new spirits, but when shit gets real I find myself coming back to Redmane Knight time and time again. He is my Solaire for Elden Ring: ol' reliable. Definitely deserves top billing!
People sleep on Blackflame Monk Amon.  He struggles with fast movement bosses, but he's pretty tanky and uses a LOT of the Godskin incantations.
My Tiche almost solo'd Malenia.
Ur still missing some ashes that wasent all the ashes in the game
Maybe for your next videos, try making a two part special. Part one is where you try to find out which support/dps summons are best for a shield/spear melee tank. Part two would be for a mage who needs summons that would take aggro.
Ancestral Follower heals itself when killing an enemy. Pretty nice against mobs.
Black Knife Tiche is still by far the best. Bruh you literally made this thought out planned video knowing Tiche is actually the best. Its like 1 of you pea brain youtubers make a video and the rest just follow pursuit looking like fools telling lies lmao. Sure Dung Eater is good but i have e.v.e.r.y. s.i.n.g.l.e summon all the way upgraded and not 1 compares to Tiche. why do 8k people like this when it is false info out the gate. Simpin be easy
I've only found the jellyfish useful twice. I used it to poison Margit and to poison the Draconic Tree Sentinel. But I at least can say it helped .e through the play through  I thought it was funny he put the mimic tear in S when a lot of the ones he put in A did more damage before dying. I know the mimic tear is build dependent but just found it ironic.   A nice list all in all, though
I'm sure someone already said it somewhere in the 1000+ comments, but something important to remember about some of the summons is that they aren't meant to solo the boss.  I completely agree that a summon that melts the boss alone is S+ tier, but some of the ones ranked low are still amazing.  Jellyfish is great at distracting the boss, and if it can be poisoned even better.  Still better if it's a boss in a terrible arena with floor damage, or a boss that puts crap on the floor. Rotten Stray is amazing because of Scarlet Rot.  Get that on a boss, and just run around staying alive.  Poof.  Boss down. Running a high crit build?  Lone Wolves are great at staggering bosses.  Because there are 3, and they are so aggressive they break through poise fast opening up bosses to crits.  All that being said, I did appreciate this list showing which ashes are just monsters.  My first playthrough is focused on just doing as much as I can, and isn't capitalizing on any specific build so having a monster summon is helpful.  All-in-all, enjoyed the video, and the list.
So what’s the best one?
If you're measuring the summons without doing anything at all then that's going to skew your results.  Not all the ashes are meant to solo bosses. Jellyfish in particular needs time to apply the poison, she's not great, but she's not garbage either as this video suggests. Finlay is situationally good depending on resistances, but she's situational.  Lhutel is easily S tier, she has NO situation where she gets annihilated and she's one of the tankiest summons for working WITH players the aforementioned issue with trying to summon them alone skewing results shows heavily with Lhutel and the fact that she got A tier in this video when that's not even her job should show how good she actually is when you're not simply trying to watch your game. Video also didn't bother to mention that Lhutel does indeed have ranged attacks as well, but due to how they ran the experiment you don't see Lhutel use them if she has aggro, but her ranged attacks help her pull aggro if you take it away from her once again if you're not simply watching her fight and doing literally nothing like in the video.  Dung Eater is worse than Lhutel if you want a tank and he's not as offensive as Tiche. Nephali Loux performs about equivalently and costs significantly less FP (24) if you give her the potion. Dung Eater's damage is largely dependent on Bleed as well, whilst he keeps his tankiness so he's not entirely situational like Finlay, he does have several bosses he doesn't work nearly as well against that even the tankier Lhutel can outperform him damage wise.  Missing one of the best non-special summons in the Godrick Soldier Ashes, but this type of experiment would skew them as poor. Cheap and tanky if you're desperate for a low cost summon. Great Shield Soldiers are tankier but also more expensive, by a decent margin if you don't invest in mind at all you can still summon Godrick Soldier Ashes but you won't be able to summon Great Shield Ashes. Giant Rats should get a special mention for being absolutely free of any cost all together and being surprisingly not garbage.  In Closing:  Lhutel for tank, Tiche for damage, Mimic tear can easily beat them both in both category if spec'd to work with the Mimic Tear's new drawbacks (high defense resist, high poise, and a strong weapon for basic attacks works best with the Mimic post nerf since it uses the Weapon Art significantly less that doesn't matter nearly as much anymore) Dung Eater is good for status support. His shout decreases the enemies defense and resistances to ALL status effects, whislt he only builds bleed you can use Dung Eater to build poison, rot, bleed or frost thinking of him as a tanky support Ash with good AI. Keep Latenna in S because if you don't mind holding aggro she's just as strong DPS-wise as Tiche and signficantly cheaper that somebody without a lot of Mind investment can even use and that's your S tier. Redmane Knight Ogha does NOT follow you after being summoned unlike most ashes and patrols the area in a very small range, in larger boss arenas this can even keep him from engaging the boss if you summon him too far away like at the start of entering the field. He's unreliable. His bow is also magical so if the enemy resists magic damage heavily he struggles as he heavily prefers ranged combat to melee combat if he has the choice which if the player pulls aggro he will primarily only use his bow which can be unreliable accuracy-wise when trying to hit moving targets which in turn keeps him from drawing aggro from the player and making him more or less a worse damage Ash than Tiche or Latenna in those scenarios. Since you get limited Ghost Gloveworts to get +10 spirits it's smarter to choose special spirits that are ALWAYS reliable and Redmane Knight Ogha isn't one of those.  Quick tier of standout Ashes and some mentioned in the video simply because they were in the video. Also note there is a trick with the flask of wonderous physick that can render FP cost moot, you just need the Cerulean Hidden Tear and you get 15 seconds where you have no FP cost including for summoning Ashes so if you have that cost is no longer a factor at all and you can pick from S tier with impunity, it also drops Latenna down because she's more of a extremely good for the FP cost Ash than actually being fully better than Tiche as they have similar DPS values and Tiche has more going for her what with being able to move and all. S+ Mimic Tear (still good enough to be in a class of it's own went built properly for it) S Lhutel, Tiche, Latenna, Dung Eater  A Nephali Loux (Dung Eater outperforms Nephali when everything goes his way, they're about even when it doesn't, but Nephali is cheaper) Azula Beastmen, Greatshield Soldier, Ancestral Follower (no reason to use him over Latenna really though) B Redmane Ogha (inconsistent and significantly weaker if the player is participating), Kaiden Sellsword (tanky single character Ash, better than Greatshield Soldier Ash when the boss has large AoEs other than that usually worse and costs more to deploy), Giant Rat Ash (completely free of any cost actually decent at dealing damage, frail and vulnerable to AoE very similar to Lone Wolf Ashes, but without the cost, best Ash for 0 Mind build outside of Mimic Tear honestly) C Godrick Soldier Ash (extremely cheap relative and tanky), Rotten Stray (stronger poison than Jellyfish only good when poison is good, but really cheap which helps the ranking), Radahn Soldier Ash (About as tanky as Godrick Ashes, but stronger however at a higher cost to use as well), Lone Wolf Ashes (cheap damage dealing ash with decent poise damage, but frail and vulnerable to AoEs) D Jellyfish (treat the Jellyfish like Latenna, it doesn't move very quickly and to shine needs the player to draw aggro, has a high HP pool, but it can get hit a lot if the boss has quick successive attacks and only even remotely usable if the boss can be poisoned)
Skeletal bandit?😔 ik he kinda ass but still😭
You do realize that there is a physick that lets you cast any summon right? The one that gets rid of all fp costs? I’m not sure I would count the fp cost if we are talking late level summons.   Also while I can definitely appreciate the statistical fortitude of letting the summons solo the bosses to get a good idea of their power there are quite a few where the power is in toggling threat. Granted raw power/hp is important but that’s definitely not all there is to it.   I would do a pre-azula or even pre-capital summons ranking video.
Ah and something I found with the aggro on spirits, if you struggle get yourself a cursed-blood pot, it's a taunt in a can.
Isn’t it actually black knife “teach” as far as pronunciation ? You know like Blackbeard?
Heeeey wait a minute what about my demi humen  pychos. Wtf were they just not even worth your list ?
Made my way here as soon as I heard about the Dung Eater summon. Interesting video, thank you!
I feel like the rats went somewhat under the radar, as while yes they're weak, they're completely free
I’ve only used the jellyfish until I got Mimic. Never needed to swap to anything else.
It's a damn shame the ashes don't evolve, you would think there would be a way to get a story point like the jellyfish sisters and have them merge or evolve, banished knight duo, lone wolf losing it's pack and becoming a blade wolf, headless getting her head back...  Maybe that idea will be picked up, maybe not.
He lost me at a couple of those s and a tier but decent .
jellyfish is goated because it can aggro bosses so you can get damage in. not meant to do that much damage.
I wish there were more spirit ashes that cost hp over mana cause one good summon often is a whole blue flask to waste..
I actually beat Margit with the Rotten Stray due mostly to it's aggressiveness
Luthel at A tier only? She can solo so many bosses on her own, I'm quite surprised.  BTW, you can also summon Nepheli Loux's puppet. And instead of dying to stop the experiment, just bring the bell a second time and your summon will withdraw.
i see you put latenna in S tier i instanl like and sub , that baby carry me throught many boss for my tank build
Idk how long this video is but it could have been a screen shot also you did not rank dung eater
People in the comments - do you know how I know you all are gay? Because, all it takes to impress you is something 'hard'.   And there's nothing wrong with that. This game kinda sucks.
The jellyfish is great for players who just want a summon to aggro the boss quickly from range, not necessarily damage it. So at least your killing the boss yourself pretty much just a little helping hand
I think my only problem with this list is I feel personally you put to many into A-tier
What the hell?  My Mimic Tear is extremely passive and does almost nothing the whole fight, despite having possibilities. The same with Lhutel the Headless. She is so passive, that she can't hold any aggro because her attacks are so rare and relatively weak. It's like the bosses get bored with her and seek another target for more of a challenge, even if I didn't ataack them once. Rollo on the other hand is awesome and can hold aggro and do damage. I love that guy. The Great Shield Dudes are not as tanky as I would like and they hardly do any damage to bosses, but they are okay at crowd control.
The mimic tear always took health
If you are a melee build and want to tango in a boss' face Latenna is the best support summon. Her shots track and hit hard as fuck at +10. And her range is insane. I put her in the woods by the Draconic Tree Sentinel she made him her bitch.
a quick tip if you decide to do any more testing with ashes: if you want to stop a summon from killing a boss reliably you don't need to rush in to body block or die. you can just use the ash again and it will ask if you want to dismiss the summon. this was a pretty good and comprehensive ranking (even if you did disrespect the jellyfish lol) and I saw some ashes I didn't know about yet with almost 200 hours of playtime.
Waaaaat?! No wandering nobles? Come on gotta fill out that D tear!
This is all based on the player not getting involved. If you did the same kind of thing but the player took agro once in a while, it would show how well the ash works alongside the player and in some cases how effective the ash is at getting the bosses agro. Just seems a strange way to rate them.
I'm level 113 been using Mr. Jellyfish the whole time...just now got mimic haven't used him yet tho
Bro, you can banish your spirits by clicking in their icon again
"they" 😐
i think you're sleeping on perfumer tricia, the mere fact she'll support you and buff you and even sometimes tank hits makes her a great support for mages
The bois (aka the marionette soldiers, aka mario and luigi) are my go to.  I play a towershield and spear melee tank and ill draw and hild aggro with shabriri's talisman, scholars shield and a towershield while pelt whatever i want dead with arrows.  If they go to attack my bois, they get counterhit with a sacred pike for boucoup damage.  Marionette soldiers are definitely for if you can hold aggro on you.
Not gonna lie. I love my skeleton bro summon. Them dieing and coming back over n over hs saved me sooo many times fr
All of this summon shit reminds of cinders mod for DS3 were you had a bunch of summoning stuff on you at all times which surprise me is that's where from software got the idea also I can't wait for a pasifist ymfah video with these things
i use the finger maiden that heals, she can be pretty useful and tanky when you are out of flasks
You should've just did all of them. And also, have more divisions.
Should try on another boss coz most are immune to recoil so summons like black knife are less effective
Sad you didn't mention Giant Rats. They are extremely good, high poise dmg, ok hp pools, no cost to summon, and summon on top of the enemy rather than next to you.
No way is that archer girl S if the Riot shield guys are B
Each and every summon is a ridiculous kotaku-journalist-easy-mode triggerer and you should feel ashamed for using them.
I love the Jellyfish, mainly because I have no other options ayy lmao
For me:   Tiche = MOM Battle mage cannon blaster boi = DAD
Oh, when you said that those hawk are annoying as fuck. I friggin histerically laugh in agreement.
Great Shield Soldiers will do amazing damage against non-mobile bosses. An example is Ordovis and his crucible knight buddy, at +9 they nearly murdered him when I finished beating up his buddy.
I use the Unga Bunga Bois. It's them or nothing
Did u miss some other summoners???? Someone is missing I think.
Me when summoning mimic tear  Me: Prepare for trouble  Mimic tear: and make it double
What about Stormhawk Deehn?
Raya Lucaria Soldier Ashes???
Aside from dung eater those in the s tier don't deserve to hang with tiche
The smith slaps everything in the game leaving them confused
I don't know but when I fought the hero of azula i found him extremely easy, he wasn't dealing any significant damage  while I was the one dishing out all the damage. While I had serious trouble with some other minibosses like crucible knights
A really good one you missed are the Radahn Soldiers. Not the tankiest, but some if the highest dps. Really good for bursting down Bosses quickly.
Where are Goldrick's soldiers? With their shields and hammers, they are a lean mean boss staggering machine!
If you are a bleed build of any sort mimic tear is still by far the best summon.  It's does almost as much damage as you do esily.
Thank you I've been wondering which alternative I have other than mimic against elden beast
Black Knife Tiche was too OP Im just leave her hitting the boss alone Surprisingly she managed to kill the boss on 80% HP  My main after mimic and dung eater
What about the pot bois?
This dude just got trolled LMAO  The jellyfish sucks and all those comments are from trolls LOL
Mad perfumer caarman is good. Check him out. Kind of expensive at 124 fp
The Nox sisters are the best ones that I have found yet mid to late game. Black knife is definitely OP will get it before I finish the game thanks.
The ancestral guy better hit shit with his bow. The ones that shoot me are so fucking cheap with impossible to dodge shots from across the game. I'll zig zag sprinting on the horse and get hit with one of those arrows and the guy shot through two tree branches 500 yards away. Meanwhile my guy cant hit anything because the bow has no distance and also the cross isn't where the actual arrow is shooting from.
Thank you for taking the time to do this analysis and sharing your results.
I noticed you didn't ever talk about the demihumans
NEPHELI LOUX
Been using Tiche and the black flame apostle. Both do percentage damage but Tiche is hard to hit and the apostle is very aggro with constant pressure. One for long battles one for crushing posture. Kaiden Selsword is also a total bro, really fun to combo with and pretty beefy with high damage and high posture damage. Case in point some summons excel at fighting alone while others do more posture damage then actual damage to benefit you. And you can't go wrong with Hedwi- I mean the Deene if you don't wannq feel like you're trivializing the boss. Gives a solid attack buff, good follow up attacks to stagger enemy for your follow-up, and is airborne so most enemies struggle to hit her.
No Fanged Imps? They easily carried me until Black Knife.
The Jellyfish may not be the best spirit ash, but it's the hardest working.
Black Knife Tich, She is still the best. She never gets killed and actually helps kill bosses. Especially handy late game
Too bad there's no "bugged bleed dog" spirit ash.  It would get boring to use pretty fast, but it would be funny.
all i use is jelly when im one on one fighting a boss.
kinda hard not to hate on this video. hurts to watch. a lot of no sense in the ranking even based on your own video exemples.
Missed the fanged Imps. Not the best but my personal favorite….
your list is very incomplete
Oleg is my boy
I recommend having the explosive flask on when trying to test stuff without killing the boss. Just drink it when it gets close instead of having to run and hope to die first.
What about Nepheli? Is she a good summon? Never seen anyone use her.
The way you talk about Warhawk ashes it looks like it belongs on A tier if it's hard for them to get hit and they deal decent damage and blows fire it sounds like a pretty good spirit
Do I need a magic build for the nightmaden & swordstress puppets for them to get an extra buff?
7:58 bruh, she was fighting one of the strongest boss in the entire game, how was she supposed to show her skills against that?  I mean, i'm pretty sure she can beat any of previous bosses in the video.
Soldjars of fortune is by far the best.
The only s tier that even got a boss to 50% or lower was black knife tiche and she killed the boss. Your rankings are off. You even mentioned that one summon would be s tier if it had good range then processed to place it into b tier. I use black knife tiche and imo shes the best summon ATM.
Where is Amon?
Black Knife Tiche! I got her just last night & she destroys! Barely takes any damage & her dagger special shoots blasts that just melts boss health constantly. She’s def “S”
Have you tried storm hawk deenh? I havent personally
i think the Mimic still wins. up-grade- him 10 max he still has helped me put down lot of bosses
Mimic tear is basically Batman with proper preparation its op
Tiche + Ekzyke's Decay = every boss on easy mode
So there's just no rhyme or reason to the video order you rank them in, huh? Let's be honest, I'm not watching a 25 minute video from someone I don't know, skipping to the end didn't work, so I'll just skip the whole video.
I really hate the existence of the Ashes. They are literally difficulty sliders. They near trivialize the game. It’s like being in coop without empowering a boss that is still designed to be perfectly beatable 1vs1..
For the mausoleum soldiers if u use them with the beast blood jar they will agro on whatever you throw it on
You missed some really good ones. Stormeagle Deenh, Mad Pumpkin Head, the serpent, and a couple others.
I'm old enough to remember when Elden Ring was called "World of Warcraft"............
Ogha is an excellent choice for S tier due to his versatility and tankiness.  He helped me beat Malenia so he has my seal of approval.
Intro: "I will try to put them in 1V1 to see how they do on their own." 5:19 Black Knife Tiche - Kill the boss with almost dead herself - "She's literally melt bosses" >> S Tier 12:47 Luthel the Headless - about to kill the same boss with about half HP left. - "She just doesn't straight up annihilate bosses" >> A Tier  I see 2 standards here ...  My Luthel is still the strongest in my runs, the only downside is her being quite tame in attacking/agroing compared to others. But she gets the job done giving her longer time. (Mage/range players will love her.)  Good Video overall & Good info, by the way. I only disagree with Luthel being lower than Tiche. XD  Edit: Redmane Knight Ogha same S rank as Tiche ... Now I feel disrespecting to Luthel XD Why, bro? He's very similar to Luthel (Melee+Shield & Range attack), and he can't even teleport to dodge attacks like Luthel, Man! - He can't even kill that boss! (The video didn't show it, but it's likely he will die before the boss or very close win.)  Still, thank you very much for the comparison on them all. I didn't even know some of them are good/great to use. :D
Yes Dung Eater! Easily my favourite. One of the big baddies from the game who you can turn into your puppet through quest and dialogue options. Everything about him is awesome.
Redmane Knight can make Malenia uninstall with all the staggers from his bow :)
Before black knife Tiche I was using Nepheli Loux puppet, pretty solid
Neat Tip for Redmane Knight Ogha: if you use a Warcry type ash of war near Ogha when summoned, he will shoot a raining volley of gravity arrows from the sky, just like the Radahn fight Edit: it even says in its summon description
Oleg <3
The fact you're only testing on bosses could be holding the potential of a lot of these summons back - alot of areas you can summon are in open world against many enemies, where some summons might shine more than others Edit: great video tho, not trying to hate ✌️
I don’t use anything but the mimic spirit. I set up the tanking talisman and whatever weapon I want him to use then I call him. Switch my talisman and weapons to what I wanna use and we go to battle. He tanks and I spank
Jellyfish almost NEVER gets to apply its poison before it dies for me, I dropped it quickly.
Soljars all the way
Swany, Blackflame Amon is a pretty great spirit summon, aswell as the Depraved Perfumer, he is kinda juiced for some reason
as someone with a melee build i like jellyfish a lot mostly for support, while im up close with the boss and jellyfish is in the corner just chipping them and staggering (:
THE LOATHSOME DUNG EATER  feels like he still retains his invader AI which makes him hyper aggressive.
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates—🎈
Mans did the Jelly dirty... the only summon in D tier especially when you consider: It is literally the second summon most players encounter so comparing it to endgame ones is unfair It's fairly tanky so whenever you are in trouble you can safely heal up and reapply boosts without it dying The Jelly is an actual retired sniper elite with god tier accuracy and range The cost of summoning it is cheap so for low fp builds It's always available The only situations were it struggles are when it hasn't enough time to work its magic/enemy cant get poisoned or it has to 1v1 a boss which it cant do since It's a support summon.
nepheli  is not included :D
Jelly fish is a tank meant to take hits for range combat such as anchor and casters. It isn't meant to be a strong attacker.
I'm an Oleg simp. I play an Int/Dex build and this dude is just a blast to watch. Big hunk, big swords, good damage, good HP and poise and he can just zip around the field with the storm combo moves. He's also very aggressive which is something I like. I tried using some of the higher tier Ashes like Lhutel but they're...too tanky(?). They just stand around waiting for the boss to strike while they hide behind a shield just enough for me to take aggro and get destroyed.
jelly fish is a tank tho he aint dooing damage but i dont use it either way
Lone Wolf will straight up stun lock Rennala its so funny but after that they are useless. Although i love running round with doggos while i have Blaidds armor on
Imagine being a loser who uses summons xDD
Very good list for 1v1 vs a boss, to put the summons into prespective. I don't agree with the list 100% but overall pretty good. Some things to consider is for one not all bosses can be status effected. Bleed is a rare one that effects everything, but with Finlay or the Rotten Stray for instance not everything can be scarlet rotted. Something else to consider is what build the person using the ashes would be. Like someone pointed out, the greatshield boiz are basically S tier for a ranged char, where as for a melee char they would be like B at best. I tried them with my main 150 Sepukku duel kibinaga bleed build and they were probably worse than the wolves tbh. But realistically on a bleed build you should really only use mimic tears nothing else compares or even comes close. Currently doing a Faith build where I basically am Finlay with some dragon skills lol I was thinking of going to the Haligtree specifically just to get Finlay but now I'm thinking Lattena would be better or even the redmane boi. I used to think Oleg was the best beefcake around but that Redmane boi looks like he spanks out a lot more dps than Oleg. Also as far as the Crystalarian goes it's only good vs slash/pierce and magic damage. Anything that does poise or "strike" damage completely shits on it. Once the poise is broken it's basically over for them.
Too lazy to watch the whole video and there was no conclusion part lmfao. Can someone tell me all the S Tier summons. Thanks
i just pull out two colossal swords and go on a killing spree lol
No Paj??? hes hp is buged, and hi stuns bosses with explosion bolts... very helpful
You can call back your Spirit, avoiding him to kill the Boss next time. You just need to use de Summom again? 👍
to get azula beastman in the start of game just go to the first version of the game and go to the place where u find Cinquedea dagger
A lot of these spirits help with an aggressive play style.  For example the Rot Dog helps a lot if you're also aggressive and in the bosses face. It can't 1v1 a boss though.
Idk why I watch so many elden ring videos, I don’t even own the game lol
Mimic tear if you have alot of HP and Tiche if you have alot of FP.
You're not using the jelly fish right, your testing doesn't work for it, the point of it is to encourage aggro not do damage, it will completely take aggro from some bosses for almost the entire fight, because it has a big health pool. Its nothing insane or anything, but its better then first expected
It's a bit sad that we cant let the spirit ashes fight against eachother like pokemon in pvp
TBH you had me until you put my BOIIIIIIISSSSS at B tier the great shield solders should not have to deal massive damage to be rated higher. There purpose is to tank so you can. They deserve a A
This is a great video.  It displays all these ashes in action even though I kinda disagree with how the tests are performed.  You’re not wrong at all about the lower tier ashes being fragile or not dealing enough damage, but this testing environment favors the hardiest and brutalist among the summons.  The lower tier ones function better as extensions of your toolkit.  The wolves work great on foes that stagger easily as there’s three of them and they’re relentless, but work together best with a player who is just as relentless, gaining more aggro to keep you both alive and pummeling the boss so they can’t fight back.  Similarly Dolores and Miss Jellyfish work best when YOU focus on drawing most of the aggro, as they’ll take some away while shooting at the boss to give you a chance to breathe but you have to take it back to make sure they don’t get overwhelmed (and obvi best used on foes you know are more vulnerable to sleep/poison respectively).  Of course the hardy more expensive ones are more versatile in just being a staunch ally to fight alongside you, but the cheaper spirits function well if you’re using them as tools for their intended purpose.  Not detracting, great video, super informative.
AYO?! NO RATS?!
People are just chasing the meme with the jellyfish . He is c tier at best
Got the dung eater today and wow is he amazing
Lhutel the Headless is the best one ever
Are any of the  S or A tier easy to get early to mid game?
About Redmane Knight Ogha: I found it strange when you said that his accuracy wasn't that good but I personally saw how his arrows literally seek flying enemies like dragons or bats and he also has special ability when you use battle shout
Font wanna be party pooper, amazing video but... where is Nepheli?
Honestly when I'm just messing around I love using the Giant Rats spirit. Costs nothing and they take aggro fairly well so I'm able to get in and do work on whatever I'm fighting.
mimic tear is mid, not as good as it was and the AI is just so hesitant
The test is unfair for the jally fish, you shuld distract the boss as the jelli does poison im al Evel 65 and is still quite use full eaven in sones im vería underleveled
What’s the armor you used? It looks cool
Lhutel is an S for me
I’m not being biased the only reason why I beat godrick and margit is because jellyfish  it would either agro them or interrupt their attacks
Black Knife Tiche helped me kill the end boss pretty easily definitely recommend for the end game boss
The skeletal militiamen seemed worse to me than the individual skeleton summon you get from the second mariner boss. I used him to take on Rennala and he was very useful. All I had to do was dodge while he was down and he would revive and take the heat off me.  Like the militiamen, he's not amazing late-game and he can be knocked out for good, but on the less aggressive bosses without too many aoes, he can outperform several other spirits simply be being a good distraction.  I'm glad you didn't shit on the Mimic Tear because of the patch that weakened it like every other moron who makes videos does. Mimic Tear is, by far, the best spirit in the game due to its utility. It can pair up with any build you make effectively. If you're a bleed build, so is your mimic. If you're a stagger whore, so is your mimic.  Some like Black Knife Tiche can be more useful on the annoying bosses like Malenia, and certainly are more impressive on their own due to their dodging, but when used in unison, the Mimic Tear can be just as good. However it really depends on your build. If your build sucks, your mimic is going to suck, too. Stacking vigor is essential if you want your mimic to be tanky.
You’re using the jellyfish wrong if you’re expecting damage. Jellyfish is really good at pulling aggro and building a status effect. It’s also pretty tanky when upgraded and floats above a lot of damaging abilities. As a str user, and someone who doesn’t want to break the game with OP summons like mimic, jellyfish is my go-to buddy.
My girl Tiche! I'm glad to see she's S tier for you as well.  There's another Hawk summon that I found. You have to take one of the teleporters from the Bellfries to the area you start the game at (where that grafted guy messes you up on the first run). If you go back to the main room that you spawn in, go outside and hang left, there's another door that's now open. It takes you to the upper balcony of that building. You can find the Storm Hawk "Neenh" summon up there and some loot (I think that's how it was spelled anyway). Oh, and a legendary Hawk remembrance that you can give to Nepheli Loux. I haven't quite figured out what that does yet though.
Only complaint is people still thinking the jelly does poison. It's blood loss.
80% of your ratings are wrong and it's making me depressed 😔
All you need is mimic tear
For future reference you can back up your save file and then if you kill a boss you can load the save file
mimic bleed build 😩
You didn't put the jars
Ever try the Kindred of Rot summon from Caelid Catacombs? It has that homing spine barrage of death and that weaving halberd moveset the other ones have.
My mimic tear never heals himself
Do you know the poison thin in lake of linnet or whatever, there's ashes for that, im not sure how good they are tho(ill let you know)
Black Knife Be Saving Me like crazy
Greatshield made Malania a cake walk.
One word: “Black knife Tiche”… I believe her name should be pronounced “Tyche”, like in Greek, Τύχη (the “X”, “chi” is pronounced as a hissing H, like the word “chiasm”). I believe this since it means “fortune”/“destiny”….  So you know, destined death.
Land squirt summon rank when?
idk why people seem to think the Jellyfish is a good spirit summon. It *can* be useful early on, but so can literally any other spirit.
Just realized the reason Latenna doesn't move is because Albinaurics have fading, ghostly legs and eventually can't move around on their own and die :(
I assumed the point of spirits were to pair with you, not DO the boss for you
Jellyfish is the only summon not scrub tier because it can tank decently and aggro from far away and let you actually do the real work. Everything else is scrub tier because it turns you into a scrub.
I feel like the base approach is just off. Most puppets are not designed to solo every boss. But they excel in tandem with the Tarnished player. Especially finlay with her buff beeing one of the strongest you can have. And she keeps it up. Also the scarlet rot and ranged holy attacks are a great support to keep stuff off your back.
Nooooo...jellyfish is good, but just dont compare it to tiche or dung eater man. From fp needed and performance, jellyfish is the best. And btw the job to fight  the enemies is your job not the summon spirit job, their job is to assist you to do that by distracting enemies, give you buff or enemy debuff and ailments, do dmg or help you fill the ailments meter or stun meter faster, etc, etc depending the summon spirit type. Yes jellyfish is early to mid game summon, late game you will use more powerful summon i get it but it doest mean jellyfish is bad, just remember the good old days when jellyfish distract fallingstar beast or dragon so you can land few hits on them and eventually manage to beat them. Jellyfish is tank type with range atk, so when the enemy is distracted and change the target to her you have more time to recover because the enemy need to reach her first, and when facing 2 bosses she can tank 1 bosses long enough when you deal with the others. Jellyfish is definetely A rank summon spirit  (before you obtain or can summon godlike summon like tiche, mimic or dung eater).
You can just recast the summon to cancel them instead of trying to kill yourself.
Maneiro o video Estamos juntos
Just went the whole game without utilizing summons at all. Until I met Melania… even with Tiche this is one of the hardest fights I’ve ever encountered.
No rats?
The truff.  Jelly no bueno
Opinion is like an Asshole ! Everyone got one ☝️ just use whatever ash u like 👍
In my first play i used Luthel all the way in the game and i love her! Also used Nightmaiden & Swordstress Puppets and they are really cool, but can get rekt easily by big aoe attacks EDIT: I just want to say i kinda missed a order in the ranks, would add a lot of depth to your tier list. Example: Which S tier are the best for you
You didn't rate the Radahn Soldier ashes?
How in the actual fuck did you get them all too +9
The greatshield guys are so nice, I don't have any spirits over +6 and I only have them at +3 and they do at least as good as my +4 Oleg, Engvall, and headless spear chick whose name escapes me. Especially since 2-3 will engage with their shields and the rest will hang back and lob ghostflame bombs. It's likely this is a result of having just reached Leyndell but so far those greatshield guys are at least A tier. When I can't beat a boss with a spirit that I want to use I bust out the greatshields and so far that has got me a win every time 🤷‍♂️
Why tf would people use anything other than the mimic tear 😂😂
The greatshields guys are the best. Change my mind
Pumpkin head A tier
Pretty good tier list and I absolutly agree with it mostly, but 2 or 3 things bothered me a bit. I think you give ogha to much credit. Her bowskills are amazing, but once attacked in melee she often never uses it again. Her melee skils are worse than Oleg, Luthels and kristoffs because she is way to aggressive and doesn't use her shield properly and always uses her sword twohanded, which leads to a pretty fast poise breaking. So her AI seems kinda buggy. As stated by a lot of other comments, the greatshield soldiers are defently A tier, maybe even S. They beat the total crap out of Elmer the Briar, while my Radahn Soldiers just got yeeted through the room by his melee swings^^ The Vulgar Militia is my damage per FP winner. 3 guys, with decent speed, polearms and jumping attacks to cover distance, while applying bleed is pretty damn strong
I think the rotten stray is underrated. So far I killed all my bosses thanks to this spirit. I just try to get the boss attention until they got scarlet rot and then I just try to survive without bothering to hit them… It’s a great spirit.
The Rotten Stray really needs help from you to distract bosses long enough to apply the rot. I agree it's not great for late game, but I would've struggled a lot more against Morgott without it.  As for Rollo, S tier easily in my books. As a bleed build, everything just died when we were both smacking on them together. Was my main summon right up until I got Tiche.
Hey there's a summon called skeletal bandit ash. Don't know how good it is but thought you might like to review it
Can you do a hottest spirit summons tier list.
U forgot some like the Godrick Soldiers, do some research before producing videos
I agree with this. I loved the jellyfish at the beginning, and the poison would also eat away at the boss, but it’s so weak after godrick
I have found the demi human really good
What do you think the easiest S tier to get is?
Needs a M tier for Malenia
HOW COULD YOU INSULT OUR LORD AND SAVIOR JELLY!
Jelly gang simps cope! :p
Bro I ain't seeing the Noble Sorcerer up in S tier. This list sucks.
The mimic tear proved what ever DS player has thought for years, the best summon is just a clone of themselves
Godrick soldier upgraded are awesome, and Mad Pumpkin head Ashe is also A tier!
For me it depends on what you want from spirit ashes, for me I like to beat bosses all on my own unless Im having a hard time and then I just need support and not an ash that will just play the game for me, which is why I like the jellyfish
Imagine if they gave us the bleed dog as a spirit.
Thank you for the video! You have a very interesting channel! And I am 20 years old, unfortunately I am disabled, I live with my parents. I never had friends in real life, like in relationships, I spent my whole life on the Internet. I also created a channel that can draw attention to this, though little has been done so far (((I am writing this comment only to wish you good health and mood. Rejoice and chat with a friend. And if you suddenly feel bad at heart , remember this comment. Just go ahead! I'm waiting for this. Good luck !!
Problem with this tier list is that its only a 1v1 tier list obviously alot will not show what there are capable off tanking or truly dealing dmg when not staggerd all the time
The strength of the wolves lie when combined with the player. They build up a ridiculous amount of stagger which easily triples the rate at which you get staggers in, and them coming in 3 and having high mobility means they prevent falloff. Their skittish nature also means bosses AI get confused
Dont think you understood the use of the jellyfish
The Cursed Blood pot could help with the mausoleum soldiers aggro issue
Tiche is absolutely busted for Elden beast, she melted NG+3 elden beast like he was nothing
Where are the soljars? They are the best summon by far
some of my favorites: Cleanrot - Slow and steady boss kill with rot. Holy attacks are also a + against undead.  Tiche - Awesome for fast killing bosses. Possibly the highest dps output out of all the ashes. That dot is chef's kiss.  Dungeater - Insane debuffs. Therolina - Heals for days. Her aoe heal can insta stagger some enemies. (that fast/annoying multiarm grafted enemy for example) Skeletons - Great for slow bosses (like those cat stone bosses) they will never die. Headless - Great tank. Will zip through a lot of enemy attacks. Latenna - Great DPS uptime against mobile bosses, especially big mobile bosses like dragons.  Doggos - My personal favorite against Crystalians. Especially great during 2v1 and 3v1 boss encounters. Stagger one and move on to the next. They will permastagger them to death lol Shieldbros - Awesome for phys/mag ranged builds. Sit back and pew pew while they hodor the enemy.
Thanks was really looking for good ashes to help me and was disappointed in how much effort I had to put into the dung eater ashes so I didn't do it but now I must lol
Demi human ashes ?
I only used jellyfish for my first run and only switched her out at the end for mimic because I was struggling on elden beast but the jellyfish is the best for taking agro because of her insane health and the poison effect is nice
No one ever has my boy pumpkin head. I just like him
Man one that does well for me is the fanged imp ashes they are ruthless
bro put ancestral follower as A tier 🤣
My girl Lhutel the Headless  is a top 3 summon to me as a glass cannon mage. And she ain't #3
No way he have the follow at A.    I don’t understand the ratings for this list. You got some on A and some on S and some on B. Like is the tier list on damage output of overall effectiveness of the summon?
I've never seen a tier list as bad as this
thanks for the great video.  I am doing my first playthrough blind in terms of where to go and how to find stuff.  Are any of these ashes able to be missed completely if you progress the game to a certain point?
Vulgar militia? 😢 I love seeing my elf’s fight
So when you use your ashes you just have them fight the boss by themselves normally ? No ok then why test it this way, results would not match up to how you “really play”
Her name is Aurelia >:(
His black knight he put in S was level 10 from what was showed in the video 🧐
the mythical bang dung eater quest line
Even after the nerf my Mimic solo'd Maliketh.
Jelly will always be S tier in my heart for being my Margit the fell punching bag on my level 3 wretch on my first playthrough.
Delores got nerfed around the last patch in early march which is why shes not as good as you were told.
I personally think Skeletal bandit is better then the melissa but I am in early game still
Low key, the godrick soldiers are a pretty good tanky summon I’d recommend, they do decent dmg too
*Let's take the moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into his content for us* 🙂🙂❣⬇️👍
I think putting jelly in D tier for being a damaging summon is justified. HOWEVER jelly excels at pulling/holding aggro. As a strength/faith  i wouldnt been able to get off the combos needed without the jellly having an obsurd health pool. I personally would put it in A tier since while it can get very tanky, it mainly suffers against bosses that do burst damage (frost, bleed etc) but JELLY GANG FTW
The Dung  dude is so S tier. I agree with your assessments, thank you!
Lhutel is S tier imo. She’s got pretty solid damage yet so much survivability, she can solo a ton of bosses in the game with ease. It just takes her some time.
Latenna is my go to
if you don't have 700hp by the time you get mimic tear you are either playing a no hit run. Or you're very, very very confident
Nephelli puppet is missing
I made the mistake of +10'ing my mimic, and now I'm contemplating never using it again because I'm just melting bosses. Even after the nerf, the thing is ridiculous.
I love my wolves and I appreciate how they have carried me at times. I’ll always have in in my roster
John 3:16
This dude has no idea what he's talking about lol
What's the best summon to use against RADAGON/Elden Beast?
Jellyfish gives the super glug glug 9000
You missed a few, specifically the fire monk and the perfumers
the jellyfish is amazing against margret
Lots of errors here.   The Lone Rot dog is amazing at least  Tier A,   iv killed so many bosses using the Dog's Rot ability  Iv lost count.
I think the thing with the lone wolves is that there's three of them, so they are great up into the mid-game against bosses, but moreso against non-bosses where you need them to attack multiple enemies. They did great for me in Leyndell - Royal Capital to give me some breathing room, which is all that I needed them to do. So it's more a tool in the tool belt kind of thing. If I need to go heavy, I use the Mimic Tear.
Mimic tear dies faster but still will put a ton of damage out
Hughes, the H is silent!? No, the G is silent and it’s pronounced like hues
Black Knife Tiche for me is absolutely the best summon since mimic tear got nerfed, I was fighting Malenia (with a melee only build) and Tiche absolutely carried that fight with the health drain, almost completely offset the healing Malenia can do and could probably solo the first phase if the attacks were lucky, absolutely worth the high FP cost. She's also pretty tanky, at +10 she could survive a couple of **that** really difficult to dodge Malenia attack
Ancestral Spirit has carried me through so many boss fights.
Never knew why people praised jellyfish, wasn't really that good to begin with
You didnt have Banished Knight Oleg in the list? Granted he isn't as tanky as some other summons like crystalians, but with dual greatswords he staggers bosses a lot in fights, good for fights that you need an aggressive partner to fight like Dual Gargoyles or Dragon Soldier.  He is also good at dealing with mobs due to lots of aoe attacks. I would put him at a solid B if not low A tier. He wont kill bosses on his own like Tiche, but he can tank and stagger a lot and is good when paired with an aggressive player. I used Oleg a lot in my STR/FTH build, at least until I got Mimic Tear upgraded to the point that my build outpaced most other summons.   Also, Jellyfish and Wolves should be ranked 1 tier higher, what wolves lack in HP they make up for in distracting bosses and getting aggro. Good for if you need time to cast spells/incantations or use potions. Yes they fall off late game, but I would say they are really good up until you get to Volcano manor and later. Jellyfish isnt supposed to solo bosses, its fire support for someone who wants to melee. Really good for medium and large sized bosses, just a constant source of extra damage and occasional aggro. I would say they also fall off late game, but can at least be summoned in places like Volcano Manor or Lake of Rot and wont die to environmental damage.
I just put double seal on mimic put rotten breath and erdtree heal on them faith build, and the dmg would outperform everything on this s tier  Trust me faith build if you want to watch mimic melt boss and only put two invocation so they don't waste time using another spells
The Jellyfish is NOT meant to do damage. It is SOLY used to draw aggro from the player so you can do damage. It has a lot of HP JUST to take attacks.
I wonder how good the depraved perfumer is, they were the bane of my first playthrough
I’m completely fine with Jellyfish’s rating, because tbh I discarded its use early on in my ng run. It’s good for distracting the bosses and letting you get away with a few hits, but it’s not a great summon
Personally, I think the Jellyfish and the ones you listed as early game; like the wolves, are favorites because they don't break the boss encounters. The fact that Tishe, mimics and the like can solo any boss makes them fairly broken. I like to only use certain summons so I get to actually experience the boss fight, and only get to use the lower summons as an opportunity to breathe.
Great video.   The greatshield soldiers are lately showing up in community vids and comments as an S-tier summon for sorcerer builds who want to stand back and deal spell damage.  Now it would be interesting to see 2 future separate vidoes showing the best summons for tank build and best summons for sorcerer.
I think Lhutel should be an S tier. Even in the video she took more than half of the boss HP while being still over half of her own health. Very good combination of offense and defense
Bruh jellyfish lowers damage so its more support then just on there own
This is more of a 1v1 tier list since you're just standing there. Some of these ranking would change in the open world vs multiple enemies or if you fight alongside at the boss
The most op ashe in the game is mimic with starscourge greatsword... For some reason the mimic spam the ability, dealing 1100 damage every time... Sometimes I think it's better than me 😂
Excellent video, thanks!
I like summons with a lot of characters. I like the demi humans and rats vs smaller mini bosses
Guys please give me the best advice and tell me which summon to use against the first godfrey bec im stuck i can't defeat him
You seem to miss the point of Jelly. She is my bestfriend and is S-tier because of it.
My theory is the Jellyfish was only put in for the one side quest
I refuse to use any summons until I've beat every boss solo. In subsequent playthroughs i may actually use this information
Kaiden sellsword ash Why does no one talk about it? I love it get him upgraded and he tanks well and deals a good amount of damage and great at pulling agro
The black knife Tiche pisses me off sometimes cause when it has to attack it dodges but attacks when it's supposed to dodge   Ik it's an AI but still
i think you missed the point of the rotten stray. you need to distract the boss so he can get enough hits in to proc his rotten status. after that the boss will continuously die over time as you run circles and avoid.
No Sol-jars of fortune mention? sad.
"Finlay's not that good" *Looks at what she's fighting* You do realize that godskin... Is broken right?
You know you can ring the bell again to de-summon right? Would help in experiments where the summon is going to kill the boss.
22:22 you can. just summon the dung eater in the black knife tiche evergoal.
my main man Jarwright was left out, how could this be! S tier in memability for sure
I think Kaiden Sellsword is a bit underrated for the early game, if you have it at least +4 he can help you all the way to the midgame. Also the Winged Misbegoten is fun as hell to use.
Having the spirits 1v1 a boss is useless at estimating how useful they might be in a real combat situation. You might as well just rank them based on how long their names are. Comboing together with the player is their whole reason for existing in the first place.  The whole reason jellyfish is good is because it doesn't do a lot of damage, and thus draw too much aggro (that, and floating over AoE and ground attacks), so you can take a breather, flask up, and then pull the boss again. This lets it survive situations where other summons would relentlessly draw all the aggro until dead. Which is, after all, the whole purpose of summons, since none of them do any substantial amount of damage.
You didn't add the pumpkin head. He's really good at tanking damaged and phasing out. He was my best until the mimic
One thing that has been mentioned is it does depend on build and situation. S rank will be different for mage build and different for melee, faith, etc builds. Some are S rank all across the board, keep that in mind with the comments
Jellyfish is s+ smh
I feel like a lot of summons are better for helping clear huge mobs full of dogs and soldiers rather than bosses, but pretty much anything B tier+ is good for everything
Does anybody know why some of the summon ashes are a different color?  are these considered the puppet summons?
What about Nephilia Leoux Puppet? She’s super good, or the Stormhawk Deenah is good too it buffs you and has a decent move set too
Do Yall Think That Terra Magicus Would Work With The Summon Battlemage Hugues ? Might Boost His Magic
Honestly, on a ranged build, the 5 greatshield guy summon is S+ tier. They never die and allow you to just freely cast at whatever.
I would at least argue for the Greatshield Soldier Ashes to be at least A tier.  They are great at absorbing damage and they are cheap.  The primary damage dealer to bosses is the player. They are great for those shy spell casters too afraid to get their hands dirty in melee!  :D
Wolves are great against low stagger resist bosses and enemies.
You know you can de-summon them right?
Mad pumpkin head, Leyndell soldier I used demi human ashes in place of the wolves for awhile
Jellyfish and wolves are best. Idc, they been with me in the beginning, they going to the erdtree.
Where’s the page spirit? Used that often as well as Demi human spirits
There's also a rat pack summon which costs nothing. neither FP nor HP.
The redmane knight has a secret abitlity were if you have a warcry weapon art and use it while ogha is summoned he will release a volley of arrows kinda like radahn.
The jelly fish comments were defs trolls.
I was hoping to see the Rat Spirits. I found those over a week ago and it uses HP to summon and the number of rats summoned increase when leveling them. I don't know how well they are yet as I haven't had too much time to play since I found them.
Interesting analysis. Personally I prefer a summons that does no damage but will survive and act as a distraction rather than something that can fight for me.
What about the perfum ashes of war guy
I tried a faith buff/heal build with mimic tear on my 3rd ng, with a few uplifting perfume equipped. Tear basically smiled through that elden beast holy vomit + nebula explosion combo. Meanwhile dealt decent damage with black flame as only offensive incarnation. Surprisingly, he could use that perfume without costing it.
I agree with like 95% of this list, but Finlay seems a little too low considering her FP cost reflects the fact that she applies to a self-buff to you and her, she can use Rot status effect, she has holy damage with those halos that also build up Bleed, and she has a Bleed scythe. She's kinda squishy but probably deserving of A tier since that buff she gives is damage reduction which helps her
I’ve found that using a throwing knife will Agro the mausoleum soldiers on the targeted enemy. Really helps when they’re being stubborn
I am curious why you maybe put Latenna in 'S' tier and Lhutel the Headless in 'A' tier? He had the Ancient Zamor down to like half health and only had like 25% of his own health missing? He owns lol. Even if you include other scenarios where you as the players are also fighting along side the spirit ash then Lhutel is easily of Latenna's equal, potentially better. If anything as a solo spirit ash (player not assisting, ie. your test) Lhutel and Latenna ought to switch tiers. Latenna was getting owned by the Ancient Zamor she was at roughly 50% health when she had the Ancient Zamor to 50%... Don't get me wrong I think Latenna is a strong spirit ash and certainly has her uses (large boss arenas), but in regards to solo via. your test and even including the player fighting alongside the spirit ash, Lhutel is better or atleast of equal. He has so much versatility its impressive. The only thing he isn't the best at is playing "tank", but Latenna is not good to have as a "tank" either and is why I compare the two. You can also compare Lhutel to Tiche and I think Lhutel is arguably better, but they're certainly more of an equal in comparison to Latenna and Lhutel. Tiche and Latenna are best if the player is playing as "tank" and possibly using the aggro talisman to keep the boss off of them. Lhutel can't be expected to tank, but the player also doesn't need to use the aggro talisman with him as he also has very good defense and can hold his own.  Anyway, to each their own, I guess.  Nice video. I was surprised to see how well some of the other summons did as I haven't really used them all like you've showcased in your video (granted it isn't all, but is certainly a lot). 👍  PS: I've been using Ancient Dragonknight Kristoff lately and like him the most so far (outside of using mimic tear). I've used Lhutel and both Banished Knights extensively. Kristoff is fairly tank and also occasionally knocks the enemy on the ground. The banished knights are also good for stunning/knocking enemies on the ground. I'm out to find a spirit ash they does "striking" based damage for those crystalline and starfallen bosses. Perhaps using mimic tear with a strike weapon equipped is best for this..  PSS: I believe the mimic tear is weak as a low level/beginning of first play through. I am not that far in the game (level 200 and havent started NG+ yet, but beat first play through), but I'd imagine the mimic tear (even with its nerf) slowly climbs the ladder as becoming the best spirit ash as the player becomes higher level.
I understand that the point of this list is to rank the summons based on their ability to fight on their own, however, I think you could to a list where you keep the attention of the boss as much as you can and take in to account the effectiveness of some spirit summons as just purely support summons. The jellyfish massively out performs the wolves as a support when not taking the full brunt of the the bosses attacks in my opinion.
I play strength with the ruins great sword & some beast incantations & the mimic still wrecks
3:25 if something is B for the early game, and D for the end game, shouldnt the final grade be C?
The jellyfish does BLEED 😂😂😂  Jesus. Not only the comments but you also said poison. Anyways continue the video. 😋
Interesting video. I am keen to try out black knife tiche when i get her. However, please keep in mind that many of these ashes aren't there to solo bosses or groups of enemies specifically, but rather to support your playstyle. for example, if you play a squishy mage with like no hp whatsoever, because you dump them all in mind and arcane, the guys with the big shields are absolute life savers. not only can they tank a ton of damage for you, there are more of them to distract multiple enemies, or single enemies longer. meanwhile latenna and the ancestral follower are bonkers when you play a tanky melee. i personally used engvall for a long time during my still lasting first playthrough (doing the capital rn). he doesnt deal too much damage, but he is decently tanky against bosses and multiple trash mobs, his attacks hit aoe, most of them count as heavy attacks for staggering, and he's helped me out a lot so far. as soon as i get a bell bearing for spirit ashes i'll try out some more summons. i really dont want to revisit all the crypts for flowers to upgrade them >.>
What about Stormhawk Deenh?
bruh, crystallian is literally living crystal. Its only weakness is strike damage, not sure about magic resistances.
Great breakdown.
Where was my keepsake?? Fanged imps are awesome and help me so much with all early game to mid game bosses
Fanged imps are God tier, tbh
Lol the issue with the Mausoleum Soldiers actually makes perfect sense due to them having no heads or eyes.
you could keep this type of series going while the game is still pretty new by doing simple r1s or firing lightning spears or pebbles to rank usefulness for the 3 different playstyles. i just feel like some can't really be judged based off what they do as the main damage dealer when they are support at best because based off that logic no summons is better than a full fp bar spam of basic rotten breath dragon incantation
Great video
Black Knife Tiche top tier, carry me from Malenia, Maliketh and final boss and elden beast, I was dodging the whole fight I didn't know tiche is burning the hp bar of boss, top tier summon
i like my 3 wolfies
Bro talking smack about the Mausoleum Soldiers. Ofc they don’t have long aggro range mang, they have no heads to see the enemies.
Damn wanted to see his opinion on the black flame monk
I wish we could see the summons fight each other in like a bracket tourny, very curious on who would come out on top
I wish more people made these lists for more in game stuff
Marionette Soldiers have literally carried me through the entire game. There are a few enemies that trounce them, but the sheer amount of stagger damage they can output and the aggro they draw is far and above any other I’ve seen. Many times a boss will shift aggro between them and basically get stunlocked, allowing you to do literally anything to them. In the double crucible knight fight, they solo’d one of them while I took down the other.
Missing quite a few of the ash summons out
Redmane ogha has a special attack he does when your character does barbaric roars. I recommend reading the item description. I think that is one of the coolest interactions I have ever seen!
What about the fanged imps you can start with? I always try other summons and end up going back to them.
You mean Redmane K***ht Ogha...
I use dung eater works for my close up bleed build
Wolf ash s tier
You’re still missing quite a few ashes. The perfumer ashes in particular. They CAN be rather useful.
Battlemage good against gargoyles that have high resistences to everything but magic.
Jellyfish is good against dragons. They typically ignore it, and the poison damage helps whittle them down. Oleg is currently my top summon though (I don't have any of the S tier). Oleg watches my back like a true bro.
Some of y’all got y’all pride way to high on some of these summons😂 Telling this man the jellyfish was god tier and that things is no better than a paper airplane🤣
Jelly Fish sucks sometimes.  Half the bosses are immune to posion.
You going to rank everything A tier, damn.
I noticed you keep calling some spirits “girl”. Am I going crazy or is black knife and Lhutel NOT female?
Im sad this list forgot the best spirit summon "Jarwright." Always applying status and hitting weaknesses. Very underrated.
The fact you rate every summon based on tanking ability is alittle dumb. It makes you look like a bad player and causes you to underrate some of these.
Thanks man
Bro the jellyfish has a name, her name is Aurelia.  Random jellyfish might be D tier but Aurelia is S+ tier.
There is actually another skeletal Ashes called the skeletal bandit, not sure how good it is as I haven't used it
Where is Lhutel?
Where’s my little homie Jarwright?
Only down side to Tish is it’s hit or miss if she’s going to be aggressive or defensive. For Melliania, Elden Beast, Godskin Duo and Placidisax I found she was either dodging all the time or getting staggered constantly making her kinda useless for those fights.
I'm guessing with Dolores and st. Trinas sword together is a little bit game breaking to the bosses that can go to sleep
You missed a few.  Stormhawk Deenh and Jarwight Puppet and Finger Maiden Therolina.  The perfumers? Tricia and Carmaan?  Come on man!
Agreed. Jellyfish is probably the worst 😂
What if you use the set of dung eater then mimic tear?
Ur kind of mediocre
The 2 6 armed archers, I forget what they are called, are beastly when leveled up. The constantly stagger low poise enemies.  Marionette soldiers… they are awesome
Casually spoiling miquella
Mimic tear is E tier. Very bad and ugly spirit.
Idk nothing really compares to mimic even post nerf, tiche deals more damage faster but if the boss has more than one phase mimic tear is a lot more useful cause of its tankiness, tiche can die pretty early to bosses like radagon elden beast or malenia
Honestly I think the perfumer summon is my top pick, she can throw out that shield aromat which can effect you multiple times if the boss hits you while it's area I'd still in effect. The only downside to her is that she's not good at dealing damage since her sparks can miss.
I still think the mimic ash is greatness. He can tank or be magical, whatever you can throw on him. He's gotten me through many a tough boss fight. I think it all boils down to how your build is with the ashes some will do better for certain builds.
Not very much thought put into the list hum
Where’s the giant rats? The free upgradable summon.
Thank you for the effort. The premise is half good and half bad. It's good to bring to fore spirits that can stand solo against bosses but it's bad to showcasing spirits that are great at support when the MC is the one taking the boss' aggro. It doesn't bring out their abilities and what they can do because the boss obviously staggers them before they can do anything.  TL;DR this ranking methodology is biased for tanky spirits and prejudiced against playing style where the player character is in the mix.
The best thing about lhiutiel is her teleporting because she dodged a load of big boss attacks from thatz
You're not utilizing Jellyfish properly. You're supposed to do most of the aggro while it sprays the enemy from afar. Lead the enemy to the end of the room, you get a combo off, they get sprayed in the back, they turn around to retaliate, and then you hit them in the back and continue as they try to attack you
All spirits work well with magic builds.
At 17:24 the spirit on the very right does a breath-style magic attack that I don't understand.. what is it, what does it actually do? does it debuff or heal or something?  I've just started the game myself, so guides like these are a good help even if they don't detail where to find the spirit ashes, as there are plenty of ways to find that out as needed :)
gr8 video , now i don't use ashes my self but i noticed u missed one maybe i am wrong i think her name is finger maiden something check her out maybe she is good
There are definitely more spirits in the game than you have. Would like to see you do a list of the ones you don't have. I recently got an academy mage ash so maybe try finding the missing ashes and give your thoughts
Jellyfish has a secret side mission with a certain relative btw.
Finlay girl is C tier.
If your struggling with not being able to summon high fp summons you can set your physic potion with the cerulean hidden tear which gives you unlimited fp for 10 seconds allowing you to summon anyone within that 10 seconds even if you don’t have the right level of fp 👍🏼
They should have given the jellyfish summon 2 or 3 jellyfish due to how squishy they are. Preferably 2 jellyfish should've come with that summon
I feel like some of the tests that were done, such as with jelly fish, weren't very accurately done. Some summons are just meant to be tanks and take agro and not necessarily deal dps. Overall great video and I respect the effort!
I think the jelly boi is good if you keep the boss agrod.
My problem with the tiche is that shes only doing good damage when it comes to her special attack
The wolves aren't really worth a shit UNLESS UNLESS you are up against a boss with low poise (Lookin' at you, Renala).  They hit so many times they can stunlock a couple of bosses for you.
Everyone loves jellyfish cause it makes Margit fight a lot easier
Jellyfish is good if you have agro
The shiburi mask + mimic is amazing.  Also if you re-summon the spirit it will send them away so they don't kill the boss
I haven’t finished the video but if jelly isn’t S tier I’m mad
You forgot the demi humans! Guys destroyed Rennala
There is a talisman called shabriri’s woe. It makes the the player become targeted by enemies instead of summons. Mimic tear copy’s everything including talismans, so if you use shabriri’s woe and mimic tear then take it off only the mimic will be targeted
I hate the mimic tear now it just dies in like 3 hits and fights like a complete moron.
I'm surprised jarwight didn't make the list. He's probably not S tier or anything, doesn't have a huge health pool or dps, but having someone rain status affects from the background is really helpful on some bosses.
Next time use mohgs rune to make the summons stronger. The nightmaidens are beastly with mohgs rune active.
Vulgar militia is a very good summon that can get you quite far
My boy Oleg absolutely carrying my squishy mage ass through this game 😂
The imps are better for bleed than bloodhound they might be tanker than him as well since there are two of them.
Having them do 1v1 against the bosses completely dismisses the utility the spirits provide.
10:18 that’s because you tried Astel genius, dude is called stars of darkness and you want to darken his head
Snowman ashes are S++ tier cant change my mind
These are all good for noobs and low level players but tbh when you hit 500 or higher nothing beats the mimic tear, although most of you will never get that high, at Max level that thing is God, mine was killing late game bosses in a few hits on ng+10 keep in mind that's only at Max level, but if you're below 400-500 these other summons are ok
Does the Cursed-Blood Pot work with the Mausoleum soldiers? I mean the pot is basically a spirit summon remote.
Me still using Raya Lucaria soldiers on the giants mountain 😅
I kind of feel like the Night Maidens could hang with those in S. Especially that last + at 10, as it gives them a nice boost between both units. I think it's worth trying the other puppets too. The Finger Maiden is more of a support type Ash of War, so she may not do the best in this type of test, but she can heal herself over and over as well as the player. It's pretty valuable in Boss Fights in smaller arenas. I hear a lot of good things about the Jar Man being tanky. I also think Nepheli is a strong all around Ash of War.
Jellyfish is just a good distraction while having good levels of health. It’s not meant to 1v1 bosses lmfao
summons are not only here to kill the boss for you or take " a good chunk " of their health on their own. sure you can use them for that purpose but it doesn't make the others low tiers in my opinion. some of them are  there to tank, some to agro the boss so you can  tank yourself, some to apply poison or rot or whatever. anyway I guess theirs a lot of options
wheres pumpkin head?
I love the mimic tear even after the nerf its nerf its damage which is fine even though it supposed to be a copy of you but it kept its agro and aggression which is nice. Black knife is okay but not good for every boss. The 5 shield guys are good also. I might level up the the first one you showed cuase the bow range
What armor is he wearing?
Where are godricks soldiers on list
Lhutel the headless and mimic tear are the best.
Jelly didn’t get a fair fight
One of the things I really love about Elden Ring is that almost everything can be viable depending on your build. And that can be especially true for spirit ashes: magic based spirits might be low tier if you are also a magic build and same if you're a tank with a tank spirit, but if you get spirits that are a different class as yours those can be the defining factor of whether you win or lose. Love trying them all out whenever I change my builds!
You can use the bell again to send summons home
Tiche can genuinely solo malenia something no other ash can do, if she lives to phase 2 and survives the initial aoe she can stunlock malenia to death and barring a bad roll on the ai decisions will dodge most attacks while out damaging the healing from any that go though so I would even call her better then mimic pre-nerf, the DoT and base damage on the black knife projectile is actually like having a mini malekith for how hard it hits.  As for why people rate the jellyfish highly? I would say the first 1/4 of the game it's just a highly tanky summon that doesn't move around much letting you smack away at the boss booty.
I really love the Kindred of Rot Ashes, have you checked it?
Great video, you should make a video on where to find the S and A tier Summons!
There's also a necromancer sorcerer spirit that you can get iirc. I don't know if he's good tho I haven't tested him
Hope DLC adds more, such as large summons like the Ursa Bears or them evil blood crows from Caelid.
Im level 350 with 50-60 in all stats but arcane is anything better than mimic for me?
I highly recommend Black Knife Tiche against Melania
I beat Malenia with my Man-serpent Ashes. Little bastard tanks and absolutely bullies her with it's whip and lava attacks when working in tandem with you. More of a distraction + poise breaker than the DPS sort, but very nice against humanoid enemies. Stuck it out until the end for me.
I wonder if you could improve the ability for the Mimic tear to pull boss agro if you put that shabriri talisman on it?
Summons are for scrubs only added for accessibility to reach a wider audience. Git gud
The real goats gotta be elden villagers or whatever there name is them boys always helping me
I like the raya lucaria ashes
You can unsummon the spirits by casting the summon again.
No love for the Giant Rats? Free to summon and free to upgrade, they are a great distraction, don't expect them to solo any boss..., but it's FREE!
You miss the 3 spirits ash
No soldjars? Shit video.
Don't know if you knew but i'll post anyway cause it was new to me: 2 ashes i havent seen is the fire monk from giants mountain cattacoms and the ash from chest after boss in secret passage to  hailgtree. Just ran 2nd playthrough and happend to find tgem
Ancestral follower is really good and he heals himself with kills.
Im curious to how well the jar soilders are there another hp costing summon
One thing about the great shield soldiers is that at one point they can surround a boss or an enemy and they just stagger and just keep hitting and it’s like the funniest thing because this is happened to me almost every time Iv  summoning them. They do well up almost till like mid late game almost the time
I'm pretty sure there's another one like skeletons that reanimate but does way more damage the mariners soldiers the skeletons the death root boat dude has I got them near wayward catacombs by volcano manner I belive
Jellyfish is not bad YOU'RE BAD
Even if the Jellyfish isn’t at the top of this tier list, it still has a place at the top of my heart.
What about the rats that don’t cost to 😏
jelly fish is useless. I saw lot of comments that it's good but never worked for me
Where are the 5 semi-humans? I love em, I’m in mid game and they’re so much fun to play with, obviously not a S rank but cool enough to deserve to be in this video
There are still summons missing, for example the stormhawk deenh. You get it from the chapel of anticipation, the tutorial area, which you access again from the 4 belfries. He gives you an attack buff for a really long time, which stays active even when he dies. On top of that he is pretty hard to hit for smaller bosses and does decent dmg, he is at least a tier i would say, if not s for the attack he gives to you.
I think The Guardian shield ash should have been A tier.
Marionette Soldiers annoyed me so much that I leveled them straight up the moment I got them and they're great they helped me a lot through mid game the amount of arrows they dish out sometimes insta locks  humanoid bosses in a stagered animation
i use dung eater! amd he eats bosses alive. great support for my 3rd mage character
The Redahn soldiers are my main boys. Better than any other similar summon I've tested so far
What armor is this at 11:51 ?
How dare you bullying the jellyfish like that?
You missed quite a few summons, was that intentional? Almost all faction soldiers you missed, you missed the Strom hawk king, you missed I think a nephlia loux puppet.  Fire monk. The perfumer at volcanoe manor.  A bandit skeleton, the demi human mob,  THE WANDERING NOBLE EVEN.  Like homie I was hoping for a conclusive list.
You’re using the jellyfish the wrong way. The jellyfish is a support summon. You take agro as the jellyfish poisons the boss, and it’s tanky enough to survive hits or to survive taking agro for a bit. 1v1 the jellyfish will always lose but as a support it’s actually so good. D tier is def the wrong tier
What about the dragon knight Kristoff? How would you rank him?
Why no love for the kindred of rot
I played most of the game with the jellyfish it’s probably my favorite summon it is  easily S tier it is great at distracting a boss just long enough
bro the spirits aren't supposed to fight on thier own lol
Knight Ogha does the jumping attack from Artorias
It would help a lot of this had a screen that had names on the the final list of tiers, esp if you don't have some of them already. Instead of going through each section again to hunt which is which. Overall awesome video though.
They trolled with jellyfish
Worth noting some may be better on their own, but they should be chosen based on your build. Take the war eagle or whatever it’s called, the bird that wasn’t in this vid. Gives you a damage buff and annoys the boss. Great for a melee build if you don’t want to use your ash of war slot for a buff or you want to double buff
Stormhawk Deenh should be here instead of the Warhawk, it's just a better version of it that also buffs your attack. Also, the demi human ashes definitely deserve a spot on the list (especially if you summon them at night).
The skeletal bandit is the best all you need to do is take agro once in a while and he has infinite health
Bruh these lists are always so wack. Everyone has a different tier. I've seen ogha get rated as top tier, slot 1. And i've seen him rated as one of the worst.
As far as i can tell the nerf to mimic is how smart it is, its hp and it no longer uses heals
My only problem with tiche is she might use her burning blade once every 4 minutes or 6 times in 30 seconds. Which is where 99% of her damage comes from. Very unreliable in boss fights, especially if you're running a poise break build as she absolutely won't use it during a poise break.
great clip/list. there is a second named hawk i regularly use > 'Stormhawk Deenh' which buffs your weapon damage at summon and form time to time... its my small FP cost summon (47FP) next to the headless. like the warhawk but with a buff instead of the blades.
Haven't watched previous video I'm suprised you put Rollo but not the miniture militia I swear these pint sized pioneers have out dps'd me on my arcane build with the sheer amount of bleed plus their short so there's a lot of 5ft hit box porn
I agree about the jelly fish, never saw the hype.  All it’s ever done for me is draw boss attention but any summon can do that
Worst fucking elden ring video on youtube
- No Stormhawk Deenh - No Nepheli Loux (Understandable cause you got the dung eater) - No Finger Maiden Therolina (But I'd say she's D Tier... maybe C) - No Perfumer Tricia (Probably not great at endgame)
I don't know if there are other comments regarding this, but try Nepheli Loux Puppet. Fully upgraded, in some situations, I liked her better then the Tiche. 😊
Jellyfish is my ride or die. Shipped with her until I got Mimic.
When you do tier lists you're meant to put them in order in the rows as well columns. So the best one in S tier would start at the left and then go down as it goes to the right.  Maybe you did the video in order but it just seems you bunched them all into the same tier with no order.
oh god that albinauric archer, gives me ptsd from ordina(?) (idr how to spell it) nice vid tho
You wish you were as cool as the Jellyfish. You Jelly WISH!
jellyfish is a really good starting summon. relative to what you can get at the time, jellyfish is at least not a d for sure.
I’m still early game but I love using the Warhawk against dragons. It actually survives  and keeps aggro. I don’t think I got hit once during my last fight because the dragon was so pissed off with this summon he didn’t even know I was there
latenna helped me a lot with the dragon fights. i hate running up to where they move. and as a melee it sucks. latenna always hit them anywhere they go.
Dude, you need to try the lizardmen with fire whip summon. Its an absolut beast!!!
One of my favorite for low mind melee builds is the stormhawk deenb, the one you get together with the one for nepheli. Low fp cost, casts warcry as soon as you summon him, and his agility during the fight makes him hard to kill.
I think Marionette soldiers and wolves are pretty good if you want some help clearing out enemy camps. the amount of suppression the marionettes deal is amazing, but for some reason their AI seems weird. I often summoned them and they didn't try to stay close to me at all and did some really weird strafing movements that often led them away from the fight.
For the Skeleton summons you can actually save them after dying if the boss is still targeting them. While reviving if you heal them their health is essentially boosted, meaning they won’t die from one hit which means they can infact live forever even if the boss is attempting to kill them after they die. I love this summon a lot and the only boss they struggled with was the final one because of the constant damage or because I was never close enough to heal them.
I might have to yoink the dung eater
pumpkin head is a tank curious where youd rank him
Blackflame Monk Amon is one of my favorite, great damage and pretty tanky as well
Only will smith ash spirit can one slap bosses
Where's the pumpkin head guy that smashes his head into te ground
I think tiche is as hard to get as beating Melania. The fight it so difficult it kind of defeats the purpose.
I don't know if you tried the demi-human's the little troll things but you can get five of them they are good early game good game I like to see how they do it late
"Im putting these spirit summons against even bosses" *puts dung eater against Malenia*
hey. what about Trisha?
Try dung eater the guy is so aggressive and the shriek of Milo's that he does debuffs the boss so you do even more damage and it lowers status effect resistance so it's easier to proc bleed,sleep, frost etc. To top it off he has a ranged attack and his weapon bleeds, by far I think he's probably the best overall summon for every build style because he'll always be useful someway whether you're a mage, melee, faith or Arcane build.
I love how he was breaking the fight by getting in the middle NO! STOP IT DUNG EATER
You can also get Nepheli Loux as a spirit Summon
The jellyfish is a joke bro lmao you took it serious, nobody is actually saying its an op strong summon
Jellyfish is GOAT
I'm using demi human ash and godrick soliders. Jellyfish still sees a lot of action due to poison. Lone wolves are too squishy and expensive af for only three wolves that die fast.
12:45 Your statement conflicts with evidence. From what I can see here, Lhutel is destroying this boss.
Where my boy the fire monk at?
"this spirit is okay" - A tier. "this spirit is great, can solo bosses, really tanky" - A tier.
I'm a big fan of the greatshield gang for glass cannon mages, great aggro and tankiness makes them really good for distracting a boss while charging up massive spells, definitely my preferred tank when my character isn't bulky enough for Mimic to work properly.
So do mimics hold talisman too? Like sharibri wow, would it hold it and keep aggro the entire fight?
Only reason mimic is good is the hp cost. Sincd melee dudes wont have 120 ma a
You click baited us by putting mimic tier in A tier in the thumbnail despite it being widely know as the best summon in the game and you putting it in S tier in the video.   :(
Spirits are so broken using them on bosses takes the fun out of the game
Mimic with the triple bow, and Scarlet Rot  Arrows, is where it's at
It actually irks me how biased he is with the knights because in all of the tests engval will outperform ogal like better gap closer better convo more heavy damage so more stagger more health and better aoe attacks he is one of the tangiest in the game so he should be bumped up to s but since he found the other one first he’s going to deny it the rank it deserves
Shabriri's Woe talisman is essential when you don't want to use the ashes as the tank but as the dps it seems.
Mimic ashes ftw!!!  That is my most used one, i have a mage build and to have two mages pelt the boss is just *chefs kiss*
Where´ s the summon that only heals you and doesn´ t attack?
This might be the worst tier list NA lol
The Jellyfish isn't meant to 1v1 it's similar to the archers it's meant to sit back and poison from a distance while you hold agro. The poison shot staggers really well on top of the poison inficted.   I call mistrial this was basically testing a fish on its ability to climb a tree.
who wants to have a radagon wolf ashes added in a future DLC?
Lhuthel the Headless was the only spirit summon to solo the draconic tree spirit. Or was it the closest to killing it i can’t remember
Oleg supremacy
I would suggest you undervalued Crystalian. She is S Tier. It’s just strike damage, not all physical damage, that “breaks” her. She is the tankiest summon in the game. Trade of is her short range. I used her on most bosses once I got her, and she was perfect. I preferred her over mimic even before the patch. Now, my other observation is that you just put the summons there and evaluated them as though we aren’t also there. Their effectiveness changes drastically depending on what we as players do. If you are Faith and use Urdtree Heal you can keep most summons up indefinitely. If you summon mimic with a finger seal and only the Erdtree heal they can keep themselves up practically forever.
Tiche is best. There I saved you 25 minutes. To be good the summon needs to have good damage, able to keep aggro and have high survivability. I don't agree with 80% of these because almost every single summon is terrible late game. You should demonstrate each summon on the draconic tree sentinel. Not these piddly dungeon bosses.
Mimic and Tiche are the only true S tiers. Mimic has endless possibilities and Tiche is just beastly with her agility and Red Flame ability.  Edit : Dung Eater is also S tier
still no love for giant rats :(
Early to mid game my favorite is the Godrick Soldiers.  At only +3 or 4, they've carried on through full boss battles, allowing me to unlock the more legendary summons to replace them.  IMHO these guys are the best early all rounders, especially since you can get them at the same time as the Wolves and Jellyfish.  As a new character, going against Margit/Godrick, if I had to choose between the Wolves, Jellyfish or them... Its the Godrick Soldiers every time.  Both have hammers and brass shields, with one also having a crossbow.  If the boss is close to them, they go at them with good damage and tank hits with their brass shields/decent health pools.  If the boss agros on to you, the hammer one will pursue aggressively, while the crossbow will begin peppering it with bolts.  I rarely have to circle and dodge for more than a few seconds before they grab agro back.
Marionette Soldiers are an easy A tier at LEAST.  They pull aggro incredibly easily because of how often they attack. This is perfect for every build, allowing them to set up and deal maximum damage with relatively no fear of the boss attacking them. Not only this, but the two of them deal HELLA stance damage and can easily knock multiple bosses in the game by themselves. The only downside is that if they deal too much damage, they could knock the boss out of the staggered state.  Oh! And these two boys are actually quite tanky, so they can hold aggro for awhile!
I see how it is - The Soldjars spirit summon is just too powerful to be put on this list. Understandable - those little dudes deserve the world T-T
All that matters is which one is best against Elden Beast?
Smh still no rats or jar boys on the list, they're easy s tiers
Jelly was kinda unfair since i dont think undead can get poisoned, which is where most of jelly’s damage comes from
The tier list is extremely flawed. This isn't a best spirit summon overall list, it's a best damage output list. the shield soldiers are S tier. They draw attention and eat punches while you spam your strongest moves against a boss.
Put useless archer in S tier, and luthel in A tier .. Your judgement in this game is just bad overall. Thumbs down and won't even bother to finish the video.
Great video! I would have liked to see you pick one or two ashes for each of the main builds. For example, I’m a mage so it’s hard to pick between a tank and something that can draw aggro.
I agree with where you put the jelly fish it’s honestly not great.
The greatshied soldiers are S tier easy.  Once they get a boss surrounded , cause they will; that boss ain't going anywhere. They basically prep the boss for you to calmly slaughter  it.
I use that women who you find with a wolf and she goes with you as a spirit...dont know her name but she is an archer. I mainly use her for roleplay purposes because she said she will follow me on my path and i thought might as well use her then... I rarely use spirit summons, mostly when there is a gank boss fight to even the odds a bit.  Sometimes i use some bird, i think its stormhawk. And i used Aurelia the jellyfish a few times. Because i have low mind other ones are unusable to me because they require more FP then i have... I havent found spirit summons much usefull thou, its ok when there is a gank boss fight to get the agroo of both bosses from me for a second or two so i can deal damage but summon does not last very long and also oftentimes both bosses agro me either way ( valiant gargoyles for example ).
Tiche and Finlay are not good against Elden beast, since holy damage heals it and they both deal high holy damage
Bloodhound knight is beserk reference so irs not really meant to be op but sorta a "huh neat" nod to the manga
Warhawk is a win win. Its funny to watch it piss off the bosses and its also funny to watch it get stomped becuase I hate the damn birds!
The Black Knife Tiche is great, but i got it to help with the Elden Beast, and unfortunately she didn't do too well for me there, if anhybody has had a different experience than me, please let le know, i may try to use her again,
I feel like the ranking should take into effect their utility working with the player and FP costs. Like 70% of players aren't going to be able to use tiche because melee warriors don't spec that far into mind, so it loses points for its price. As well, certain summons are intended to 1v1 bosses. In fact id argue 0 of them are so its a weird choice to rank them based on a playable you aren't going to see from 99% of people.
One of my favorite summons, that I didn't see mentioned, is Stormhawk Deenh. The bird flies around dive-bombing enemies and will occasionally screech, giving you a HP regen buff. Definitely won't solo any bosses but it's a great support summon.
Really bad second boss choice as its an illusion it's immune to bleeds / rot / poison etc.
Jellyfish: lot of life but no damage, but poisons, obviously useful only to distract the boss  This guy: I'ma put her going 1 v 1
Jellyfish is good for applying poison to bosses. You draw boss attention and Jellyfish gets the poisondone. She helped me with Draconian Knight in Altus Plateau.  I love the bow marionettes. Great for decimating bosses and to clear areas with lots of little enemies.
The Wolfes are actually really good in combo with a meele char, cause they stagger a lot, they don't need to be tanky when the boss gets staggered constantly
I like the demi-humans so far. They could use some more hp but boy do they swarm.
We ride together We die together Oleg for life
I think your test is flawed because basically you got them to solo the boss but that's never the case. Normally the player has agro.
The dung eater is the best one.
tiche is A tier max, she dies instantly late game, damn useless
I play as an archer and I use Kaiden Sellsword a lot. He is often my first option when I enter a boss room. Good at being up in the face and can take many hits as I sit back dropping Rain of Arrows with poison/rot/bleed.
U forgot the best summon! The giant rats summon! It uses no FP and no HP and higher upgrade levels gives more rats! Just kidding, they are okay but unique in that they cost nothing to summon
Man I can’t put into words how much I hate summons.  It’s like the game is holding a cake in front of me, taunting me. “Gee bud, looks like you’re struggling a little bit. Why not use a summon and let it kill the boss for you?”  Literally easier than an easy mode if you use them
only thing that makes black knife annoying to use, is how often that summon drops aggro on certain bosses. which sometimes gets rly annoying deal with. but other than that fantastic summon. i actually did one "assasin" run i used claws and used only that summon. it was rly fun. but nice video :>
If you go back to the chapel of anticipation with the imbued stonesword key portals you get a Hawk summon, it’s in the chapel if you didn’t know
Spirit Ashes = easy difficulty for elden ring
Im rocking with Black Knife right now with my Astrologer. On the NG+ Im going in with Latenna because Im going full melee. Put her on the spot and she goes sniping while I take care of business up close.
I have a faith build. The greatshield users buffed with the 2 erdtree buffs and Golden Vow just form a wall around the boss, while I pelt him with lightning and flame.
You missed a few ashes, actually. One is mutually exclusive with Dung Eater Puppet(get it the same way, but give the potion to someone else) and you also missed Stormhawk Deenah, who is a non grafted version of the Warhawk. To make up for the lack of fire breath, Deenah will occasionally let out a cry that will buff it and you for a decent amount of extra damage. And as with the warhawk, Deenah flies, and so automatically dodges ground based AOE's
There you go game journalists easy mode for elden ring. Watch this tire list and play the game and the game won't be toooo hard.
Great work, thanks. Although I have better summons now I'll always be grateful to the jelly for getting me past Margit and rollin' with the wolves is still one of the coolest things in the game 🐺.
Ive been rocking the pumpkin knight bc tank
This guy here disrispecting Aurelia....
Jarwight getting slept on
nice video @swanyPlaysGames but you missed the spirit Nepheli Loux Puppet
Where's the Kaiden Sellsword?
Jellyfish is for super long range Agro
the warhawks are the reason i always have a reserve weapon with gravitas so they cant fly around and get on my nerves. good to see they dont only annoy players
jellyfish.
Can't sleep on the Imps. They're melee or midrange, VERY aggressive and VERY fast, with bleed weapons and grenades. Some enemies have trouble just trying to land hits on them. They're not tanky though. Good B or *maybe* A rank summons, especially early game.
hm yeah, on a small area with an meele mob.. test it at eldenbeast . the spirits only sneaking around and dont attack. when they go to attack, they get a hit ans start sneaking again.
My boy pumpkin head the most underrated summon
I hope the follower can hit as a archer. Those dudes snipe me from across the map and between trees while i jump and zigzag Also love black knife, she was so slippery against the last story boss that he said fuck her and stayed locked on me lol
As for the Jellyfish: You said about not caring if you get hate in the comments, but that's not what this is about. You can't expect to rate every spirit summon against the same boss, especially when the Jellyfish is weak to precisely the type of boss you're testing against. Hero of Zamor is good against the Jellyfish for the same reason Tiche is good against most bosses. That's like putting Skeletal Milita in D tier because they die against Magma Wyrm Makar and don't get a chance to revive. In other words, you're wrong and there's not enough testing...... But yes Tiche is S tier
Which dungeon is the hero of zamor in?
What tier would you put the pumpkin head summon?
surprised you didnt create save so you could do the testing on same boss
Jelly is life
Jellyfish is the best in the whole game btw
I appreciate the time you put into this video. I also need to point out Summons have match ups that favor or hurt their performance as well. It's not just damage, but mitigations too. Finlay for example is a Holy/Rot Paladin type. That clip against Godskin (Who has Faith resistance) isn't gonna care about her damage or Rot. The Perfect transition was right when you went to the Crystal summon, who can tank everything except Strike damage. That's the matchup knowledge I refer to, especially when people claim Lutenna is the worst, but put her in enclosed rooms, when she's a stationary sniper. Imagine OverWatch's Bastion just jumping in a room with everyone looking at him...He's dead period.
Hail our lord jelly
This isn't a fair assessment of the jellyfish. Her strength lies in taking aggro and deal poison while you have aggro. Of course she's gonna fall flat if you try to make her fight solo. It's kinda like grading a gold fish on its ability to climb trees.
Avionette soldier ashes are great too and deal blood loss
bleed dog is bugged right...? and so..... if we use a bleed dog summon.... if there is one..... wouldnt that melt the boss...?
When I used the warhawk for the first time, I didnt know it was hilarious to look at from an outsider pov. That peck combo attack pissing the boss off out of your aggro is just *chefs kiss*
Great video man
Never see the mimic tear drink flasks
No pack of rats?
jelly fish good for if you keep agro
Just a tip for future videos: you can save create backup files for your character so when accidents happen(ex. Tiche killed the boss as you mentioned), you can then copy and paste your backup files and have the boss up again
Ok so hear me out, is anybody else hoping that one day we get a big jar boi summon?
Putting the mimic tear as A tier is the best subtle click bate ever cuz I watched the whole video wondering why it wouldn't be S tier lol
What about the 3 little pots?
Damn bro. No Jarwight.
Mimic tear all the way!! Love that cute little blob.
Finlay only works Well if you yourself are the tank. She does nice steady damage with the rot and on autos. But most importantly when you summon her she used Golden Vow once before she starts moving and for any build who can’t use that the defense and damage can be a life changer I would argue she’s an A maybe even S due to the golden vow and rot which not many build besides faith have access to
Only reason jellyfish good is it takes agro for you so well that's it really there are defo better summons
I saw the picture of the Warhawks ashes and thought it was Stormhawk Deenh and I was like "Hell yeah!" but then I realized it's just the regular basic Warhawk.  I wish you had rated Stormhawk Deenh in this video because I think she's really good, especially since she flies around and gets hit far less frequently than a ground summon, she uses storm attacks that stun or stagger bosses, AND she buffs herself and you for longer than a single attack, but I've never straight up compared her to other summons, and you've got a couple on the list that I've never tried, so I don't really know how she compares.  I know she's far better than the basic Warhawks though, that's for sure.
Great video 😌hopefully you do more of these
You forgot about the hawk that buffs your attack power i forgot it’s name i think it’s called the Stormhawk Deenh
The cursed blood pot helps if your summons dont wanna go to the enemy.  I build a Iron Tank mimic with 70% damage reduction and Prayer strike on a Great Stars, its awesome ^^  My tier list: early and mid game the Demi human ash, later the Mimic.
You missed the giant rats
I found the mimic was most useful with more items in your hotbar but would two hand their weapons more often then block. I also haven’t tested it but I’m pretty it doesn’t fat roll when above my heavy equipment load. I think this is the case because I changed armour mid fight once because of an equip load issue but his rolling was unaffected.  I also noticed they used items a lot and if given the chance several uses of weapon arts
You're missing so many summons lolol. There is the Jarwight, the Fingermaiden, Tbe Perfumer, The Depraved Perfumer, and im sure a ton that im missing.
I was hyped to find Latenna and immediately got her to lvl 10... I was utterly disappointed. In more than one boss battle she didn't aggro at all, even with the bosses close she would not attack at all and when the boss focused her she would die very quickly. Additionally, the fact she is like a turret sucks if there is coverage to block her attacks. (I'm not questioning your rank of her. Rather pointing she can be very hit or miss and not as versatile and adaptable as other spirits depending on the battle.)
Fair list, mimic tear is definitely still completely viable and my go to. That said I wish for the nerf they just made him less tanky but kept his ai the same. As it stands it is dumb as a brick now and has a habit of just taking hits and not much else.
Personally, i prefer the stormhawk over the warhawk. I dont know if it is actually the case, but in my experience it seems tankier and more evasive. Plus, it buffs when it screeches, so there is that
There are many important factors to what makes an ashe good that you seemed to not consider. The ashes ability to stagger, its agressiveness (how often it attacks), its ability to take agro and its ability to chase mobile bossess, wether if its multiple summon or a single summon would affect how it does vs single target bosses or aoe bosses, . So pitting them against a certain boss is not good at all. I know that this is going to take a looong time to extensively test this all but well it was worth mentioning.
Havr you tried the Demi-Human Ashes? Lil fuckers are aggressive as fuck, can take a hit, and keep aggro very well. You get a squad of 5. They were an immense help in the early game. Been using Mimic Tear. Might stop and save that for bosses I just absolutely cannot handle.
Lanetta, my wonderful cripple magic turret. True MVP ❤
The jellyfish is op in early, it can tank every boss. Later tho it dies rather quickly.
I wonder if we get a DLC that lets us see Latenna at a time when her Wolf was still alive.  And yeah the Wolf Spirits s* and are outclassed by the Giant Rats by a landslide , the Giant Rats summon is actually pretty amazing. You should have tested and ranked that one instead of the crapy wolves.  Warhawk Ashes interesting , i was using Stormhawk Deenh for fights against flying enemies , but the Warhawk might be a nice alternative.
Rotten stray you need to tank for so he can get rot off, and then he legitimately kills the boss while you run away. And for 35 fp that utility is insane.
Ancestral spirit is good because his arrows can stun enemies, really helps to break an enemies combo and let u slash away, gonna use him for whole game I think
I personally don't see why so many people are attached to the jellyfish summon. People always mention the tankyness but there are other summons that are tanky and also do more damage.
Black knife Tish is good, but not as good as Lhutel the headless knight
As a faith build, my mimic gets stuck trying to pull off incantations and just gets hit. I also don’t have high hp which doesn’t help. I just find it dying so quickly. I’d imagine it would be better for a melee build
Where tf is Stormhawk Deenh?!?! Deeno saved my ass early game, he will forever have place in my heart, Tiche is my lover, but Deeno is awesome for the attack buff and attacks like a mf
The clean rot knight guy with the scythe goes hard tho
why are so many summons missing from this list?
Can't wait till we can do Spirit Ashes battles. I choose you! Dung Eater!
Completely used the jellyfish wrong. Her sprays increase the amount of damage YOU as the player do. it's insanely strong, shes a great support summon especially early game and stacks well with other damage increasing incantations. Never disrespect Jellyfish like this again.
Does it bother anyone else that the Lone Wolf Ashes is three wolves, which by definition makes it not a lone wolf?
I did a lot of my testing against an Erd Tree Avatar. The two best spirits to get the most damage and aggro were the Nightmaiden & Swordstress Puppets and the Greatshield Soldiers. The rest, including the Black Knife, got smacked around so easily and couldn't finish it. The N&S were the only ones capable of fully soloing the Avatar. This hands down makes me give N&S and S tier and Greatshields a high A tier.
I watched a couple experiments where the great shield soldier got dragonic tree sentinels to health to half, just by staying alive, so imo they are S Edit: Try Stormhawk Deenh too!
You are missing giant rats summon
I didn't know ashes could be upgraded until endgame, right around the time I got to Fire Giant.  Too bad, now it's amazing trying out different ones maxed out.
Ngl I'd change the title, you can't call it like "SUPER OMEGA HYPER GOOD SUMMONS (IF YOU DON'T USE THESE YOU'RE GONNA CATCH A CAR IN THE MOUTH TOMORROW?!?!?)" and then proceed to just rank the summons randomly based on your opinion, I mean YOU CAN but with a title like that no you can't tbh.. people are gonna click the video because they want a tip on which summon would help them the most, and trust me lutenna ain't gonna help sht. All I'm saying is that title suggests an objective tierlist but in reality the video is done with a 80 hours casul experience of the game just to cash in on the elden wave. If you want to use that title be sure what you put in S is an S, this was an example but it could apply to other videos like this one. (greatshield soldier ashes and skeletal militiaman are very strong if you just want meatbags that absorb dmg)
As a sorcerer, I used Tiche, Oleg, and the Mausoleum Soldiers. The Mausoleum Soldiers don't f**k around.
Another thing that's pretty good about the Ancestral Follower is that they heal on kills so in addition to the things you mentioned, they can be good when you summon to help clear out regular enemy groups instead of bosses.
I think engvall/Oleg are better than tische for mobs.
Mimic I’d now put at b tier and max a tier if u have the right build. Mimic is just now a dumb damage sponge
I thought people liking the jellyfish was a meme. Didn’t know that people were serious about it. Every time ive summoned it it sucks ass
I feel like I'm crazy, I'm all about perfumer Tricia! She gives you shields multiple times throughout fights and draws aggro super well, she's pretty Tammy!
Tiche pulled my ass out of the fire so many times in my first playthrough. I came to think of my journey as one with Tiche. I will use a different summon next playthrough, but she's absolutely nuts
Thank you for this, it makes choosing the best one simple to figure out for your play style. Awesome!
I cheese open world bosses with latenna. Very long range attack and accurate while im on horseback and the moment the boss gets distracted by latenna’s triple arrows i come dashing in on torrent swinging my sword. Strait up Gengis Khan/Mongol raid style.
Hello this is a hate comment for putting jellyfish in D. Jelly is very cute and tanky and poison can do great damage. Shame for low jelly rating!
The issue with this is that it doesn't account for the fact that there's a player.   These summons should never be fighting on their own, they are your partner.  These should be graded differently by build.  Some summons are great for tank builds, some are great for mage builds, and some are great for rush type builds.  Some are meant to be distractions, some are meant to support you with damage, and some are tanks.
Yall use summons ?
I use maxed out banished Knight oleg and he is a beast and his multi hit combos and is surprisingly tanky at a high level too. Its easy to stagger bosses when he is wailing from one side while I wail from the other. I've taken down dragons, malekeith  gank bosses easily due to my boi holding them off and drawing aggro.
Finlay is definitely S tier in my opinion for a few reasons.   1. She ALWAYS spawns and buffs you up and will re apply the buff until she disappears  2. If you’re taking Aggro, her scarlet rot and halo scythes will do great dmg over the course of the battle 3. Her rapier does good poise damage 4. The main thing is she priorities range. A lot of the other range summons will have their A.I break when an enemy comes near them (take the ancestral follower) once that club comes out 9/10 times he isn’t gonna back up to start shooting arrows again unless the boss just teleports or something like that.  5. Her scythes deal holy dmg which is good counter play depending on the enemy
THE JELLYFISH ARE MORAL SUPPORT   YOU CANT GRADE EMOTION!!!!!!!!
Underrated the Greatshield Soldiers heavily
Switching between greatshield skeletons and crystallian has allowed me to run through the game 3 times for far. Skeletons for tanking single target dps bosses but the crystallian is unbelievably tanky vs aoe bosses
jarwight?
On my first playthrough I brought Engvall up to +4 and found the dung eater puppet. I didn't find the mimic tear for a long time so Dung Eater became my staple summon when I was in a pinch. Just me and the crap consumer. He bleeds on basic attacks, self buffs, is tanky, draws aggro with his AoE attacks, casts incantations and is the meme character. I didn't have to do any research before considering bestowing my first Great Ghost Glovewort upon him. Aurelia is one of my favourite spirits but due to the violent nature of this game I couldn't find the heart to summon her since I always end up trying to protect her instead.  By the way isn't Stormhawk Deenh a better Warhawk?
The perfumer ases are a great option for defence and support
Ignore that youtube channel. all of his yt videos are clickbait. that dolores is only good against the godskin duo and nowhere else.
Got my boi Oleg to +10. I just throw a blessing boon on him and unleash him on bosses or masses of enemies, he’s reallll good
I never understood this method of testing. The inherent point of a summon is to hold aggro for you while you push dps. While that is hard to gauge, it does mean that summons who are beefier and attack a lot are really good because of how long they last and how long they hold aggro, while summons who don't attack much aren't nearly as good, even if they're really beefy
I agree, depending on level and build, the mimic is still the best.  As a bleed/dex build, mine does considerably better than Tiche.
Why would you have a small health bar as a mage? Thats stupid. Mimic tear is beast mode. Fav spirit summon.
I am glad someone else finally said it: jellyfish is garbage  Both are meant for early game, but between jellyfish and rotten stray early on, the rotten stray is a thousand times better
Trying to find the logic in the naming rating nomenclature.
Bro you’re still forgetting a lot of other ashes lmao. A lot of different soldier types for example. And special animals and creatures like rats and jar men. Use fextra life wiki
The Ancestral Followe will keep firing arrows at distant targets even if there is sonething blocking their path. Replaced the AF after a pillar ended up looking like a pincushion.
I can't get dung eater this play through as already discarded the first potion. I probably should have done it though as I don't plan on doing his ending till later.
Testing is still questionable whether they're left alone to fight for themselves or together, outcomes will differ. Ranged, close range etc. is better for some. Jellyfish can still tank but not constant attacks. The black knife can definitely handle some bosses on it's own but not always the case. Crystalian is good for multiple bosses where you can distract the others and fight one at a time, as long as the boss isn't using a strike weapon.  I think summons highly depend on the opponent and playstyle. If you're a mage, a melee summon will help. If you're melee, a mage, status, ranged summon would be nice. Size of boss also matters as you wouldn't use ranged on a boss a size of a pea.  Videos are mostly opinion based and not exactly scientific. Use an appropriate summon based on the boss or enemies.
Love the video . I got the the black flame monk wonder what you think about him
Jellyfish is best summon change my mind (hail to the jelly) I used it through my whole run and cried when I reunited her with the other jelly
Marionette Archers can "dodge lock" some bosses that insist on evading ranged attacks.
A b c d . S tier . [ absolutely great explanation] not really
Would using a cursed-blood pot have any effect on the level of tiers the spirits are placed at? I haven’t used it yet but it says that it causes spirits to assail enemies with rabid fervor. So I’m guessing they become more aggressive? Maybe that can be what can bring a spirit up a tier.
If you use the summon ashes again you dismiss the summons right?
I think all the summons are great, provided you know what each summons is for.  Dont use the Greatshield bois as a melee build.  Use them for a mage build.  Jelly is good against anything that it can poison, and against floor based damage.
You missed Blackflame Monk Amon, ppl sleeping on him and he's not talked about by many ppl, but damn he is tanky and can melt some bosses hp with his black fire damage, that dude is strong.  Also the Mad Pumpkin Head ashes, he takes very little damage due to his pumpkin head and deals pretty good damage with his flail.  And the Vulgar Militia, there's 3 of them and they deal heavy bleed damage, an upgrade over the imps but slower than they are.  And Kindred of Rot, it's very quick and can spam a lot of that string magic projectile stuff  The Oracle Envoy Ashes are also pretty good, they can swarm and spam a lot of magic bubble nonsense.
The jellyfish is not meant to be a damage dealer. That's why it can't solo a boss. It's meant to be able to tank argo, while debuffing the enemy damage. It's not the Jellys fault you don't understand it's purpose
If your mimic tear is bad, I got some news for you...
i have beef with godrick soldiers bro i hate those ashes
Jelly fish sucks idk who asked you to do that
The problem with Tiche is that if you’re fighting someone who does area damage and she gets hit she isn’t tanky at all. I wouldn’t go so far as to call her a glass canon, but compared to the tanky spirits she melts if she gets hit. She’s great against some bosses but against others she’s useless. Tried her against the Fire Giant and she got wrecked. She couldn’t even survive until the second phase of that fight.
Did I miss my homies the demihumans
I got Engvall pretty early and started to use and level it up when i could. He is so helpful with groups and bosses.
Me and jelly have been in some rough spots 😓
+1 for great shield soldiers for a mage, you don't need anyone to do dmg. These guys are amazing for holding aggro while you bomb bosses.hate I wasted time getting black knife and 2 other legendary summons to +10 when greatshield is hands down the best.
Use Mimic, wear a hammer with prayerful strike, and poise armor.  Prayerful strike has hyper armor, heals the mimic, and heals you too if you’re close enough.  I used the morning sun because it also heals slightly each hit and adds bleed status.
It's all about the marionette archers. They always save me in perfect time by staggering the boss when I'm trying to squeeze out a few more hits. Jellyfish is S tier but you need to return your jelly in when you get close to the end game you animals
My Tiche and the Greatshield bros are my go to.
I like your video, very ingteresting way to conduct this test. What I would say is that some summons are very good but would not do well in this test. It seems like this test is solely structured around fast moving bosses and with the summon predomonantly having aggro the whole time. That is good for uniformity sake, but I can tell you under these conditions, a summon like Delores is never gonna perform, but take her out into an open area or use her as a support sommon with bosses, rather than constantly trading aggro with her and she can be very effective. Id be curious to hear what you think of some of the other unique ashes, like Finger Maiden Therilina, Jarwright and the blackflame monk for example but I'm sure that wouldve taken a long time. Thanks again, great job
Jellyfish is a tank. If you’re expecting him to solo the boss, you’re using him wrong. He’s a great damage-sponge.
This is objectively wrong the soilder jars are the best summon because they’re doing their best
You can call back Summons for future testing.
Skeletal militiamen suck worse than everything there, there d tier throughout the whole game
The damage they do is irrelevant holding agro and staying alive is all that matters with a summons
if the mimic isnt best your build is the problem
I've noticed that this tier list is kinda redundant because most things are going into A tier it's the new B in this sense and it feels like it's not accurate or thought out so I don't know about how good this is supposed to be
Taking hits. Isn't that the point of ashes?
I still like the mimic
This is objectively the worst tier list I have ever seen.
Jellyfish users from the last video still punching the air
Only problem with this video is that they are meant to be used in conjunction with you attacking the enemy therefore the jellyfish is cool because it’s a tank and it pulls Agro and stays alive for a long time
i think Oleg was somewhat overlooked. He does absolutely stupid damage I play a mage/sword with a heavy focus on int. Oleg more often then not will outlive me in boss fights. Does insane Poise damage and a decent bit of physical. Aswell as having an actual dumb amount of hp and a ridiculous slew of abilities to basically 1 shot groups of grunt enemies
I nominate Tiche for Best Girl.
1v1 situation are not really the situation we have in game, we dont use spirit to let them battle, a lot of your tier list will be different if you do it with them on a better boss , for sur in 1v1 jellyfish is gonna be bad, the thing that make him op is thé poison he does and the tankiness to take agro and ket you breath
My problem with the mimic is that I rely on using the ash of war on Moonveil and bloodhound step with a staff in my left hand. The mimic doesn't really use Moonveils ash of war anymore so you end up seeing your mimc run forward and hitting it with whatever weapon I have bloodhound on or even trying to bop it with my staff.
Mimic Tear should summon a mimic tear as well it’s in his inventory after all.
I always use Omenkiller Rollo for bosses. He is extremly fun to tag team with. He can also evade a lot of attacks using the backwards fire-breath. I wanted to get Dung eater summon but I messed up Selvis’s questline and locked myself out of getting him
jellyfish helped me beat margit but only after u knock him over and do a finish move on him. Then the poison is applied for a LONG time and it just drains his health while u hide. The rot dog does it too
I love the skeleton shield bros.
For the squishier summons. I would recommend using the Shabriri's Woe talisman.
Wolves > Jellyfish  Yeah, I said it.
Finlay is at least A tier if you're pulling any kind of consistent Aggro. Honestly in my opinion this tierlist is kind of useless for determining ranged unit's or tanky units worth. Finlay is a support dps, that does most of their damage from range.  They do terrible when they are in melee range tanking the boss, and should be paired with a melee build. The exact opposite would be the shield soldiers. Who are immobile tanky as heck and only exists to draw aggro their ideal build partner is ranged glass cannon builds. I'd be amazed if Tiche doesn't get nerfed into the ground because she does every job too well. Even though she's not the tankiest summon her mobility makes her effective tankiness much higher, her damage is insane and she draws aggro frequently, frankly if you're drawing aggro for her, her weapon art will kill most bosses that you struggle with since it does percent Health damage.
You actually missed another one, you missed the giant rats
I'm still defaulting to my Skeletal Militiamen. They don't do much damage, but they're very helpful in just keeping aggro off me as a caster. And they don't die easily, so you'll have them there for a while.
bro ...if u spawn your ancestral spirit behind a tree,he shoots behind the tree man ...like the entire time
Maus soldiers having a clueless, poor aggro range type behaviour is fitting for a bunch of guys with no heads, I think they are working as intended tbh
How the bloodhound is a glass canon and work with bleed is B.  Dolores is the same and could work with a sleep build is C?
dung eater puppet also uses a shriek that reduces the damage of all enemies nearby (including bosses)
Your missing a couple of ashes
What about stormhawk deenh? It is a better version of warhawk, and it gives you a nice buff
You missed stormhawk deenth one of my personal favorite ashes.........
The "they arent tanky enough" critique isnt as important when you can heal your summons.
I chose the Forked Gargoyle guys rather then the golden seed when creating my character, and they’re actually fucking cracked.
I don’t see the imps on the list anywhere or am I just blind?
The Jellyfish fucking sucks.  Fin.
Can you rank ashes of war next please?
This man is not a true believer of the Jellyfish.
Stormhawk also gives you an attack buff
People sleep on the mad pumpkin head. 1. He keeps his head shield damage negotiation ability and can endure some bullshit punishment if stated up enough. 2. He can stagger most medium sized opponents with some effort but not to the point its a rare occurrence. 3. He stacks bleed, his flail can stack bleed to the point my only gripe is to not carry any weapons with bleed and focus on Poison and frost to get that insane burst damage, almost all bosses I’ve fought that could be bled fucking bled
The Dung Eater is even better than you think: his big AoE blast leaves a lingering debuff on enemies that lowers their dmg reduction AND resists so not only do they take more damage but statuses build up easier as well.  Dung Boi is S+ tier.
The jellyfish is more of a back line summon, useful for someone taking the boss's attention but on their own it can't really hang.
Nearly every boss I have summoned the crystalian for, it just stares at and doesn't help me at all, or slowly hops it's way towards us, never getting close enough to do damage
Crucible Knight Duo NG+ , wrecks all my summons.😂
Finlay also buffs the player.
no black flame monk?
One extra detail with the Redmane Knight Ohga, which is kinda neat, though the usefulness is questionable.  Once per summon, if you use any Ash of War skill with the word "roar" in it, (e.g. Barbaric Roar), he'll follow up with his own yell, then use that 'rain of 1000 arrows' type move.  It's a little inconsistent to get it to work, and half the time it just misses, but on some really big bosses it's hilarious.
Why is it always jellyfish you don’t have the right? 😔
Lol everybody shut up and quit whining. this dude went through all this trouble and made a damn good video with a savvy drag and drop ranking system. if you have a different opinion, go make your own video. oh wait...   lol the internet is psycho calm tf down.  video was great man, thanks.
You should make E tier for jelly fish
I give my mimic the agro talisman so enemies attack him all the time and I just attack.
No Soldjar spirit?
Valid 👍
Right now i'm doing spirit summons only run,and Lluthel is the biggest letdown for me. She is way too passive,and because she is passive,she do low damage,the boss is alive longer and eventualy she die. Ofc the tierlist is awesome,because its my own challenge run with different playstyle,Just want to write it down so if others try a run like this,be aware. On the Other hand, Godrick Soldiers absolutely carry my ass,so far soloing Margit at lvl4 with some healing help. Sometimes they go passive,but other times they just wreck shit up with constant hitting. And yes,Latenna is a total beast,literally the only usefull summon against dragon bosses in the open world.
You forgot the normal hawk summon.
What about the Radahn soldier ashes.
The thing about the Jelly fish summon. It’s not about “letting the summon do the job” but more for “letting the summon distract the enemy while I’m doing some damage”
I didn’t see the dragon summon on here, have you found it yet?
Nice tier list man. Love the video like this for new game like elden ring. The summons was all good when you use effectively vary from boss to boss or place you can use it for normal mobs. That why they give us so many summons to use for. Cheers 🍻 everyone and happy gaming!!
Agree with most everything except for one big stand out, the archer that doesn’t move and has a small health pool in comparison. She’s great in specific situations but awful in others which in itself should have kept her out of S tier
What about Radahn. I saw someone summoned Radahn as Ash Sipirt against Tree Sentinel. Not sure how they did it.
I just want to point out that the rarity of the ashes is similar to weapons so having a rare at +9 with only 1 more upgrade where as some with lower rarity a +9 would be equal to a +3 rare ash because they go to +24 before being just before maxed but great comparisons and testing otherwise keep up the content man
Finlay and Tiche are my two favorites. Finlay isn't great in solo combat but she actually buffs and heals you while dealing ranged damage . Tiche is just straight up nasty
mimic still the best ..even its nerfed.
Kaiden sellsword ashes? What you think. He carried me for most the game
Hmm, this video doesn’t seem to be very fair for certain types of summons imo. Some of them are very tanky and take aggro, so you can do ranged damage from afar. Other ones do the opposite, they do the high dps range attacks so you have to aggro the boss. And some will help in dividing the bosses attention or keeping stagger rate high.
What happend to the Raya Lucaria soldiers?
The jellyfish has been very useful to me at level 10. It's true that it doesn't attack much and that its attacks are weak, but it serves as a tank and a distraction. It's a matter of knowing how to use its advantages.
The marionette soldier ashes are reaaaaally good for doing posture damage and getting the stagger crit, since it's so many raw individual hits and the boss never has time to regain posture, especially if your build hits slow and deliberately. Another niche use is melting crystilian enemies' special armor thing, for the same reasons
Actually such a mid tier list 😅
Jelly is for brawler... hit and run he tanks heat while u heal then u jump in again
Not sure if someone else mentioned it but you xan summon those big ant guys from called that shoot the needle things, havnt tried them yet but they're definitely annoying
Bro u are sleeping on some ashes, the giant Rats for example, need some more scav in your game, also i test some variations 10+ and 9+ on the same the difference are huge the last lvl change so much on defense lv thats insane. But nice contant for up ur ashes just need a litte more tests for us all and your tier gonna be perfect.
The Stormveil knights at +10 are beasts, they have a lot of health and do decent damage.
Is Nepheli Loux bad, or just another one that was missed?
I will drop giant rats in any place that lets me summon as I travel. Its hilarious to see them hunt down enemies and get me some runes while I look for the items or treasure. Giant rats dont stick around you like other summons they run off on their own and hunt down what is in the summon zone. And at level 10 you get 5 of them. They cost no FP as well so good for low magic builds. The Zombies do the same thing but cost FP and are slow, but have way more HP.
Please remember this video is just for fun, it isn't a be all end all. Some of you are getting pretty hostile in the comments. Everyone's list is going to be different. The reason I had them do a 1v1 against bosses was to show how much damage they do on their own. It would be very difficult for me to measure how good a spirit is if I'm attacking them simultaneously. If a spirt summon can almost kill or completely kill a boss on their own, then obviously they are a strong spirit summon. I also couldn't include EVERY spirit because this would have been like 2 hours long.   Depending on your play style, weapons, and stats, everyone's experience is going to be different.
Appreciate the video. It all comes down to how you play as far as each person ranks them. Like I run a dual wield high arc blood build so for me the mimic is the easy best because we just proc bleed after bleed
Yes! this is definetely the Tier List, Latenna being an S, and the twin maidenns are so underrated <3
So latenna is s tier because she's insanely good at what she's doing and can dish out lots of dmg in exchange for low hp and bad 1vs1 capability  Yet greatshield soldiers despite being as good as latenna in terms of what they're doing which is being tanky, became b tier because they dont do well on their own? Why is latenna in s tier then when her 1vs1 capability is like b tier at best? What is the tier list even based on?  Well who cares anyways when black knife and mimic tear exists
So the thing is, you can look it from two different perspectives. But mainly, Spirit summons are just to assist you in a fight, but your main focus was on soloing the boss, which should be an entirely different topic.
Stormhawk?
Do the perfumers and the little pots you are missing a lot of summons
Curious as to how you’re able to level up all these summons to level 9? I’m about a 100hours into my play through and I’ve only got enough smithing stones and stuff to have a few weapons leveled and stuff
I think your methodology when testing the spirit jellyfish was not great. The jellyfish's damage is never great but it is absurdly tanky. If you are a mage or a ranged build you can rely on the jellyfish taking aggro for an absurd amount of time, which is largely what those types of builds really need since they have the damage down. I'm still not saying the jellyfish is A tier mind you, just that somewhere between B and C sounds more correct for me.
Shield skeletons helped me in many fights.
Don't sleep on Red Mane Soldiers. Those 2 are super agresive and kind of tanky. They can kill Hailgtree Knights.
Pumpkinhead is an absolute physical tank
survival and aggro control > dps for spirits. luthel and swordstress puppets should be S tier great shield soldiers can also easily be one of the best ashes in the game
I 100% agree with jellyfish. Start of the game I thought it was my saving grace, half way through, you realize it’s absolutely trash even at +10. Gets one shot by 90% of the bosses lol
Jellyfish is easy A tier and your ranking system is poor. You're measuring a fish's ability to climb a tree. The Jellyfish lacks damage, but is a tank and meant to be used in tandem with YOU being the DPS. Not you sitting in the corner on your ass counting how much damage is being done.
Just to let you know you actually missed a couple! You can get nepheli's ashes from an NPC in carian manor if you give her seluvis' potion (name is pidia) and there's a Stormhawk Deenh
You forgot Nepheli Loux, Warrior puppet
Maby you just don’t cut it for the jellyfish?! Think about that!?
thanks for taking the time to do this. great information.
Is the finger maidens puppet any good? Was really interested in hearing about that one before investing resources but wasn't on the list!!!
I might be expecting far too much of them, but they've only really served to draw agro for 2 seconds before they just do nothing for 2 minutes, ESPECIALLY REDMANE KNIGHT I HATE THAT GUY
Where jarwight and soldjars?
Omen killer S tier for sure
Ok.  So.   What the actual fuck is the point of only testing spirit summons solo vs bosses?   Sure, it's one useful metric but, practically speaking, when do you ever use spirit summons for that?  The point of spirit summons is to manage your opponents aggro, and or their posture, along with to add dps.   For instance, The point of the jellyfish, is to be a tank and to mess with boss ai. Yes, it sucks ass for damage but that should be the last reason you summon the jellifish.   Other examples, like the wolves and demi humans, can add a lot of additional poise damage. They also help split up aggro.  At the very least you should have made a few categories.   Sometimes you want a bunch of mobs, sometimes you just want one. Sometimes you need a ranged attack and sometimes you need a specific damage type. Other times you're trying to stack status effects and or damage types, while other times you need them to resist certain status effects and damage types.    I would argue that's best to have one summon to help double down on your strengths, a 2nd summon for balanced encounters and a 3rd to help shore up your weaknesses. I would say that there are different tiers of each type of need for different character builds.  Lastly fp cost can be a huge limiting factor and can have a direct impact on which ashes are s tier for various builds.
Been waiting for you to make a video on this! Let's gooooooo
This video is great,  could you by any chance do one for all the summons?
In defense of the jellyfish even early game it's not really meant to carry, it's main use is to sit back and apply poison while you try to keep the bosses attention far away to avoid having them do tentacle attacks.
S+ tier: me getting a mod (I play offline never online) that lets me summon Radhan 😂😂.
Tiche and Mimic for the win 💪
I love the summons for this game. They feel incredibly fair and the sheer diversity of them makes them fun to use on any character type.
Ashes of war aren't even supposed to do the heavy lifting. They're supposed to be a support kind of thing. That's why they tend to be tanker, more aggressive, have constant dps, etc, etc.
And what about the finger maiden puppet?
Black Knife Quiche helped me beat Malenia - her blood loss is absolutely GOATed
Wish there was a summon for the big boulder
Make sure to make a backup save before doing boss testing just in case something like what happened with Tiche happens again
I use Latenna surprisingly a lot. Her range insane and her glint arrows track. If there’s a high ground overlooking a boss location you can leave her up there where’s she’s safe. Alternatively you can play tank with Shabriri’s woe equipped to help force aggro and let her do all the work.
Wait a minute this is God damn b******* how does this guy have like 80 God damn ads!?
The two perfumers are a lot better then people give them credit for. Trisha doesn’t aggro until you’re focused and she spams buff and shield on your character and exploding perfume which can do like 500 damage if it hits a boss right
You can get giant rat ashes too
The one problem with this list is that I’m pretty sure that normal and special  ashes scale differently. Meaning that a +9 from ghost glovewort is more akin to a +24 from grave glovewort. I’m not 100% sure about this, but it could be a reason why ashes like jellyfish and rot hound got killed so quick
The doggo bois are S-tier against Rennala.  They can basically keep her constantly staggered.  That was the last time I used them.  The rest of the game it was Mimic and Tiche.
redmane knight does a rain of arrows attack if u use a warcry ash near it which is neet
I wonder how the mimic tear wearing the dung eater armor set with a leveled up weapon and empty equip bar would stack up to the dung eater puppet. Come to think of it, you could make the mimic into just about any NPC huh
Great list! FYI, you can un-summon a spirit by "summoning" it again. That way, you won't have another accident like the Black Knife Tishe one.
talkinn allll that smack about jellies, best not go to the beach anytime soon smh -.-
People actually use the Jelly Fish?????
how dare you put the jellyfish at the botton, that one is clearly SS
The explosion the dung eater does also applies a debuff that reduces all damage negation and status resistances for all nearby enemies via the "Shriek of Milos" skill from his sword.  So he makes you do more damage, he bleeds, has very high poise, and is pretty aggressive.  Also he's such an asshole I don't feel bad at all making him my puppet.
Another thing with the mimic that I love to do is put the shabriri woe talisman or whatever it's called toss on my tanky armor summon the mimic then switch back to my regular gear and because of that Talisman the mimic takes every bit of aggro constantly until he dies and that plus 10 it takes a lot to kill him the only two summonses I use in this game is black knife and mimic I might level up that lady Archer that doesn't miss. Great video
After getting my ass handed to me by sniper anscestral spirits at Siofra river, I was hoping that the homing arrow was part of the spirit summon's kit. Thankfully, it was.
In future DLC I hope to see more around sleep and madness, I like the sleep arrow puppet, not great but again, sleep is not that great either it just staggers a boss for a second and there aren't that many weapons that can inflict it either.
I just finished beating Astel, Naturalborn of the Void with Jellyfish. I'm a mage, and the Jellyfish has always came through. I tried with my level 10 Lhutel the Headless and couldn't get it done. Tried once with my level 3 Jelly and manhandled Astel. Doesn't need to do high damage for mages, just give us a little time to let the guns loose.
Take this tier list as a spirit ash 1v1 power tier. In real play-through ashes tiers are really depending on what build you are and what aspect of help do you need.  For tanking the boss when you are a mage: Greatshield soldiers S+ For versatility: Mimic Tear S+ For dealing damage if you are the one with a great shield: Letenna the Albinauric/Black knife Tiche S+ And for your progress in the game, it's not like you can single handily complete Ranni's quest to get Tiche or venture through the sewer for the Dung Eater.
Really great work
Honestly I haven't used much other than tiche, lhutel, and, ofc, my mimic with 2 +25 seppuku twinblades... bleed is just fucking stupid lmao
Battlemage Hugues my favorite, although he sucks.
I don’t get how people think the jellyfish is good
Oleg da 🐐 no 🧢
Ya I'll break down top 2 black knife is number one only iff u are low level iff you 120 or higher mimic is by far the best there is hands down
A thought for a different type of test. I'm a hyper aggressive melee fighter, so I hold agro more than not. Maybe do a test where you have a huge shield and the trinket that pulls agro and see what summons burn the boss best when you're acting as a tank for it? Just a thought for another content video down the road if you're interested.
The healing puppet. I forgot her name.
I have never been a fan of jelly fish. the higher summoning cost ones,seem so much better. I have the headless horseman knight that I can’t use because I just finally got too 100. so I can use, the two handed sword knight and the spear knight. which depending on the fight can really hold there own and do ok damage. I like them because there a it more tanky. Then any of the others a don’t die right away. Usually but they like to stand in the fire lol.
Mimic is S tier for me if you fight alongside with it and not use it as a meat shield if you run away it runs away with you I found tag teaming a boss with no fear is important protect it and it'll protect you in return. All other summon for my build are waist accept the wolves. But just like how you need help it needs your help to I jumped in the way of an attack because I had more health which gave him an opening to attack a finish the final boss.
Please don't take this the wrong way, I appreciate all the work and editing you've done. I enjoyed the video. However, this is more of a "Best Summons that can Solo", not just best overall.
Black Knife Tiche vs. The Loathsome Dung Eater sounds like a fked up Dr Seuss book
Nobody talk about the rotten dog
Fantastic content Swany! you did an awesome job on this man VERY MUCH APPRECIATED :)
What about jarboy? :(
I hate how its easier to +10 a renowned ashes than a regular one. I've reach the snowy mountain area and I already have 3 +10 renowned vs 0 +10 normal ones.
To b fair... summons arnt ment to fight bosses 1v1.... that being said... as a suport..... jelly is one of the best... constantly keeps agro with his long range poison attack and has alot of health....
Got to learn to save scum
What about the pot boys. I mean they are shit but funny
the jellyfish is a honestly decent tank for early and mid and possibly late game, and can poison enemies (i think)
I audibly exclaim BLACK KNIFE TEEEEESSSHH, When ever I need her help, summon her, and she never disappoints
Interesting enough with the lone wolf summons...they do blunt dmg so they are VERY useful against the crystalian bosses
Piece of advice: though your testing wouldn't show it, Oleg is one of the best summons in the game against Malenia. Not only is he tanky enough to survive a full on Waterfowl Dance with a good chunk of health remaining, nearly every single attack he does can stagger her, plus his dash is an excellent gap closer. He's not as high-damaging as Tiche, but he survives longer and distracts her better, and is more reliable at staggering her than Mimic (post-patch, at least).
You can get a rat summon that someone's 3 tiny rats and also the Solidjarpot summons that summon little 3 pot guys. In my opinion They're are okay I like the 3 pot guys.
Tiche is so op that she is one of the only ones I use, especially against Melania.
So far, my favorites are the skeletal Warriors, because like herpes, they keep coming back. Them nick-ahs stay with me for the whole fight. They run interfere for me and I run interfere for them. ❤️
Always put warming stones on mimic tear. It will drop like 10 at a time for a good spot where you can take a breath and heal
I’m moving the Rotten Stray up to A tier that dog helped me a lot, the Greatshield Soldiers up to A tier because they definitely were a big park on me beating the first elden lord boss and Lhutel the Headless straight goes up to S tier you’re not gonna change my mind on her 😤
Jellyfish reduces the damage from enemies hit and can create poison on them but yeah i think its bad
Hold up im in New game + with over 6million runes I just died I grabbed my runes back but it only gave me 4 million runes is that suppose to work like that in New game +
Maybe the great shield guys work against small bosses. I leveled them up hoping they'd stay alive awhile but they instantly get nuked by bigger bosses.
I take it this is from a Melee player's perspective. As glass cannon Mage, the Great Shield Soldiers are S+ tier. They surround a mob in a way that both distracts the boss and prevents them from moving much. This makes it super easy to annihilate them quickly with Commet Azure. They might not be good for soloing the boss...but that's not really the point.
Have you tried the mad pumpkin ashes?
Oleg is my DUDE  The guy was beating Niall and Malenia's ass for me  If the boss can be staggered like Malenia he is a monster cause he will lock her down and keep her there  You just gotta be better than me to make use of that  Niall he was just good he kept agro and was just bullying Niall as much as a solo summon could with just two swords Highly recommend for anyone who wants a spirit that's not tiche op but also not horrible tl;dr Oleg is basically reliable in all situations like a jack of all trades and has the most black air force energy of all the summons imo
What would be cool. If they add arena type Pokémon battle area where you can play other players and let ur summons fight they summons.
I use the swordstress puppets and they are super cool  and underrated good  fighting mobs to I've seen aswell when using them kinda squishy alittle but good distractions like u said
The wolves helped out a ton with margit and godrick. Like you said they don’t have very much health but they do a great job of drawing aggro.
You fell for the bait, now you’re exposed as bitch made for using summons
No imps? The imps are really good imo, the bleed damage they do can really help.
Yeah the mage Hughes isnt that good I'm surprised someone went total crazy over him. Hes like a B to me. I really love the little stone dudes they bleed enemies a lot and are great for groups of enemies. I heard the dungeater guy was totally OP so I'm going to get him next. I love Luthel the headless shes a beast. She's handled groups of enemies herself for me.
What Armor set do you have on
I love the Mas Soldiers. As a Faith build, i buff them with regen and attack/defense buffs and watch them go!
i actually got the jellyfish first, however i couldn't summon it. as i found out a half hour later you need to do the story cutscene & you'll get the wolves... so not much point to the jellyfish in my game
