This movie genuinely shook me to my core more than any horror movie I've ever watched
dd
This might not be a movie it might end up being a documentary in the way things are going
05:00  11/9/2025 Do you all feel it in the air now? Feel it in your chest yet?    We've collectively wandered so far away from the proverbial farm (America's founding principals and beliefs) that we can't seem to find our way back home.....     More importantly, we collectively don't seem to be concerned about or acknowledge the simple fact that we've actively been engaged in a cold civil war for the last eight plus years now in the US.....  Be careful of what you ask for...... ~ Si vis pacem, para bellum.
the scene with the white house at the end was cool
Not a very good movie, atleast they got kim jong orange in the end... only way getting him out
What could’ve been a great movie ruined by Obama studios
This movie ass
And look what’s happening right now in America 😮 scripted anyone ??
as a foreigner, i  saw the news and came to see this trailer, i can see the America future in this movies😀 exciting to see that predict is coming👍stupid American never learn
“As soon as DC falls, they’ll turn on each other”
This movie was like eating a sandwich thats wet and in the sun
Coming to a town near you in 2028-2029 ish.
this movie was so boring, if a civil war were to happen (god forbid) i think it’ll look somewhat like the forever purge
Какой прекрасный фильм! Весь мир ждëт, когда же вы воплотите его в жизнь. Мы вам с удовольствием по-аплодируем😎
Democracy is a failed system. Majority of dumb people voting for someone that steals from them for 4 or 8 years. When you vote in a smart person, he or she only has 4 years or 8 years to save what is left. Endless cycle of fail...
Really bad movie. Avoid.
Free Palestine 🇵🇸🍉.
Just saw the movie! Way better than this shitty trailer! You guys have no clue what to do with a teal good movie!
This is where the United States of America 🇺🇸 is heading today, due to the actions and extreme views and unconstitutional actions of its rogue Orange 🍊 Convicted Felon POTUS!!!
Trailer music?
Cailee Spaeny before Alien Romulus
The cinematography was incredible. This isn’t your average war movie but had some of the best & most chilling scenes. It doesn’t touch politics or give any backstory. It lets the characters develop the plot and keeps you engaged right through the ending.   It was very good. One of the best movies I’ve seen in a long time.
The whole piece of shit movie is actually about some journalists traveling in a car and clicking their cams. I skip-watched it.
Soon
The president of this film reminds me of Biff from Back to the Future.
In one scene the journalists are driving to Pittsburgh & come across a road littered with destroyed & abandoned cars. It looks just like a similar scene from the Walking Dead. So much so I wonder if the director stole that scene to use it in this movie. It looks almost identical.
here for the aged like fine milk comments
"In space, no one can hear you scream" - Margaret Thatcher, 1884
Brown Deborah Davis Mark Harris Amy
Movie was dumb asfc the rode around taking pictures the lady dies at the end
This movie is a classic.
One thing I think folks are missing is that if our country descended into Civil War, that would be exactly what the Middle Eastern terrorists have been jonesing for.  We would be so focused on our fighting, we would never see their attacks on American soil coming.   Our Civil War II would not be a private little affair this time.  You can bet the whole world will be watching and taking advantage of every single opportunity that they can get to screw over the United States.   So, you people who want to overthrow the government, or whatever the hell is it that you're not happy about, either get the hell over yourselves and become part of America instead of America's problem.  Your other option is to leave the United States, believe me, no one's going to miss you
Seeing this in IMAX was an Experience 💺
Hernandez Susan Perez William Robinson Kevin
Just spent 5.99 to watch this and i sure do wish i could have my money back
Objectively the worst soundtrack in any movie ever
Damn A24 cant stop making bad movies huh
Only in America would they fight a civil war just because they don't like their democratically elected official.  Blue and Red states wanting to kill each other over nothing.   In the first civil war over slavery that was a cause worth going to war over.  Now Americans want to kill each other because they are butt hurt the person they don't like won.  What a bunch of cry babies in that country.
If call of duty is gonna have a skin of them im gonna freak out
California and Texas seceding from the USA isn’t that far fetched of an idea.   In the movie, the sitting president is in his third term.  That means he’s holding office illegally under the terms of the 22nd amendment.  That means he’s trying to become a dictator for life.  I’m willing to bet there’s enough patriotic citizens in both states that are willing to forget their differences to put the country back on track.  Also, they mentioned The Florida Coalition so it isn’t just California and Texas.
Hernandez Charles Thomas Betty Clark Donna
Bombs 💣 going off everywhere troops all over  Washington DC  death all around, its civil war, but the lights are still on lol Hollywood
Us deserves to make that reality ! In November !
Jackson Mark Anderson Jeffrey Lopez Jennifer
I'm sure it's been said but, if this ever were to happen how long do you think it would take before we were invaded by about 20 or 30 countries at once? No one really likes the U.S..... Russia, China, North Korea, the whole middle East. If this ever happened we're done
Martin Robert Moore Richard Hall Sandra
Tu que ler vai dizer o que esta saber bilbia codex tem codico
Pior esta porta guerra 3 fome Estados unidos Excravos de guerrar iguaterras judeis senhores dono ouroestados unidos pobre vai ficar em merdas
🎉🎉
i wish the movie were actually like the trailer. super misleading
Alguém brasileiro nos comentários ??
DO URSELF A FAVOR AND DONT WASTE UR TIME. Sometimes I wonder why I read the comments to find good reviews. These people who comment suck and this movie sucks ass!!!!!
still nobody is talking about the cali/texas cartel connections? hahahaha
I think we hopefully dodged this bullet two weeks ago. A millimeter of a head turn, saved us from stepping ever closer to real and bitter National Divorce.
Is this foreshadowing for 2025?
"Every time I survived a war-zone, I thought I was sending a warning home. 'Don't do this.' But here we are." - Lee Smith (Kristen Dunst)  These words are becoming more true every day in this election.
Am I wrong to assume that USA is realy close to this scenario today in real life?
Most boring movie I have ever watched in cinema. The action you see in trailer is the only action in the whole movie, my friends fell sleep when watching this movie, most most boring, I totally don’t recommend it
Who is here after trump assaination attempt?     Coincidence?
It is concerning how close we were to this fictional movie becoming reality just yesterday (July 13th 2024).
Georgia and New York City would be a great alliance😂
This movie should of been called  lesbian crush and terrible press decision  A waste of my money nothing to do with civil war
What a waste of money!!! $20 I would rather spend on McDonald’s, considering how bad the food is there, than pay to watch this movie. But someone out there really dreaming about such a scenario, if Trump ever wins the WH
Essa guerra já acantece aqui no Brasil todos os dias 😂
омериганцы, желаю вам того, что вы делали по всеми миру, пусть такое будет у вас. Горите в Аду веки вечные.
That girl just makes trouble always.
That little girl just makes trouble always.
That foolish little girl just makes trouble always.
Podre
Кино на одном дыхании! Мало кто наверное понял, что это завуалированная своевременная аналогия с россиийским режимом современности. Фильм-антиутопия о том, что демократические "силы запада" делают с диктатурой "империи зла". Кино было допущено в российский прокат так скоро, благодаря саботированию или недоразвитости аналитического мышления работников министерства культуры РФ
Capitao 😂😂
Where is Robert E. Lee?
Civa  War 3
Make a sequel
This movie would been a lot of better if they focused on the WF and the the government battles and conflict. Instead it shifted towards the journalist point of views which was completely out there and just seemed fake.
The only good thing about this movie was that chick's ass
Another rare perfect 10 film.
It was a good movie but for anyone who's looking to pay for it expecting huge battle scenes between the Western Forces and corrupt government, it's not that kind of movie. It's a story that follows a few veteran journalist and a younger wannabe journalist journey to the front line in DC to get an interview with the President during a future civil war in the United States. Without giving anything away, the only battle scene is the last 10 to 15 minutes. More of an action/drama. Still worth watching.
Just watched it. It was beautiful and tragic. And a glimpse into the future of America if they keep dividing in extremes like they do. We don't really get any story behind the war really, but it's a good journalist movie I'd say
Interesting idea but I want to know more why about the  loyalist states, western forces, New People's Army, and especially the Florida Alliance 😅. Or maybe a brief history put somewhere in the movie.  Wagner Moura looks great. I was also surprised with the appearance of Jesse Plemons.  But I can't stand the Jessie character! Who even thought of making such a stupid character... The ending also ruined it for me.
Cheer up people, it's not gonna happen in your country 🇺🇲. But in mine🇨🇵
Udah saatnya Indonesia perang saudara kayak gini
Cali would divide into 2 imo cus Northern Cali and SoCo are very different
There will never be another civil war. Too much diversity. America will get race wars before a Civil War.
Starvation will be the impetus that lights the fire under the sheeple but as long as they can circumvent any uncomfortable scenario, they will until it's too late!!! And it's already too late!!! The ballot box is dead and so will be those who believed in it!!!
Reminde me of purge day
This movie sucked so bad
This movie is worse than atrocious
Total and utter crap.
Humanity vs elite interest. Hypocrite from government who teach the world about democracy & human rights.
This is why we need to keep the weirdos out of government and military positions. Long live the USA!
*They're getting us ready...stay armed people!*
Movie sucked save your money
THIS MOVIE SUCKED
Indonesian President Jokowi will one day have a fate like the president in this movie...
I have watched the movie twice and what I got from it was people (reporters) trying to get the money shot in picture to make money and notoriety from a terrible situation. Some of the reasons for this war are stated, three term president, dismissal of the FBI but no answer as to which party holds office. I see this war driven by hate and aggravation from a failing America. Truth and justice are no longer the American way. This movie portrays a cleansing in a brutal fashion, which is what war is. NOW in this country (world) we are closer to nuclear war since the 60's. The sun is acting up and could shut down all electricity for years, and let's not forget about Yellowstone doing it's moaning and groaning with 200 earthquakes in 2 weeks. Twice the activity that is considered normal. The eruption of this volcano would change the climate of the world, and destroy most of America. Most agree that this is not the America we remember growing up in. I believe there are big changes coming and we should be prepared what whatever comes as best we can.  SEMPER FI...
only look cool in the trailer..just the last part of movie is interesting when they attack DC other than that just keep getting question without answer
“The Truth Lies” - Treyarch
This movie was horrible, a complete waste of time.
where did they find this talentless girl?absolutely atrocious flick
This movie sucks. Who’s writing these scripts smh
The most NON WAR film but titled civil WAR.. Stupidest film ever made
For anyone considering watching the movie Civil War. This is my POV: It's trash. It promotes hate speech, discrimination, and violence.  It promotes violence against the POTUS.   The Civil War movie promotes Hate Speech and Violence. The movie crosses several lines by promoting hate speech, discrimination, and explicit violence. It goes as far as to suggest violence against the President of the United States, which is not only irresponsible but also dangerous in our current socio-political climate. Journalists are portrayed unrealistically. Journalists are depicted as heroes facing extreme threats, including being shot on sight if they attempt to enter the White House. This portrayal seems exaggerated and unrealistic, undermining the film's credibility. Negative Portrayal of Military and Police. The US military and police are cast as antagonists. Their representation is unfair and biased. The movie fails to acknowledge the complexities and sacrifices of these professions, instead opting for a simplistic and negative portrayal. Graphic and Disturbing Violence. One of the most disturbing scenes involves an African American being restrained, doused in accelerant, and burned alive. This graphic depiction of violence is not only horrifying but also seems gratuitous and exploitative. Currency and Cultural Missteps. The preference for Canadian currency over US dollars is an absurd and unrealistic detail that further detracts from the film's believability. Additionally, rural Americans are stereotyped as hillbillies engaging in price gouging and hanging civilians, which is both offensive and reductive. Misogynistic Depictions. Male characters in the film are overwhelmingly portrayed as misogynists, which feels like a lazy stereotype rather than any meaningful commentary on the dynamics of male/female psychology. Antifa as Victims. The movie paints Antifa members as victims of a massacre, which again lacks believability and comes off as a one-sided narrative. This portrayal feels like an attempt to push a specific political agenda rather than provide a balanced view. Poor Production Quality. On a technical level, the film is riddled with poorly constructed sets and fake-looking scenes. The low production quality only adds to the overall sense of disbelief and frustration. Overall Civil War comes across as a sick fantasy pandering to a Progressive Liberal agenda. It depicts a dystopian world where civilians form rogue militias to assassinate people of color, ethnic minorities, and non-Americans. The narrative is extreme and disconnected from reality. Civil War is a film that I found to be deeply flawed and problematic. Its promotion of hate, graphic violence, and one-sided political messaging makes it a troubling watch. If you're looking for a balanced and thoughtful film, this is not it.
I hope Alex is making a prequel because that’s the movie we ALL need to watch! How did we get there? We always see films about the end, but rarely about the beginning. This is an important film that is not too far from our reality, but we all need to see how the way we talk & interact with one another can lead us to this point.
This movie, although would probably represent what would happen in a civil war, had one major flaw. The media who was glorified in this movie would most likely not be given a bye by either side. They are in fact why this country is divided in the first place.
I just watched this, and wow - what a shit movie. Did not like it at all as it just did not come across as believable in any way.
There's no way anyone would except California into anything.
Leftist propaganda through their hard left puppets in Hollywood. We see right through your BS
terrible
Garbage movie! Moreover hated that little girl more than Arturo 👎
California and Texas will never align that way.  I can see CA OR and WA doing an alliance.  Good riddance I say to those 3!
Well, this seems helpful.  Just what we needed right at the right time.  WTF people.. we are all in this boat together, stronger united.. its ok to disagree and still recognize we have more in common than we do different.  Don't let the powers that be, the ones that want to see us tear ourselves apart, win.
The purge civil war
Looks cheap
The funny thing is that the ultranationalist solider that Jesse Plemons was playing is far more like a solider from Texas rather than a soldier who fight for Washington DC.
GOD BLESS USA 🇺🇸
Last scene is propably some trumpist who is trying this new bazzooka before ebay got itself shutdown. :)
Another purge basically
Brought to you by the GOP & tRump.
this movie just turned out to be leftist propaganda glorifying journalism and communism taking over the United States
Wagner Moura the best.
O Brasil tá em todo lugar
Usa  Cons: 1:lie about money 2:Lie about sex traffaking  3:get rid of middle class 4:corruption  5:take away humans constitution rights. 6:more racism  7: lies and more truthfull lies    Pros +  1:YOU'RE PEOPLE HAD ENOUGH OF THEIR 💩
If there were a civil war in America, it certainly wouldn’t be this. It’d look more like something out of Northern Ireland. Still no good, but not the nation crippling war shown in this trailer. People don’t realize just how much would need to go wrong for a civil war to pop off. We don’t have religious factions fighting over ancient times BS. We have checks and balances that keep totalitarian ideals in check. We have a robust economy (even at the moment). The movie is an interesting take on things, but it’s simply nothing more than a hypothetical that won’t happen now or anytime soon.
Coming to a town near you!!!
Capitão Nascimento foi da uma ajuda pros gringo.
I don't know, but this movie sounds and look so familiar to me in present times:  A President that managed to stay in power for a third term illegally  and becomes a fascist.  That governs like a dictator, and uses the military on other Americans. 🤔🤔🤔😐😐😐
I highly recommend this movie.  Set your skepticism aside.  It honors the journalists who cover war.  It is a great movie.
Why am I hard rn?
Anyone noticed the deadly sniper with the colorful nail polish? some scary stuff right there 😱
A24 means (America Situation in 2024)
Texas will flip blue in a decade not sure why people think this is impossible.
If states want to leave, I wouldn't necessarily try and stop them. If Texas , Oklahoma, Kansas ,South Dakota and North Dakota left they might entice  entice Alberta and Saskatchewan to join in because they would have access to a warm water port. Wyoming and Montana might join up to.
If the crazy animal Trump loses the election, then this monster will start a "civil war" 😡😠.
It wouldn't be calling for a civil war ! it would be a succession, which Texas has the right to. Look up your history
Always remember this is the future the RepubliKKKans want.
Free Palestine
0:29 what is this woke cringe shit
Most fakest thing about this is them reaching DC if it starts where it did. With our Military as strong as it is now they won’t pass VA and Idk if VA seceded but if not they would not get that far up
Ah, election year.
I’m ready to defend my country 🫡
Are those people camping in the football yard, Palestinian protestors?
Communist  propaganda.
@spacejunk9878 you should tell this to Obama and the democrats that funded and produced this propaganda piece of junk it's only purpose is to cause more conflicts more separation between Republicans and democrats more separation between races thus movie does nothing positive for anyone it only helps fuel the many problems in society right now and I can say as someone who listens to Tim pool that his fans do not want a civil war at all that is absolutely propaganda and a smear campaign and its obviously working because you seem to think Tim pool fans are wanting a civil war... we need to be coming together stop letting political parties cause so much division between everyday people that would literally have no reason to be arguing or fighting it has been proven time and time again through numerous case studies republican and democrats agree on almost all topics when you don't involve political parties or any kind of partisan b.s when wording or describing the issues
vai subir ninguem
Just finished watching it and i was speechless. Was way better than i expected. The use of sound & visuals was amazing.
Every Democrats wet dream after the next election. This movie is an attempt to normalize this. Unacceptable.
This is china and russia wetdream
I don't want to see our country.Have a civil war but either way this generation is surely the most ill prepared for a civil war.
This was the most misleading movie EVER. It was an aimless group of shots and scenes made out to be about a civil war with ZERO detail of who what when where or why… It had ZERO plot, ZERO climax, and now I have zero interest in any further A24 films. lol I’m not joking this “film” was garbage.
based on true story?
I think that the Director Alex Garland probably took some of his Civil War map of the USA from the KGB Analyst Igor Panarin (spellling) who in 1998 predicted that the USA would collapse and break into 6 regions; I think it was the west, south, north and east ; Hawaii would go to Japan or the PRC and Alaska would go to Russia;  see the Atlantic magazine article from 2010 (it has a map of the six regions that the USA would allegedly break into.  the map seems somewhat similar to what Garland did in the film; Apparently, the KGB analyst was not a fringe figure in the KGB but well regarded and was the Dean of the Soviet Foreign Ministry's league of future diplomats.  However, if you simply read Niall Ferguson (UK historian on finance and collapse of empires globally over the past 4000 years); you can see that the USA is going bankrupt financially like the Soviet Empire and the Roman Empire and dozens of other empires over the past 4000 years.  According to Ferguson, when the debt servicing (annual interest on an empire's national debt) exceeds its annual military budget then the collapse is pretty swift after that inflexion (spelling) point.  (The Atlantic Magazine map of USA collapse into 6 regions).  History always repeats itself; our politicians of our great republic, the USA, simply are ignorant of history and believe that it somehow does not apply to the USA and that basic economics and basic finance does not apply to the U.S. dollar and/or the U.S. national debt.  too bad they can not go back in a time machine and speak to the Romans during the Third Century Crisis A.D. or the last Emperors of the Tang Dynasty in imperial China during that horrific civil war; or the various factions of the Weimar Republic as they fought in the streets and the German economy collapsed from currency depreciation and hyperinflation etc. etc. Map of the Day: Ex-KGB Analyst Predicts Balkanization of U.S. By Patrick Ottenhoff June 29, 2010
You know that Hollywood always anunce in movies what is coming next. So…be prepared folks 🙏
I can't belive thinking about if USA has Civil War, it will looks like 2 nations with nuclear power fighting each other.
Let's be honest... We all know that a civil war would involve the morally bankrupt MAGA morons vs democracy.
Horrible acting shitty movie!! waste of 50 million to produce this garbage
I couldn't finish the movie, I watched the first 20 mins and left.. it was too much for me.. however! I believe it is a good movie for everyone to watch if they aren't sensitive like me 😅
I hate every last person who makes movie & tv show trailers in the 2020s. They're garbage.
This is straight-up conservative  porn.
They’re preparing us for something
I’ll keep posting same message all over everything on the internet about this movie, keep removing my post, glad it gotchya! 😂😂😂
This was the worst movie I have ever seen. If anyone is reading this please save your money. I am deeply offended at how horrible this movie was. The trailer and movie description are completely off, nothing in the movie is believable, There is no plot, the story has nothing but holes and the acting is atrocious.
If USA will go civil war for real this world is doomed.
Moura is an extreme leftist, just because of that i will never see this movie.
One World Order movie brought to you proudly by the U.N. WEF, W.H.O.
Moral of the story. Never take anyone under your wing.
Wagner Moura ❤
Cine !! real puto Cine !!! Wooooowwww
Seal team 6 vs meal team 6
We of the Florida Alliance will not be coming back. What a good movie
Sou o comentário brasileiro q vc procurava! Vagner Moura é sensacional.
Thank goodness there are enough governmental checks and balances in place to prevent this from ever occurring...
Anyone remember signaling 9/11 in cartoons?
Pra mim, o filme é uma  critica å imprensa que toma partido e não informa por** nenhuma. Vi e vou rever
Trump 2024 🇺🇸
Cpt. Nascimento porra!!
😂 y'all being farmed! Ready for the election. Is that American enough for you?  I hear so many Yanks say they have travelled... around America 😂😂 broaden your lense beyond "movies" and create something new. It is priming you for Trump!!😂😂 Do you ever think about children in Ethiopia? The stars and space? Do you know I live where there are hardly any guns, no wars, and I spend my time walking around at night and lying on the beach, never thinking about America.😂😂
This movie sucks afro-american's balls.
Bad trailer. The first few words are frankenbites and hard to understand the immediate premise of who the prez opposes
Orgulhosa do nosso Wagner Moura! proud of our Wagner Moura!
War is for pigs.
Leftist wet dream...propaganda.
Predictive programming is strong in this film. All they want is to program our behavior in the midst of the war that is to come. God have mercy on us all.
TRUMP 2024
This movie is Kin Jon Un and Putin's dream movie ever released in the US... dream movie by every US enemy... I don't even know what to take from the movie other than think who's paying Hollywood? 🤔🧐
I saw this movie, and while it was much, idk, different then this trailer portrayed it was a decent enough film for one interpretation of what may ultimately happen, since we will not ultimately truly know what the Second American Civil War will be like should it happen. A24 is an amazing film company.
Amazing how in every scene I was looking for another country's military or aliens, so a war movie taking place in  US soil could make sense. This is a first-ever approach in cinema
Should have made a series
Muito bom ver o brasileiro Wagner Moura fazendo sucesso nos EUA.
Dumb and it would never happen no one has the balls to do it.
Was a very good movie but it seemed a little too realistic, like those movies that predict the future
where was the gnr song lmao
A civil war in the USA would mean China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea have won. China and Russia would be the new leading world powers, as the US descended further into chaos.
Confederates and nazis got there asses kicked, and the magas will too.
If there’s no racial component to this film then it was a wasted opportunity. Any civil war in the USA will be among European American and non-European Americans, Republicans and Democrats.
Yeah right I’m sure they will throw a few strong women in there ,and Texas and California alliance ? Ha ha …If there was a civil war - it be liberal and woke  zombies against real American conservatives- and our doubt the the woke liberal crowd would be much in a fight outside texts and safe spaces
well I saw civil war and it's a regular movie 5/10
Waste of money. It was such an awful movie.
This is coming  soon , whatever  is in the movie  is preparing  for what coming  on this election  will be mess ! Biden will  rigged again
Trailer fraco, principalmente pelo soldade de unha pintada 😅
Texas wouldn’t side with California. No state would side with California.
I seen it last night and it sucks
Leftist Commies SICK Fantacy
Just watched it this night, apart from the teenage phone zombies who couldn’t keep their eyes off the mobile phones and their fidgeting. The movie was good. Some good jump scares, the ending I felt was a bit off. Was a bit lost on how to identify the two sides
Ben Texas ve Florida olsam Direk bağımsızlık ilan ederdim. Bütün ABD nin yükünü bu eyaletler çekiyor.
Ppl butt hurt over Cali and Texas teaming up are brain rotted
By far the DUMBEST MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!! *Do Not Watch It!*
Wow, with the try hard release of the pathetic movie “leave the world behind”, that makes two awful attempts at psy-ops movies from Hollywood in a 6 mo. span. Gee, I wonder what they are up to…..
Just watched CIVIL WAR the movie… 🍿   Review “DONT FUCKEN WATCH !!!”  After a long spell without many decent action movies, was looking forward to a grand action film. And civil war had the potential for it.   It is like looking forward to a really nice juicy meaty hamburger meal after a long while. And you get there excited and what is served ??  A fucking brown mashed together slob of goo. Called a veggie Pattie. Tasting of … well tasteless shit. And buns of cardboard. Plus fries made of Radish !!!  This movie was NOT A freaking action movie. Not even a good movie.   Alex Garland. Director Kirsten Dunst. Actress.   Never will watch anything with these people in a film —  for anything close to half decent.   Why ??  It reeeked like a Try-hard Art film. Some scenes with stupid music. Some scenes shot in silence. Others in slow motion ~ as if to draw the viewer into the scene, see the action or notice the beauty of the moment… well none of it was good !!! As each time it was soooo fucken obvious like a try-hard-art effort. It was sooo drowned out. Until you ask. Are they reallyyyyyyyy trying to be cultural and smart ??? Right in the middle of the loooong drawn out scene…  And the story ?? Hardly any back story or story about the overall film. But we keep getting stupid journalist and their never really told back story asked a few times In the film. Who never actually tells you shit. But that their parents are sitting in a farm.   Oh yes. That’s why you decided to be a war journalist running to the front lines.   I don’t know about war journalist but it was fake enough to ask if reaaaly journalist advance with the first team that’s still shooting in the advance of the advance line = TOTAL BULL SHIT.   Imagine the lead team of the entire freaking army. Advancing at the pinnacle. And right next to them. These journalist. Shooting film as bullets are flying. Many times without cover. But oh yes. They won’t die ??  And some parts are just stuuuupid. Like hello. Would an Asian journalist from Hong Kong fucking freeze up when he sees his colleague shot dead ??    If they made it to USA. If they are a seasoned journalist, if they are Asian and seen Chinese violence.   Then this same Asian journalist is asked “where are you from…”   Being damn obvious that if you even answered “New York” …   you would be killed…  So he answers “ Hong Kong !!??? “… whose that stuuupid ?? And baaam of course his shot.   Who’s that stupid ??  Yes = the writer, director and actors who portrayed that scene… they must be that stupid to believe it was real enough.   No Asian in their right mind would be that stupid.   This movie marked the total down fall of western quality film.   It was so bad. That I thought even shitty Netflix could’ve been more satisfying than paying money for shit like this.   Made me even seriously doubt whether to go to movies ever again. Are they making such useless shit again and again ??  EnTERtainment ??? Nooooo it’s fucking cultural art shit, with no basic story telling. No decent brainless action.   Oh yes. The main war expert journalist who’s survived all sorts of shit overseas in African continent it seems. Who actually said that the young new journalist could be dead by shooting.   The experienced journalist, herself in the end jumps in front of the frenzied shooting. Whilst the said advance team was still shooting out.   Whilst it’s raining bullets left right and center, like crazy to then jump in the middle to push said young journalist to the ground. Who has only fucked up at every chance. So why not stand in the middle of a shoot out to take a photo ????   This experienced ?? Photographer after pushing the young one away only  to herself stand up. Stare at the young girl and let herself be shot. Fucking annoyingly bad writing   This was ABSOLUTE SHIT !!!!💩   Don’t waste your money.   Yes there was shooting and explosions and shit. Like 5% in between everything arty farty and it was more like documentary action scenes. Booooooriiiiiing
Yup looks like a civil war to me.
This film must be a campaign by socialist-communists allied with Biden against Trump. The same as what the media did in Brazil against Bolsonaro. The corrupt structure does not want a patriotic government.
Esse filme deve ser uma campanha  dos socialistas-comunistas aliados de Biden contra Trump. O mesmo que a mídia fez no Brasil contra Bolsonaro. A estrutura corrupta não quer um governo patriota.
The crazy martyrs will not allow anyone to survive. They will nuke the planet.
Divided we will fall.
Commence operation hunt the blue hairs
Wagner Moura 🇧🇷.. great actor !
Wagner Moura 🇧🇷
Uno dei film più belli che io abbia mai visto.
Wagner Moura ❤
This is a joke.  The war would obviously be between the Democrats/Deep State vs. the people.  That's what it would be.
Exactly what this country needs, this generation has gotten too comfortable.
We don’t need aliens attacking Earth / USA. We are doing it fine all on our own. We have made the world uninhabitable to future inhabitants and the MAGA militias are frothing at the mouth at the idea of civil war.
So many rightwingers in the comments talking about how they'd "totally win" because they think they are the only ones with guns and the training to use them.  1. No, you aren't the only ones with guns, that's your own lack of object permanence that makes you think we're unarmed because we don't bring emotional-support ARs every time we go to KFC like you do.  2. You better HOPE you're not the only ones armed in this conflict because win or lose you're going to get absolutely wrecked by all the sadistically designed weapons people will make when guns aren't an option. When you're pulling IED shrapnel coated in liquefied ghost peppers out of your ass you're gonna wish you'd caught a bullet instead.  3. Who exactly has the MOST weaponry? The US military. Who will the military back up? Probably not the guys who started the war. And who started the war? Well it's anyone's guess, but I'm pretty sure it isn't gonna be the side that at worst knocks over a garbage can when they lose an election.
Filme horrível
Sign me up for team Trump.
I got just a wonderfully great laugh upon hearing "Texas" and "California" were aligned during this trailer. Ahhh yes, a good hardy laugh from that one there.....ohhh my! 😂
As much as we hate each other's beliefs, were better off fighting in a voting booth and bashing each other in tweets that on a battle field. None of us would prosper in that kind of disruption.
So I seen it today. Basically the left is the good guys taking down the big bad right president. If a civil war ever broke out this is actually the complete opposite of what would happen.
I'm sorry but this will be shockingly SHIT
The Last chance, Maga moab wont accept defeat.
actually love to see a well done original civil war movie -
it will get high rating in middles east lol
Americans are scared by this movie because they are used to seeing their troops invading other countries and not their own country
Bismarck Yamato
why would i want to see this in theaters, this looks like rooster teeth's day 5 from a decade ago
The movie is great. I saw it yesterday with three friends. It's not even about what you think. It's about a rogue dictator and federal government. It's about patriots left and right coming together to fight for everyone's freedom. The comments I've seen are of people who haven't seen it but I guess they are paid off by Hollywood to limit success of smaller film companies.
the whistling kind of ruins this for me.
Nothing is 100% american - Not even 50 or 30
The movie makes journalists look like they are journalists. Unrealistic!!!
This would never happen in our country.  Active duty military would analalate weekend warriors from 3 states. Air power rules the day. The federal government controls the skies. Say hello to thousands of cruise missiles courtesy of the federal government.
Descent is a tool of tyranny
Woke vs boomers
Please God don’t let them make a civil war look romantic! If there ever is another civil war in the US it will be caused by Trump’s goons and egged on by Putin’s troll farms. It won’t last long, just long enough to weaken America in the eyes of the world.
I just seen this B.S I wasn’t sure if I wanted to vote Trump. No question now I’m voting trump. The amount of evilness they are doing to this man from the elites will not be tolerated.  At the end the president they kill looks just like Trump, and the people or military that did was from the western side of America meaning Cali. 😂 OK
Illegal immigration War
All Hell has Literally broken loose and has brought America to it's knees!
What’s so civil about war anyway?
Jessie caused two deaths
Granted, it was a good movie…but it didn’t show enough to be called “Civil War”…there was no how it started and why, no real ending to it…but I do believe the gun fights that were portrayed, was a message from the screen writer, director, and producer, as a warning to this is what will happen if you don’t stop trying to control our lives…the last civil war we lost a combined 600k-1 million lives…this go round, will be more along the lines of 6 million-500 million…
The Cali/Texas alliance makes no sense narratively (it’s throwing the whole movie off for me) lol
What a waste of time. The movie is trolling.
If Trump wins, he will become an authoritarian.  He has said it many times in his own words.
I find it hard to believe this is entertainment now? Who would want to live through this?
Remember our election is in November. This could happen in the blink of an eye to America if people don’t wake up!
It's a good idea, I hope this becomes real 🙄
Father God Loves You so Much ❤️ Please Let me Know if You Want to talk about Kingdom of God💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐
Just watched this and was very disappointed. They should rename the movie to “The War Journalists”
Photo journalist? In the 21st century? Try videograpghers. One of many mistakes this political movie makes. Huge fail.
Worst movie ever made
There are Americans , and there are people who just live in America .   This is inevitable..
I saw the movie this weekend. In my opinion it wasn't that good as it started out with no real story line leading up to what, how, when or why. The movie just started in the middle of the end of a War with a journalist wanting to get to the US President to ask him how he felt about using F-15's against Americans. I suspect the President was supposedly democrat considering ole Joe is the only President who has ever made mention of F-15's being used against Americans. The best I can put together, it was the West consisting of Texas and California with the support of 19 other seceded States up against a tyrannical US Government Federal Military. The independent journalist documented the War and was at risk of being killed by the US Government. Some civilians chose sides and fought for their side while the majority of the population just continued their daily lives outside of the War torn areas. It simply ended with the President being captured and asked for a last statement before he was put to death. The movie should've been called The Revolutionary War not Civil War.
A paranóia americana, mais uma vez, sendo colocada em cena.
This movie sucked, lacked backstory, filled w real life violence.  It's a wanabe purge.
How long until “from sea to shining sea” is treated like “from the river to the sea”
Wagner Moura ❤️🇧🇷
It sucked!  Liberal news gave it 5 stars. 😒
Wagner Moura é pica
The lack of diversity in the trailer and the inclusion of stereotypical white characters are major turn-offs for me. It seems like a typical Hollywood approach, and I am not interested in supporting such movies. A city like that should have more representation and it's disappointing to see such a lack of authenticity. Thumbs 👎
Yes man !
Movie was straight up trash written by an idiot
Jan 6 vibes
Spoilers . . . . . . . .  This was... okay. Beautiful cinematography. Premise is cool. Storyline could be better. The trailer pretty much shows you some completely different movie. Sure, these clips show up, but the story is about war photographers traveling (driving) from New York to Washington DC so they can interview the president. It is about their journey along the way. This trailer completely misdirects the audience. And you don't see america "from sea to shining sea." The civil wars from coast to coast, but that's pretty much it. Also, texas and california being allies has not much to do with the film except just extra info about the war. And it's when the completely different coast from texas to california period it takes place on the eastern coast the entire movie. And we barely learn any information about how the war was started as it is except for a few comments about the president. It's an apolitical film.  In an artsy light, I could understand that a photographer's job is to be nonpolitical. However, when they're not on the job around soldiers, they could talk to one another so the audience could get a better idea of what's going on? Maybe it's just supposed to be raw experiences of the journey? It's definitely an interesting film. But i'm not really exactly sure how to even feel about it.
Very disappointing!
Just imagine the huge rush for toilet roll😳😲😊
Parabéns Vagner moura
This is what happens when everything you buy is for a cheaper price from another country
Gavin Newsom as president. This a nonsense movie. there were no junkies. And the media was impartial... Utter pi55
It is easy to have a civil war  once they had one before
I do believe this is a warning to Texas & Florida.  USA Leader WILL use the U.S. military against its own ppl. 😮
Florida alliance my foot😂😂
Ya know its funny I see America under the control of trump when i watch this
Ngl if some sort of a civil war happens this time it should be the people vs big government, federal reserve and not paying taxes thru the irs the average citizen all feels the same
Looks Amazing, I wanna see this movie!!! From the director of Ex-Machina and a Great cast!!✌🖖🇧🇷
So disappointed in you A24 and this cringey corny ending. Just awful I wasted time watching this and you hyped me up with this trailer
Terrible movie
This is an absolute shyt movie. It truly sucks dont waste your time. Your welcome
This movie was actually terrible
The picture is smooth and blurry. It's weird. Looks like sora made it.
I just saw it and it’s ok. The dialogue is tedious and the movie jumps from scene to scene.  It 90 minutes of reporters looking sad, angry, depressed, happy and exhausted with some violence thrown in .
It’s despicable for those of us who know the truth about Hollywood and it’s predictive programming that this is what they choose to green light.
mmmmm, no lo se
stupid people keep claiming this movie doesnt pick a side dam your stupid the bad guys in this movie are white guys with a Christian cross and the press representing the other side had a lesbian journalist my goodness you people are blind even the  bad guy killed a guy just because he was Chinese I clearly see what side this movie plays
reminds me of bushwick movie
Horrible movie with zero context
This movie SUCKSSSSSS can’t believe how big of a disappointment it was……fkn horrible
Is this a prelude of what’s to come? at the rate society is eroding.
*Taxes war*
Where have I heard this before?   Oh! That's right! The Manson Family. Got it! 🤫🙄
Scenele  de film ireale: pădurea  arzând, groapa comună din care iese Jesse. Wow!! Genial.
Comunista Wagner Moura 🤮🤢
Damn, saw it last night!   See it in IMAX!   3RD act is fucking hardcore! Wasnt expecting to love it this much!
Why do you think safe prescriptions were dried up but to kill Americans with fentanyl!   People in pain can't even get prescriptions.  We've been in a civil war.  They use drugs as a weapon.
To all the keypad warriors saying “I wish (for this to happen)”, imagine no internet, no electricity.  Have you even thought it through? Woe to those who say “the Day of the Lord.”
Absolute shit movie. Very disappointed.
The people watching this crap and hoping for it is what’s actually wrong with society today.   Has anyone served our country that’s commenting on this thread? If so, why would anyone want to support such a film. This isn’t fiction. This can happen with our current administration pushing their agendas.   Truly unreal
Привет, hi
COMING SOON TO A CITY NEAR YOU
American culture is in veritable decline, but that's expectable when you turn capitalism into an ideology and take individualism and materialism to their extreme. It's happening both in the left and the right. The right may be more dangerous, but the left is almost equally guilty.
Don’t watch in theaters just wait later till it comes out not worth it…they trying to kill the president they kill him at the end he’s hiding under his desk
Watched it last night. One of the best movies I've seen in years! Brilliant directing, acting, cinematography, will have a long lasting impression on me for a long time in. Plus the soundtracks rocks!
Movie was boring
Wait until its free on netflix, that is where it belongs.
God willing it becomes true
Don't waste your money.  Movies it's 1 hours bore only the 10 minutes are good . The plot it's horrible. U just follow the press around. 😂😂😂😂
Huff Po hates this movie.  They  literally wanted a Trump lookalike as the President and they're very disappointed about it.  😂
The left wing news media is not liking this film. It's not the film they wanted.  The director has indeed succeeded in keeping it apolitical.
Dooms Day prepper
Movie totally sucked
Spoilers ahead* This movie is simply a poor execution that will keep bringing people to theatres because it has good cinematography and sound FX. That’s about it. There’s no plot whatsoever, and it’s filled with ridiculous scenes. What’s with the “happy town” where the  locals simply “choose” not be part of the war? And the stadium scenes are a total ripoff of the Last of Us 2. We never get to know why there’s a war, and why on earth would the Press still want anything to do with journalism when no one cares about anything else but surviving?  If you’re gonna make a movie about the importance of the press, then a least have the decency of letting your audience know that there’s a story to tell. This film felt like a group of (sometimes annoying) people, driving around chasing Pokémons to try to get a picture. It just doesn’t make sense. And whoever did the music score had terrible taste. The music is pretentious and really “in your face”… it reminded me of Dunkirk, where there’s just loud “music” or ominous sounds just because. Music should accompany the cinematic elements and help immerse you in the story, not completely keep you from enjoying what you’re watching. Yes, it has some good action scenes, but it gets repetitive and frankly boring. No plot + senseless and pretentious music + decent acting at best = a very mediocre movie. I was really disappointed.
This shit writes itself
Gringos  locos 😂
Just saw it - movie title should be “Press”  I was so excited; purchased my ticket a while back. First hour or so is pure silence and shots of press in cars. So boring. Main actors are POCs and white liberal woman.   The movie  is what I thought - white men are evil and the movie is full of POC killing the evil white man. In fact, very few white men. In fact, the leader of a WF special ops group is a black female. Just a DEI, leftist movie.   Have zero interest in seeing it a second time. Liberal propaganda.
Best Movie I’ve Ever Seen. Even better than AirBud and Every Ernest movie….Except Ernest Halloween.
This movie was terrible! This trailer is so misleading. The film is about a group of photographers going around takimg photos! The action scenes in this trailer is all the action there is. They gove no backstory on how the war started. Should have been a straight to dvd film!
I just saw it and did not watch any trailers beforehand. It scared the crap out of me. Very intense.
Jus went and watched this movie. It’s just a photography war movie. Long and boring, definitely got baited
I wish someone told me this wasn't a war movie. it's just another bait and switch
This brings new meaning to storming the capitol 😢
Movie sucks
Horrible: This is the worst movie I have ever seen! 10/10 do not recommend! It was a complete different movie than what the trailer showed.
Movie was loud asf my ears hurt now ..but need to happen to brandon ...everyone was joining in say fjb lol that was hilarious
Movie wasn't even good.
Decent Americans see this as a warning. MAGAts see it as porn.
Yeah, Texas hand in hand with California… ha ha ha!
The funny part is if Texas goes, so will Oklahoma.
A Putin/Maga wet dream. 😢
Do not waste your money. This movie is horrible.  It’s not what u think.  Boring.  Long. Horrible 🤢
Movies like this at this time aren't  helping matters...just IMHO  😞
We need TRUMP !!!!! 🇺🇸
I pray another civil war never happens. There are no benefits to a war. This country will be destroyed and will lose all power. Maybe  China will then become the leader of the world at that time.   A lot of other nations hate the US they would be overjoyed to see our demise. 😢
Honestly believe this is where we are heading . After these elections
Armchair quarterbacks imagination of a ‘civil war’.
This is the America of Donald Trump. Just you wait, war is coming if you elect him.
Good movie and worth watching in imax
Remember this is Putin’s dream.
I would be so disappointed if I went to this expecting Geberal Lee and them.
In the words of Akon, playing with death is bad for your health.
Strange movie. 🤔
Lame movie
It's Cathartic Art. Brilliant!
Suspense. Intrigued. But gut reaction: let's get it out. Catharsis Art is for reason.
I'm tired of all this civil war propaganda. It's like they're trying to push us towards entertaining the idea.
90%+ area of CA are Hardcore God, Guns, Family & America Loving True Blue Citizens of the US. The cities are the rot gut sewers that destroyed CA. Th e rural areas are the ones that would join to other throw a tyrannical govt which was poorly stated in this movie.
😂 ах скорее бы там всё так случилось как в этом фильме🎉 Как надоела эта страна США. Грязь, враньё ,наркотики, игры, кино, проституция и оружие. Скорейшей кончины США. 😅
Texas: “The south shall rise again!” California: “Holdup, lemme join!” Everyone: “dafuq?”
I saw this movie, a big fan of A24 productions, and this type of film genre. This was such a disappointment. Extremely narrow perspectives throughout the plot, very little context, characters were flat out stupid (why wouldn’t they, as press, wear the bare minimum protection like a vest..the other members of the press were the whole time). The movie is riddled with things you have to look over to enjoy it. At the same time, it’s an accurate depiction of what’s happening in the real world right now. Obviously not in a literal context but the violence is evident right now for sure. Overall, not a bad movie..just extremely misleading. Also no one asked I’m just bored lol. Trump 2024
Looks like what biden is going to be doing to his people soon
I just seen it, it was good enough but the ending could have been much better.
Looks good but this makes me scared
A camo Glllie suit and camo hair color. - matchy matchy.
Holy crap!! They made a movie about January 6th, 2025!!??? 😮
The civil war and uprising is much closer than people realize.
What kind of American are you? — Latino !
This movie sucked! Nothing like the trailer, it's about a journalist taking pictures. Don't waste your money!
Where's Godzilla when you need him?
‭Matthew 12:25 NKJV‬ [25] But Jesus knew their thoughts, and said to them: “Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation, and every city or house divided against itself will not stand.
Obama's master plan on film...  Everything he's done is to bring down the USA using division, hate & trickery
The ending was so lame and rushed
Who is to blame for  starting a Civil War? Donald Chump !
0:27 What's with this dudes rainbow colored fingernails ? Is this some sort of lgbbq++# secret agenda ?
I knew this was going to be some brainwashed leftist politically biased nonsense of a movie.😂
It's crazy that they make a movie about this known what's going on with the republicans and Donald Trump and what they trying to do to America
This movie was a 50 million dollar trash bag.
Gives apocalypse now vibes
Planting the seed….
Not a movie , it’s a preview of what’s to come 😂
OMG this movie was such trash! The biggest disappointment so far this year. There was literally no set-up to explain why a civil war was even occurring. In summation, the movie was really about some 15 yr old kid becoming a war photographer. So eff'ing lame! Saw this movie w/ seven other friends. We all left with the exact same impression... trash!
What scary is that we’re not that far from this actually happening
Came here to tell people to watch this movie. I just watched it in imax and was one of the best experiences in film I have had in a long time. Beautiful direction and cinematography and the writing is so amazing and tense the movie will have you so invested and has one of the best endings to a war film. If you can see it in IMAX the sounds design is amazing I’m this movie every gunshot feels real and every action scene has you on the edge of your seat. PLEASE go see this masterpiece
One of the greatest films I've ever seen
This made me emotional. Thank God I'm 52, the uncertainty of our futures is real.
Who is tired of Melanated (Black) people being the first sacrifices/most violent deaths in movies just like horror old movies?   Like if you agree and comment if you disagree.
Reminds me of the purge
What a piece of crap movie not even bother to spend a penny in the movie theater
Looks like a crappy 1980’s low budget movie. I’m surprised it made it to the theater.
Odds are good we might overthrow the government that's not the same as a civil war highly unlikely a civil war would occur
The movie was really good, im actually impressed
Kirsten - I miss the part where that’s my problem….
Will trans be able to fight? Asking for the losing side….
Can’t wait ❤️❤️❤️
absolutely implausible
REPENT AND FOLLOW JESUS CHRIST!!! THE TIME IS NOW!!! DO IT NOW!!! THE END IS NEAR!!!
There's a reason California and Texas are allies in the movie. If they weren't, it would inflame tensions more than they already are. California already lives rent free in every Texan's head 😂
The US turning on itself is awful for them but of net benefit for the world. Might have a shot at peace without their evil foreign policy.
This movie was one of the most generic and absurd movies to come out in modern times. Absolutely made no sense, smh ,they used the title and it's hype to get sales.
They're preparing us
Great movie. Just scary to think that we’re not too far off of something like this happening
This movie was awesome
this movie was not a good movie to me. I’ll give it one and a half stars.
I can't wait! I may even watch the movie.
well kids i don't know what this a24 means that you all seem to like because i was born in the 70's and we aren't lazy you know these days they call it  kfc we call it Kentucky Fried Chicken but yes i could see this movie happening in real life but the lazy people of this country will allow the hard wired determined hard working minds of another destroy everything the great military and leaders before my time made for us
This movie was really boring I expected better to be honest I haven't gone to a movie theater in 8+ years and I went today because I had faith but nah man I got robbed lol
This movie was awful! The storyline made no sense whatsoever!
Wake up people this is a message for what coming get prepared
If there ever is another War in America,God forbid,it won't be a Civil War it will be a "Revolution" North and South will be united as one against the enemies within America that are determined to destroy her from within.
Very sad that art is showing us what life could be like here if all hell breaks loose.
Was a very good movie went and seen it today.
California and Texas would become the Super powers
I thought it was a comedy movie. CA-TX alliance…… hahaha
Looks like a stinker.
Awful film. Don’t waste your time. The ending felt like they ran out of budget.
Why would they even make this...there is a group of people who will use this as a blueprint. 😢
I don't know what point this movie is making but it's images are disturbing and being aired during what is an Election Year when it is understood that our constitutional laws and rights are being diminished.
The far right already attacking the movie because it provokes the watcher to think and ask the question, is this me?
Nothing but propaganda. Texas has the right to suceeed. Would not be treason.
Democrats love civil war . That's why they made this movie and that's why they started the first American civil war
Texas would never align with California
Blatant rip off of the book Meindulce Project on Kindle smh
I would never want to see a Civil War  Can't we just do a nice friendly Divorce?
This may very well be a reality very soon with how things are going in USA currently.
If someone is just really hungry for war go take your toys to Ukraine and play.
The DTA ...or The Divided Tribes of America 🇺🇲🇺🇸
what sniper got painted nails?
Another dumb movie from America. Legally people can only have guns, explosives are illegal. Military will have superior weapon, superior resonance, complete air superiority, short-medium-long range missiles, armored vehicle and list goes on. Normal people with just guns, bionocular, some drones can do nothing
Don't waste your time
Obama made this film.  Trash
Politicians may want to fight, but I don’t believe soldiers would turn on each other, no matter the state.
Scary
The whistling was so cringey and stupid
Alex Garland should be used much more prominently in the marketing of this
Just watched. This movie sucked
I dont believe it would be a nort against south or east. It would be within the states. Why, for what. We are free, Things need to get better, fighting each other.tragic
Looks dumb - no plot evident in the trailer. No interest in a civil war movie depicting the destruction of our monuments. Everyone involved in this project should be embarrassed when they walk among Americans.
I heard someone talking about if a civil war broke out today it wouldn't be states against states but cities against rural communities. To me that make sense. God forbid it ever happening! That seems to be they way we are divided. If you look at voting patterns to see where the biggest fissures are. But I will watch movie interesting CA and TX deciding to leave. I actually think Texas is allowed to by its state constitution.
Whose Brilliant idea was this🙄
Gay
Alex garland stated that the unification of CA and TX is to obfuscate the real life politics and to make a scenario where if there was a legit constitutional crisis in the country that the states would have put aside their differences for the greater good
this reminds me of that captain america movie
This civil war is being fought with keyboards... but the rebellion might not be...
Watch this movie yesterday and I thought it was boring
Is a future documentary😉
what a bore, another hollywood anti trump far left propaganda piece
But the reality is the people who would rise up against the administration that is the republicans in this movie, won’t be for Americas values. Sorry but the new government that will take place after the movie will be a dictatorship.
Ok I’ll say this. The democrats are trying to start this and will continue to make decides in America because it serves their best interests. This movie is the dumbest depiction of why ever. Look up an older movie the second civil war for a better example of a civil war.
I was all excited about seeing this movie then I found out it was made by far left-leaning liberal Democrats it's so unrealistic and racist it makes Americans look like idiots Donald Trump is the president of the movie and everybody knows if he was the president none of this shit would happen this is obviously going to happen under biden's watch because he created it
This looks like a mid Hulu show.
Ron Swanson finally did it
It has already started here years ago with Obama and with the establishment media creating hatred between parties.  Essentially the government is intentionally lying to Americans through various main stream media sources in an attempt to persuade one side to vote a certain way by demonizing the other side that had much better policies for America ie Trump.  We will see how this all plays out soon enough as our government is losing control of our currency, our borders and our future.  In essence a true physical civil war which is what the Marxists want would enable them to completely take over our country and establish a new constitution and eventual global governance with a complete biometric tracking hell like China.
Not even close to how that would really happen
1/10 rating
None of this or anything in the comments I've read thus far bares any resemblance to what a new US Civil War would look like. The country is so large, divided into states, cities and towns, fractured and splintered, that there wouldn't be the slightest resemblance to "us" and "them". Likely no real armed conflict, but a shit ton of guerrilla skirmishes and terrorist attacks. You literally wouldn't know who was on what side and any strife would incur huge losses on both sides no matter who instigated it.
It's a very real possibility.  Stock up on supplies.
So, supposedly there was a scene that was so heartbreaking that Kirsten dunst husband stepped in for that part… about a grave site? I mean what’s the problem ?
Before even seeing this I’m going to go ahead and say that this movie seems to be a movie about America but from the worlds perspective.  This is what they want, not what will happen. The whistling and stuff is just a way to use beloved things about America to show its destruction.  Also the press is so universally hated in America today that it’s very telling they have the press as the protagonists.
Didn’t understand this movie don’t understand it really  what is the main point of this movie can some one explain
Woke propagandist bs
if this actually happens:  Me and my mind: FREE FOR ALL, WEAPONS FREE
Anti Trump movie. Dont bother watching it.
Alex Garland is a genius🔥🔥🔥
The movie lived up to the expectations when it comes to the action scenes, the plot however was pleasantly surprising and not expected. Had more storytelling that I would have thought.
Watched it today. Very good movie
U are smoking crack if u think Texas would have anything to do with California.
Citezens would win or the republicans cause we all know the democrats are whats wrong with this country
Just saw this movie. Absolutely nothing like the trailers. Horrible movie. Its not about a civil war, its a female coming of age story. The action scenes in the trailer are all the action scenes in the entire movie.
Commiecrats will lose. See The Hunt.
WOKE
just saw it and it not a good movie
literally just finished it in theaters 40mins ago (opening night)  opinion: no plot really. kind of over the place, and i say that respectfully while understanding that a movie dealing with war will go through many elements. but this, this dealt with many minor details not expanded upon throughout the movie (like the literal war reasons and such for example was not mentioned much at all). it was brought through my attention after the movie that the movie was simply to deepen the effects of war through the art of photographs that the journalists captured but it still had no plot to follow as far as the actual war. 6.5/10  great food that i ordered so that made up for it. it wasn’t a bad movie but it wasn’t good.
this was a worse version of nightcrawler
Is this a continuation of Leave the World Behind?
This movie sucked 0 plot…the war is not explained at all. This is a click bait film
Fan the fires of war Hollywood fan the fires you bastards
Movie looks eh
Es ciudad Juárez todas las noches sajeran
This is what would happen if we put Trump in office? So everybody needs to see this movie, including your Trump supporters. This is what's gonna happen if you put Trump in office? This movie will be a reality and not just a Sci-Fi movie. Now talking about the movie itself. I say it had a ton of action. A24 always seems to have a very good movie. I kept looking for Maya gotta be a nice one. But she wasn't but definitely. I give this a 13 out of 13 skulls of say. You need to check this movie out for sure. Tons and tons of action enough for everybody.  Being in the Dobie there actually sounded like I was in the middle of that war so again. I said check it out. I highly recommend  this moive
Went and watched it today. Movie was boring and plotless.
MUST SEE CINEMA
Hello FBI watch list
Just saw this one and holy s%*t was I traumatized! For those saying “it’s unrealistic”, y’all need to watch. Was pretty f#!ked up tbh, but also very well done.
Cailee Bobby Brown 😄😆😁
JUST SAW THE MOVIE TODAY ITS AMAZING ITS SAD, SUSPENSEFUL AND SURPRISING
Who made this movie that’s stupid
I'll move to Texas
Anyone know if this movie is libtarded. I can’t go see it if it is. Thanks!
This movie was a waste of money, take my advise and stay home.
Super disappointed...
So is this predictive programming just like the Obama movie?! Or is that a far stretch
This was a waste of  of my time and money.  All it is about is four people of the press going on a road trip from NY to DC.  Three days before the CA/TX forces swarm DC.  Absolutely no info on what started it or how states aligned, nothing.  And it culminates with a "soldier" from the CA/TX forces executing an unarmed secret service agent and the president on the ground.
1st place: worst.comedy.ever. 2nd place: 11K±comments
People to say they want civil war are either crazy, demented and/or don't know the real sacrifices of war that they themselves are not will to pay.
Civil War would lead to the end of mankind
Good movie. 3 fractions fighting.  You had the regular hillbillies shoot civilians.  Then you had the insurrection  fighters in the military fighting against military
We will see this on Netflix in 1 month.
people are all mad about a civil war movie 😂😂😂 funny af
I'm currently watching this movie on an early showing I'm 1hr 25min in and it kinda sucks 😡
how would you not want this to happen?
It's all trumps fault.
So is it only 3 states that are fighting the federal government cause that will be dumb. They would be destroyed so fast. It looks interesting to see the world building but that’s it. I doubt I will watch it.
Yes why not create more doubt for your nation your enemies dont want that
Just another "backed" propaganda film. Boycott it.
Отстойный фильм. Зря потраченное время и деньги. 🤮
Just another woke fantasy movie.
First, the former president and First Lady make a film about the end of the US, now this? Government psyops is really working overtime to speed up the collapse of this country, eh? Must be some heafty bonuses on the line.
NGL this shit looks fire AF!
Here’s another easy way to make money off of idiots.
No way people think this is a good movie shit trailer shit movie
OH, ONE MORE THING: THIS MOVIE IS ALSO ABOUT A BUDDING LESBIAN AFFAIR. THIS IS ANOTHER REASON FOR A SECOND BLOODY CIVIL WAR, THE FILTH THAT LED UP TO IT.
The most unrealistic parts are Red and blue states working together to solve problems. People want to ignore the fact that there are millions of Americans that want a race war. Learn how to protect yourself NOW! do it Now
Anyone else turn their volume way down when the annoying whistling started? 😅
I seriously doubt anything depicted in the movie will ever happen. There was no "Civil War" when Obama was elected or when Trump was elected or Biden was elected. But if that ever does, people would be out of their minds to even try it. It will not end well.
California=florida
A Republican dream come true, Trump and his cult bring up civil war all the time.
This looks fucking stupid
Nothing new here. I'm more impressed by NYC changing The Purge from just one night of murderous mayhem into a nonstop crime paradise IRL.
0:06  *the BIGGEST mistake was combining the forces of "Texas" and "California" .... it would've made far more sense to have the forces of "California" and "New York" (or "NJ", "DC", "Maryland", "Hawaii", maybe "NM", "Illinois"...you get the idea)*
We're already at war. We just haven't taken up arms yet.
It would never happen us Americans are not stupid
Tant qu’il y aura des industries d’armement, il y aura des conflits d’intérêts qui déboucheront sur des guerres sous faux drapeaux, des coups d’Etat, etc … toujours les mêmes qui s’enrichissent et toujours les mêmes qui se font corrompre. Je n’ignore pas que les peuples aspirent tous à la paix sauf cette minorité oligarchique qui n’arrête pas de les manipuler via les politiques.
This will probably be a psyop in order to scare potential uprisers into submission
I can honestly see this happening in America or Canada someday soon
Texas and cali together is a bit of a reach But I'm all for banning cali from the US  God Damn hippies ..😂🇺🇸🇬🇧
They have to show us what they going to do before they do it. The truth is right infrot of us people. Wake up it’s about to hit the fan.
USA can’t even help Ukraine properly, how could it even fight a civil war)))))
The young press girl in this movie is so annoying. She's unbearable to watch, and fucks up everything in the end. Hardly blinks an eye at dead colleagues.
You guys over there keep a bit more fantasizing about civil war and you will just imagine it into existence. I just hope there is more to this than what the trailer suggests. But I bet it's just another military CGI show reel.
F J B  TRUMP 2024
Hollywood starting $#!t again, with their propaganda as usual.
The first act of President Ron Swanson would be to make meat the four food groups. The second act would outlaw vegetables and fruit.  The third act would remove the name “Tammy” from the English language.  The fourth act would have jazz replace all other music.  The fifth act would convert all public schools to 24/7 wood shop.
Few years this might not look so movie like 😢 all ready heading that way
Eastern California is all Republican but 51% of the population are coastal limousine leftists. If the Big one split off the western side of San Andreas int the sea as an island it would be 90% libtards and give the majority of Ca. where the food is grown a red wave while leaving the island coastal sliver to be ignored or become the coastal islands of nuevo California if Congress accepted them.
They straight stole somewhat David crowelys documentary movie Grey state 😡
My god. Make the Pablo stop.
Inspired by real events in the future.
Secession is the right of every state in the union :v
This Maybe the Prequel of Division, called【 Division - Before the Storm 】
Upload on the 103 day of the year that another 13
Is this supposed to be envisioning America after the upcoming election of this year, 2024?
Remember that the American Continent has fought 2 civil wars.  The first was called the revolutionary war, and the rebel side won.  The second was called the Civil War, and the rebel side lost. What is being given here is more propaganda to make sure the people don't start a war against the politicians and the uber-wealthy who are behind them.
A LOT OF PROBLEMS AFTER THIS MOVIE HITS THE THEATERS. I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IT, NOT LIVE IT.
Is neegan coming ?
After watching the film I kinda got a idea of what they did with it. I honestly feel there kinda using Trump as a civil war scenario. Where he would get a 3rd term it causes civil war which is why it's California and western Texas together to go and kill the president. Maybe trying to say people in California like men who paint there nails are super snipers and we should be careful 😂.  When I first seen the trailer I was like California in a civil war? Yea right lol. But when you watch it and put Trump as the president in the story it makes perfect sense why it's California as the big militia group wanting the president dead.
I have to say, the CGI here looks pretty awful by 2024 standards... It would probably be considered bad by 2004 standards. I mean Pirates of the Caribbean came out 20 years ago, go watch and tell me which has better CGI...
We are already in a Civil War. It just hasn’t went hot yet
This is scarier then any horror movies ever
what so ever they showed "civil war worst of it"
Guys, newsflash- no such civil war would ever really happen again.  Great for a fictional movie though
Interesting but it’s missing the 1816 feels
I know one thing the Deep South will hold our  ground no matter what ! lol be dam if we loose twice 😂😂
I know one thing !! My south will survive baby !!!! Hold the LINE!! 😂😂
The republican party's idea of a utopia
Shovk and awe lol. Feels more of a Cash grab even if its written well.
He's done it!! President Ron Swanson!!
Non Americans who have felt the swift imposition of democracy and free trade all over the world, this is your redemption song!
Mickey Mouse used to whistle as he steered the boat
We need this in gta 6
This movie looks so fucking dumb
No. Thank you. Who thought this movie was a good idea.
Imagine thinking Texas and California will ever have an alliance 😂
War is sweet to those who haven’t experienced it -
How many times when something happens, have you said.." I've seen a movie about this!" 😒
Giving purge vibes. Didn’t know this movie was coming out until today.. ironic that Iv been buying guns and stockpiling ammo for the past couple of months. Iv always loved guns but lately Iv had an increased sense of urgency in arming myself.
People asks for God mercy, but their hearts claims for brothers and sister's blood. And they don't care about another people sons diyng and suffering for nothing! God's looking at each one of us and He knows what we have inside. No matter what you say.
We need this for real. The woke and communists gotta go.
Watched it in IMAX, yesterday. Wow. Such a visceral movie. Highly recommended.
I like how A24 has been giving stars from the 90s and early 2000s starring roles. Been awhile since Kristen dunst was a lead role. I’d like to see them give Van damme a big action movie comeback.
Those red effing shades.
good
The damage trump has done to America must NOT go unpunished.
The part at 0:31 shows the same view as the final scene from Leave the World Behind.
There will be another bust soon. All HELL will break loose. I hope I survive most of it.
Civil War in our times would make us reek of vulnerability to other countries...it's a luxury that could topple us.
Just watched this garbage, was awful.
BLM, Soros funding NGO's and Antifa are a threats to our democracy. They are Pro Marxist pushing commie propaganda groups.
A US civil war imagined by a third rate British director. A movie of the headless chicken kind.
Not a black person in sight 😅
Most ppl think a civil war is between the people and the government. They have no idea of what a civil war would look like.
Every one living in America should have chills go down their spines and go see this movie, cause it's showing the truth about our current state in politics and personal views, since we're just a real gun battle or explosion away from this movie becoming a reality!
Damn A24 stepped up the budget... hope the writing is good.
A24!!!!!!!
Good people are fed up
Another Barack Obama production?
Republicans finally leave the Union for the right to marry their sisters....
@nickelbutt Maybe you are to scared or maybe you’re a scum politician and Tim pool is right about a civil war!
ok team texas-california here. FOR THE REAL IMPERIUM!
What dream world would Texas and California be in an alliance.  This is merely Bushwick2
The only winner in an American civil war would be Vladimir Putin. Sadly, lots of MAGAs see Putin as their ultimate leader.
When two opposing forces of extreme polarization have to coexist in the same country or area for very long eventually one side must eradicate the other or else live In perpetual war and death.  Our country stands on the brink.  Neither the left side and nor the right will give or wants to give an inch. The only way to go forward is there must be a competition.  A contest.  A bloody and disastrous conflict to decide the future and direction of this continent and the world.  May god, or the aliens, or whoever please save us from ourselves.
Texas, the state that can't keep its own electricity on is going to break away from the United States? Please, do it. You'll all be starving like Africa.
They left out Nevada……
Someone should slap a Trump or Biden 'I approve this message' on the end of the trailer.
This looks so fucking bad and stupid.
Why do white men want a civil war so bad? 😂 100% pointless
This is so much cancer. Texas will NEVER ally with Commiefornia
I'm tired of war
This reminds me of the movie Punishment Park.
I’m on the RED team
When the trailer hits more then the movie... January 6th. Coming to you in November.
Did Tim Poole produce this crap?
P R O P A G A N D A  DIVIDE AND CONQUER.  MAKE SUN TZU PROUD DUMMIES
All they need is Gerald butler lol
Aww mannn I wish it wasn't rated R, just pg13, cause we was allll gonna go! It must be some nasty acenes and gory violence. If somebody goes... please do a lil review... not tellibg all what happens but like what type of movie so others can see if they wanna go.
I spent two years in Vietnam fighting their civil war and I would hate the idea of it happening here. I still have dreams.
cringe
I can’t believe in this political climate that somebody would actually make a movie like this right now and anybody who goes and sees it is supporting this stupidity. I hope this is a fictional movie, but I believe it should be boycotted because it just gives people ideas that they shouldn’t have. Succeeding from the nation is illegal and we should not be putting these thoughts into unstable minds right now.
As an Eastern European that has seen a civil war in the Balkans, I wish no one has to go through this.
"The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is it’s natural manure."    Thomas Jefferson  Fun to watch, hopefully not to "experience".
At what point in the film to they deploy the microagression and misgendering on New York?😂
The cinematography looks f*cking amazing
I’m of the belief. Once you’ve been in combat and an actual bad war situation. You don’t romance the thought of war anymore.
What bozo's thought that this would be a good movie to make in the light of what is happening now politically. Unstable people will watch this and get all the ideas than can about creating chaos and murdering people if you are not in the right party. Dumb asses.
Democrats dream
What distasteful garbage.
i cant believe people this dumb. haha stay strapped and loaded Americans
Those who wish for this to be real, have no understanding on the horrors of war. I'm talking to you Trumptards 😐
Turning America into Gaza 2.0 ? but you need to include the deadly drone attacks for modern warfare content,  In the spirit of real realism, pls garnish you film with lots of bloody flying body parts ....
It's from the director of Ex Machina and Annihilation, so I'm not dismissing it entirely for the silly premise. I trust him as a writer to navigate the fictional conflict with nuance, and avoid being preachy with an overt agenda. From the reviews I watched they say it walked that line successfully, but critics are wrong more often than not, so who knows.
Tim Pool will have an erection while watching this.
Better than halo
Sad to think we have become so lazy and disinterested that we've let a relative handful of corrupt, intellectually, and morally bankrupt individuals destroy this great nation for their own greed.  It's obvious at this point folks.  It's the uniparty against the people.  Everything else is a distraction.
Is what's absolutely needed in this country...... And we all understand exactly what it would mean....
Cant wait for the live action remake
THIS WILL LIKELY HAPPEN IF THE D-RATS CHEAT AT ELECTION TIME AGAIN.
The Whitehouse , EVERYTHING must fall
This needs to happen,Take America back from the terrorists who took it centuries ago.
The only realistic ending to this is the anti gun lefties losing.
This is something exciting for me but one question....Texas and California? everyone knows Cali would never join up with texas... I mean Texas alone would be like Aw hell naw. California is a very morally weak state. I mean the gun laws alone >.<. But that aside I can't wait to see this.
Don't waste your time and money. This movie will leave you disappointed. First hr and half all slow talk with no good dialog and weak acting; Dunst and the old Black man is decent but the young girl suck. No reason given why the country is at civil war. Last 20 mins finally some decent action. And the ending, zero explanation at all. Movie suck. I've warned you, save your time.
💥
A real civil war would look like a zombie movie with the entire country swarming and tearing apart a few major cities and deport the communists. Theres no way Texas would ever join with California unless Texas had already taken over California, and in that case theres no need for a war.
00:37 What a cinematic shot.  I have not been this excited for a movie in a long time and this looks right up my alley.  Cheers A24, because you just got me excited to go to the cinema this weekend!
Franklin Roosevelt vs Jefferson Davis?
I just hope Major Payne shows up at some point.
The news is fake...the movies are real...😮
Not on my birthday 😔
Life imitates art...
Same trailer copy and paste as the terrible Purge sequel. 0 creativity. Even used the same music.
I'm sure white southerners will be poorly portrayed.
Is this presented from communist left position, or conservative right?
California and Texas have had a long standing alliance. California helped Texas before
looks like that's what they want to do-"ohh ohh that could NEVER happen in America"=yes it could.
Doesn’t exactly give you much of a story to go on. How is this supposed to get people interested?
Civil War at the 2025 Oscars Best script Best sound Best photography Best actress Best Supporting Actor Best edition Best direction
The battle lines would be more urban vs. rural probably. Blue districts vs. red ones.
It’s definitely fiction if Ron Swanson is the president.
There will always be people clamoring for war just like politicians sitting back in armchairs, ready to retreat to their bunker as soon as the first shell is fired.   So remember folks fight on their behalf
I wonder, even believe, the extreme Maga group has been preparing, even hoping, for this for many years.  Prepers have been around for many many years especially in our area of the PNW.  There are a number of concrete bunkers built and abandoned.  But this idea of a civil really seems to become more conceivable since Trump lost in 2020.  It is scary and awful and I hate to imagine life during and after a civil war.  Not just for stupid adult humans but also for our babies.  Even our pets.  What happened in Ukraine should be lesson enough about how horrid war is and the mass exodus of civilians. I sure hope Americans come to their senses before this happens.  So many need to remove their rose colored glasses when they look at trump.  He is not the hero they think he is and he does not give 2 shits about them.  😢
would be 100% predicting the future if the states in this movie were Texas and Florida.
If our nation split in two…. One side would be a theologically governed, whites only land where education is blasphemy, and every man woman and child is armed to the teeth. The other would be a light among nations.
The whistling was annoying AF. They probably thought it was cool.
I love the propaganda during an election year.
Too many whites...😑
Shows they'll definitely make a movie about anything.
Jesus, when did Detroit get so tame?
MAGA wars.
lol I’m seeing the early release tonight
republican voters wet dream
MAGA
This is what the elites have planned for us...let us kill each other over mass confusion created by them....they plan on hiding in their bunkers until we have killed most of each other and then they will destroy there  DARPA AI clean up teams to secure the continent then they will rebuild....the way they want society to without all the people,,,,,mass extermination is the plan...
Must be an election year!
Not sure if this movie was very wise, or very foolish to conceive of.
The day America turns on itself, is the day the real monsters come out. Make no mistake alliances of the U.N... you will experiance the true meaning of standing alone...  Non- U.S human
It all started with Barack Obama…
Wow Gen Y versus Gen Z don't forget your smartphones.
A24 keeps on hitting it out of the park...seen 4 movies of theirs in the past 5 months and they are.all great.
At first I was excited to see this.  Now I’m thinking does anyone else have the feeling that they don’t need to release this movie?
Looks like the east coast on gov side looking like ima have to deport myself to tx
Cmon why give us ideas
Im a Veteran from California.. bring it Republicans
This is what the govt wants...and in the end you'll have the hunger games
California would never be aligned with Texas. The Texas and Florida alliance is realistic and you could include a lot of southern states. And the sad part is that I can say that in all honesty and it is terrifying. I have my politics but in the end what I want is the best life for myself, my family and everyone else in this country. This terrifies me.
This looks terrifying because life lol
Spoiler alert: this movie ends with PLA paratroopers coming in hot and Xi in the white house.
Albeit I don't think that the alliance would work out the way that they do but then again who the hell am I and what do I know? The trailer looks awesome and I'm glad the old actors and actresses are getting props
Texas forces strong but California forces lol OK 😂
So is Mexico and Canada just watching
Predictive programming
Texas welcomes Californians, it raises the average IQ of the population and helps turn trailer parks into condos.
Whoever edited this trailer did a fantastic job. This trailer will go in my “top favourite trailers of all time” list.
This will literally happen if Trump takes office again... because he's not leaving for shit if he males it back to the white house.
“Reality “
I really hope it's not a prediction.
"I  don't need your civil war, it feeds the rich, while it buries the poor." ~ Guns N' Roses
#1, Texas would never align with California but we know what Texas will do
Mexico would just take over Texas and California 😂
This propaganda movie is not needed
Interesting movie coming out during election season. ........
one that strikes mostly here is the word "what kind of american are you?" well the enemy is clearly who will benefit with this "DIVIDE AND CONQUER!"
Not gonna lie - after the first trailer hit, I thought this movie looked lame. Now, after this trailer, I think this movie looks lame.
Roof sniper uses 10rds magazine and an AR mag lock. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Can’t imagine a civil war where the liberals have the will let alone the skill to shoot guns.
war is expensive, no one has money in this scenario, never could happen
Why is Terminator 2 still better than most movies in the 2020s?
Comrade Trump will dissolve the Union! Ura!
The government is calling for one
what is the significance of the green font?
Our Declaration of Independence states that it is our duty, as Americans, to overthrow a government that no longer serves us, and implement a new one.
People saying "I wish" Me: *Gestures to North and South Korea*
Never before have I ever seen a movie based on actual events before the actual events happen.
Casting looks woke
LORD LONG MAY IT WAVE  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 That 2 star monstrosity shook me like seeing godzilla....
Ong, this shit looks fun… let’s hope this DLC drops soon 😅
This movie is too suggestive, it’s a manipulation tactic Hollywood has came up with. We shouldn’t even let ideas like this film enter our combined consciousness
Another liberal movie .
All Of This Is Coming 💯 All Of THIS IS GOING TO HAPPEN💯you need to get ready you need to get right wit God bc all of this is in the Bible the nation will fall and go to war  if you think your fine I hope you are💯
Next thing ya know those journalists got arrested and Tortured for publishing “fake News”.
Maybe Texas and Arizona or Texas and Colorado but Texas and cali? Come on!!
Where are the Black, Brown and Indigenous people in this film?
Call of Duty the movie….
Hhhmmmkk
Just another way hollywood to scare people
Just another way for media to inflict fear.... Not cool!
The MAGA dream.
A rebel force from California.   An army of lady boys.
Looks gd.
It is only when the people become ignorant and corrupt, when they degenerate into a populace, that they are incapable of exercising the sovereignty. Usurpation is then an easy attainment, and an usurper soon found. The people themselves become the willing instruments of their own debasement and ruin. Let us, then, look to the great cause, and endeavor to preserve it in full force. Let us by all wise and constitutional measures promote intelligence among the people as the best means of preserving our liberties.  -James Monroe   There are too many stupid people in America.   They believe usurpation
In what world would California and Texas be on the same side on anything, especially a Civil War?
A destruction of a nation always comes from within. In real life, our nation is crumbling. In the world of fantasy, it is promised. But we the people won't have it. Stand up for our freedom. Never forget that.
Afghanistan, Iraq, and North Korea watching this like “Do They Even Need Us Anymore?”
I open carry jelly donuts
Gives me Children of Men vibes
June 6th 2024. Lol. U get it when u get it..
War is the worst thing ever, especially civil war. I lived through a civil war in my country of origin, and I can't describe how damaging it is to both souls and the land. Scars will remain in memory for a long time, as it's about fellow citizens killing each other under the same history. Here lies the pain...
This truly looks retahrded lmao. Ex Machina was the last good film Alex worked on, he’s become pretty overrated like several other directors. Including Nolan.
Well they're trying to take down america for a hot minute. Start from within....
Было бы неплохо пройти такой урок вам, за все те войны что вы на земле спровоцировали
Ok but what is the plot? Whose side are we getting bias of? So far it has shown at least 3 sides... No story... A documentary of what is to come?
Just political election year scare tactics.
Everyone seems to be missing the fact that this is about the states fighting a dictatorship in office , the president been in office for 3 terms they are bombing American citizens and shooting journalist on sight. Everyone’s focusing on the Texan Cali alliance , both states are the most independent in the us they’d be the first to rebel again a dictator even if they have different ideals
I know what side I would fight for ..the Republican side!!
Predictive programming
THIS WILL 100% HAPPEN IF CORPSE IN CHIEF BIDEN IS "REELECTED."
The next civil war will pop off the next time the Democrats steal an election.
Its by alex wagner who directed ex machina. First he warned us about the danger of AI and now hes warning us about having a second civil war.
Great way to identify maniacs
This can never happen liberal are gay and scared of guns and use gun free signs making it impossible to conservatives to fight back. Stay woke, they! ✊🏿
There's No Liberty and Justice for All Now<<< Welcome to the United Nazi States of the Corrupt Treasonous DemoRats<<<
Brought to you by Obama
President Biden, if you read this movie is really really detrimental right now. You need to stop it from showing. This British idiot writer doesn't care about what is happening to our nation. Why in the hell is he making a movie about American/Americans. Stop the showing of this movie.
👎Pass, pretty pathetic... there are far betting things to watch and fill our minds with.
let this be a warning to us...?
Movie made to make republicans look like bad people
A24 is killing it 👍
They did Texas & Cali because Texas & Florida would win almost instantly.
Turns out, all you have to do is give people pot, porn, mindless TV, junk food, and movies like this, and they'll simply become too docile to care what happens. American cities are already trash, people are increasingly in debt, and they can't afford homes. Yet, the don't seem to care. Odd.
My main complaint about the ads for this movie is the damn flashing green screen effect. Especially when it does it first thing when interrupting something I'm watching. Definitely makes me just not want to watch this movie at all.
War
This movie is so stupid. Just predictive programming psy-op bullshit really
Vote up if you are going to see this movie?  I wonder how many people will actually watch
Austin was in California before California came to Austin
The scene of the lincoln memorial being blown up is very cool symbolism
It is completely irresponsible for releasing a film like this, which encourages a civil war. Especially at a time when there are actual nuts. Who will act this out and try to bring one forth. I had family die in to many wars.   To have them dishonored with s*** like this. This film is propaganda bs, and the focus is to start violence. We already have too much hate in this country. We allow this to happen, and then our adversaries have won.
Yes.
Anyone getting The Purge vibe???
I half hope this film will have a watchmen's Ozymandias Effect on people.
Good vs evil
Give it a few election cycles. Texas is already purple.
Abraham Lincoln and  Ulysses Grant enters chat.  "We know nothing of what will happen in future, but by the analogy of experience."  Abraham Lincoln
This is Wagner Moura 🤌🔥
Что-то похожее в ближайшее время произойдёт в США.  Россия протянет руку помощи простому народу и защитит людей 🇷🇺✊
Ok so the major problems in the “coasts” winning a civil war are geographical. The South now owns the vast majority of energy in the US with second largest reserves held in the northern central US, another conservative zone. The locations that need the energy are coastal. They would need to get over the mountains on either side to capture the resource and that means fighting through the passes (look to Afghanistan). California would be cutoff in any real scenario. NYC is an Island and can be blockaded and trapped. The rest of the cities in the North East are massively surrounded by generally conservative suburban and rural areas. Most small cities, suburban and rural areas are generally conservatively run, along with the Federal Military and State National Guards. The civilian workers that support the military are vastly more conservative than progressive/liberal. Farmers, Truckers, construction, industrial engineers, almost all Logistics is run and operated by conservative leaning people. Most hunters are conservative leaning. The South has caught up industrially over the last 40 years to the North East and Cali. Most minorities culturally are more conservative, many millions would die in there big cities as they were isolated with the power generation, water, and communication nodes cutoff. Food supplies would be destroyed and run out in 3 days, and then they would flee only to find themselves mostly rounded up in refugee camps. Their social media histories used to determine their political positions. The leftists moved to camps for isolation. It would be a horrible nasty brutish war the world has only dreamed of in nightmares. But the leftists would loose.
This might be the worst timing... It's the wet dream of so many on the right and left extreme...  What the right always forgets when they assume since they own the most of the guns, that they will win but history tells a different story. There would have been no communist revolution if the far left couldn't get guns...  Could be a good movie though, hopefully life does not imitate art...
If this film interests you,  look up the history of the Mexican Empire.   Read about when texas and California were allies before they became states.
Woketard Hollywood: “REPUBLICANS ARE DIVIDING THE NATION! ARREST THEM ALL!”  Then they make this… lmfao
This will honestly be the best movie I’ve seen in several years
Every USA citizen needs to see this movie, because this is what Trump and his MAGA followers are promising. To stop this, every American much go out and vote for President Biden. Trump has mentioned a Civil War on several of his speeches, and he has been sending out coded messages to his 70 Million MAGA followers to prepare to hurt, maim, or even kill other Americans.
Yeah - just what we need - more anxiety entertainment. If people need to pee their pants they should watch the weather channel for free.
Although people are pretty messaged up and divided nowadays, I still believe that we as Americans would come together and fight if we were attacked on American soil again. I still have that little bit of faith in us as a country. God I hope I am right.
The amount of people that would migrate to Canada and Mexico is insane
中国的故事终于引起你的注意了。。。。。。
Texas (think H.L Hunt, Clint Murchison etc.) & California (Howard Hughes etc.) were the two states most implicated in Eisenhower's final address talking about the "dangers of the Military Industrial Complex". Throw in Florida and you're talking about the biggest covert warfare state in the country during the 60s - and that's before the narco-traffickers became involved. During the HSCA and Watergate investigations the states of Texas, California and Florida were forever being mentioned in minutes. They were regarded as "Cowboys" pushing back against the Eastern Establishment. No reflection on the good folk living there. It was all driven by big money and government.
Call me a conspiracy theorist, but they made this on purpose to use people's political beliefs to really split the nation into controlled factions using anger and fear. Because when people lose control of their emotions, they're then easy to control. If we really want the world to be like before the pandemic, we need to do the work ourselves and learn to get along.
I don think Texans will be excited to deal with all the pronouns from California lol
Stock up on food rations.
Propaganda to start a real war.way to go Hollywood
what do you say we get rid of these demonic intelligence entities who control these industries and market stuff like this driving it into our collective conscience in an attempt to deceive us into manifesting their planted artificial reality in this 3D physical world.  Because you know that that's how this works right we are the creators of this reality we just don't know that our minds being manipulated to create this reality by someone else's ideas and doings.  Yeah sorry to say unfortunately that's what this is and that's how this whole thing works the Civil War it's not an organic idea from the American people it has been manufactured by beings that most people can't even comprehend exist and if they could they'd realize this is how this world really works
More like a documentary of things to come
It's suspicious the deep state obamas produced this!
Everything changed when the Florida Men attacked.
The meme to end all memes....  "Florida man starts an alliance" headline
Really really really hope this will come true!
THIS MOVIE should be BOYCOTTED. IT GOES HAND IN HAND WITH THE FEARMONGERING AND CRIMES OF  TRUMP AND THE DISTORTED REPUBLICAN PARTY. THIS KIND OF CRAP IS ABSOLUTELY NOT WHAT AMERICA NEEDS!
Why are they making this movie during an election year?
THis will trigger trump supporters for sure...
Florida alliance sounds badass
Where is black people?
Texas and Cali on the same side, this movie so fake
You tried to force vax us, now you'll pay.
I hope this film makes it ambiguous as to which side is which, which side is republican vs Democrat, Left vs right, leaving the viewers unsure of who to root for thus the only option is to not fight.
Prime or Primitive or Something Software Elect The Vote Pile Now
These trailers are so formula it’s so awful
Pathetic
Can’t wait to watch republican bad democrat good
Wow this movie took a long time to come out. I live 2 minutes from the dogs running across the parking lot scene and they had the burned out humvees and shit out there like…. During the middle of the pandemic I think
did I see the Rock at the end?
Of course this is rated 97% by the tomato heads because it’s a film designed to gin up the Marxists against any American that believes in the constitution - you know, the ones who get sent to wars that are based on bullshit and do nothing to advance or protect the American way of life only to realize this truth when they come home to a government that hates them and who all got Uber wealthy off of their blood and sacrifice of their families. I will not be supporting this film or the leftists that produced and directed it. They should be ashamed of themselves for such bullshit.
A24 should stick to making mediocre horror movies. Civil war stunk
Nothing in this movie explains how civil war 2.0 started, and Mary Jane taking a bullet for a 12 year old wannabe photo journalist in the white house before a texas black chick shoots the president made absolutely no sense like most of this movie
Hang on Mary-Jane!!!!
Is this a Trump Movie, (The MORON)???
Ce serait bien que l'empire s’effondre et laisse le reste de monde tranquille.
Get ready america this is your furture after nov 2024. If you arent ready when MAGA cult govt comes knocking at your door welp your last resting place will be 6ft under.
VOTE FOR DANIEL J. CLAMP - 2024!
If California, Texas, and Florida realistically teamed up and rebelled against the United States I'm pretty sure It wouldn't last more than a few days at most.   Also out of the three of them Texas is the only one that can legally Leave the United States and become its own country
i thought this was a parody
Fkn disgusting.  All for some cash in your greedy pockets and feed your egos.
Well someone said true science fiction is imagining an alliance between Texas and California. I would argue that's straight fantasy
Civil War and I.S.S are pure propaganda. 😵‍💫
nwo is comeing
Bout to be a reality when Trump gets back in power.
I can't even watch this as the alliances are impossible
Is this civil war or revolutionary because there is a big difference…
FDT
Were there technical advisors on this movie? The sniper scene is laughably stupid.
It's happened to many nations it will likely happen again.
Yea ok Canadian dollar worth more than US, Canada will be the first to fall with such weak liberals/democrats lol
Kristen Dunst made a right idiot of herself on a British TV chat show on March 30th, on the Jonathan Ross show she says the great thing about Civil War is it doesn't take sides, she then says the US president in the movie is like Trump a fascist!! her face goes bright red because after saying the movie doesn't take sides, it's pretty obvious it does and Dunst shows herself as another lefty actor who is pro Biden.
This is like GTA 6 purge city vs. modern war 2.... Very predictive program... this can 100% real life. legalize illegal drug or not....
After seeing this, Civil War by Guns N Roses popped in my head.
Alex Garland apparently wants to retire from directing to focus on writing. I'm not sure I'm ready for that. The world needs more of his films and he's the best director of his own writing. Spielberg, Nolan, Villeneuve, Eggers, Wright, and Garland are collectively my favorite directors and I don't want that number to start dwindling.
People keep saying CA and TX would never be allies because CA is blue.  Nonsense.  In a civil war scenario, the conservative minority in CA — which owns most of the guns, and includes the police and military — could easily seize control in CA by force.  The conservative government of CA then teams up with TX.
Govs making this movie to show wich americans are good and bad. What a shame... XD That does mean govs are doing not so good in real life.
Is this supposed to be a kaiserreich film?
Kinda has a purge esq vibe to it
ABRAHAM LINCOLN WAS A CRIMINAL HE WASNT SHIT ! break that fucking statue
Propaganda film
This looks really stupid. Vaguely resembles the awful tv series, Jericho.
Don't kill your brother.
So going off other shorter trailers effectively what the US government is up again are civilians, isn’t that bassicaly what the democrats will face if there illegal voter fraud and nazi-like child experimentation and sterilisation if children isn’t stopped? There loyalist do know that like them nazis experimented and sterilised children right, they call us the nazis, what narcissists
I’m just going to stock up on popcorn and wait for the real thing
Trump 2024.
Lol let’s hope the gov loses
So basically, they built the filmmakers of A24 a Time Machine, to make a documentary about a post Project 2025 world, only to come back to the present and show it to the world in theaters before anything in the documentary happens. Therefore, they created a motion warning? Genius.
Trumps America
Alright , who would win, democrats or republicans??
Wait, how'd California get into this mess?? 🤣🤣🤣
Liberals still dont fucking get it.
Just gonna leave this here…. It’s US vs THEM.
they put the truth in movies just saying. f the govuhment
I could actually imagine California and Texas in an unholy alliance if the federal government tried to massively centralize power from the states. As the most populous and economically viable states, they could find common cause in protecting state sovereignty.
Trumpers just got a hard on
So basically it’s Texas and California vs USA ?
Sadly under Trump this could become a documentary…. Americans killing Americans…. Unbelievable…. Sad…. Tragic….
Texas would be apart of the Florida side .. not California lol
Very possible in this hostile climate
Tim Kennedy vs. Jocko Willink.
this movie will be some liberal bull sheet where they show man buns defeating rednecks..... and trans folks winning... 🙄
This looks like it should be a sequel to “Leave the World Behind”
What we got here is failure to communicate.
Great civil war propaganda
I’m annoyed that Oklahoma is with Florida . When In reality Texas and Oklahoma will never allies with Cali! 😅
*sees soldier with green hair*  ‘How bad of a future can this be? AR 670-1 doesn’t exist!’   This joke is for about 9 of you
Texas and California on the same side??
Republicans: Boycott this movie!!
Civil war wouldn’t last long the Republican side would win quickly. All the anti gun girly men would be overpowered in less than a week! Just sayin
The news today said that 1 in 5 Americans were wanting a civil war.
LMAO CA would be annexed sop quick by TX its not even funny
This is Dangerous and reckless to create such a film. It will only further fuel the fire in America currently. "Reality TV" as already rotted minds, this is just the start of throwing gasoline on a grease fire.
How about a movie where everyone on both sides of politics storms the capital and white house?
The usual Hollywood liberal crap. Let me guess, the White people are evil, and everyone else is against them.
am sorry.  but this must be a documentary of what biden has done.. and still doing.
I love the concept I just think the sides they chose to fight together make no sense
I love A24 ideas. Art, commentary, entertainment. Altogether.
Let's take a guess.... white Americans are the bad guys....
Yup another movie making it seem like republicans are the ones in the wrong. All because they dont want to sexualize our kids, they want to be able to protect themselves and because they think our government should take care of America first.
The most far fetched part is the green haired guy with pink and blue nail polish know which way the bullet comes out and knows how to use "the shoulder thing that goes up"
This will of course be the same liberal swill showing conservatives as racists and bigots that are subversive and violent. The reality is I have heard far more leftists calling for civil war than those on the right. It is the left stopping traffic, burning down neighborhoods, rioting. It is the left I hear saying things like "burn it all down". I do sometimes hear some of this from the right but the right aren't the ones rioting every summer and looting.
Can't wait
What are Arizona and New Mexico up to?
Kirsten Dunst, who plays a media figure in the movie, just said: "I’m gonna vote for Biden. That’s my only option" in a Variety interview. We see where this movie is going! It is a wet dream for liberals.
1:06 is that a damn laser
Just to think, we had a small version of this on Jan 6th, when Trump was president. Wonder who people will vote for.... 🤔
If Biden were to win, this is the scenario.
America is a call of duty game not yet started.... And I love it!!!! get yo guns ready bruh
To be clear everyone there is a lot that would need to take place for a civil war to go down. We are no where near that point regardless of how the election would turn out. Now is it possible sure anything is possible.  I doubt this movie will get into the specifics sadly.
It’s a movie people, it’s supposed to be a fantasy - lighten up
I was today years old when I knew the civil war was on my birthday.
and shepherds we shall be...
If you stop and think about it.  This could happen for real
America's obsession with War is something else.
You know what if this happens I don’t care what they fight for  I’ll go with florida and western forces  Trump 2024!!!!
The "Florida Alliance"! That's f**king hilarious 😂
Modern warfare 3
US loses a series of proxy wars, gets ejected from the Middle East, and Africa, countries take sides (the other side). The Petro dollar goes, inflation becomes huge, the poor become really poor. The rich build walls to keep the poor out. The poor has no choice but to steal from the rich. People fight over resources, food, etc. That's how this is going to start kids.
Many people here believes a civil war in the US is impossible. That is FAR from true. WHEN or IF the economy breaks down for whatever reason, you will see what people are capable of. Yeah I'm talking about armed people fighting for a liter of gasoline.
Predictive programming
The South West (Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado and Nevada) will  join California. In the North, New York and Illinois will also join California. So pretty much the old crazy south against the richer states; liberals vs conservatives. I´ve been thinking, since trumpie boy won, this scenario could actually happen. The fact that now there´s a movie about it, proves that is blatant social anxiety about it. Now, if this ever happens, crazy right wingers will start it, mark my words. They want blood. In the meantime, I need to buy a whole arsenal, just in case, especially before November, because it´s gonna be a shit show.
Everyone thinking Texas and California is weird… who have the two biggest ports on western and eastern areas as well as one who produces their own oil…
It reminds me the song of GN'Rs "Civil War"
Glad the guy from No Doubt became a sniper...
all i see is the excursion
OK, but we ALL know this is propaganda, right?
Just  remember folks civil war &independence wars lead to nothing change/transformation  of nothing  the rebels fighting for a juat cause end up like the force they fought to dipose and  turn conservative but of power  war is not the solution
Is this film about our future in America?
Moviegoers: "Im gay"  Hollywood:
I believe this would've been a better show than a movie.
Is this a final warning?
Cannot wait! I know what side I am on.
🤔
Democrat's dream
Where is the fourth faction seen in the map in first trailer?
Soooo this movie is about a reporter (which we don’t trust them anyways) and Texas/ California descending on D.C.? I mean……come on they could have thought this plot line out a little better, in my own opinion.
do I get free housing, food and phone if I sneak into Mexico?
You try and secede … you get the stick
America is now making war porn about itself.... cool...
president sounds like GW Bush
I bet a horrible story line and a bit of a love story somewhere in there.
It looks like a good comedy movie.
War is only cute to people who have never experienced it.
Could be a subjective and ambiguous movie that dives into the complexity of America in a way that neither demonizes nor hero worships certain groups/ideals, appeals to all audiences, and challenges audiences. But that would require effort, and we all know how Hollywood feels about that
Hey hey now! California wouldn't be part of this shit! And frankly Texas and Florida are welcome to succeed. Good luck surviving on their own though, only California has the actual infrastructure to accomplish such a thing.
I imagine the idea was to semi-scare the public into behaving or being nicer to each other at least. I wager it does the opposite, half wont watch it and the other half with use that shit like a call to arms. Best of luck America.
The alliance’s are all wrong. Texas would be with Florida along with about 15 other states.
After the real semi-bloody disintegration of the USSR and the total bloody collapse of the SFRY, it is nice to see, at least on film, what their politicians did to the whole world, to the USSR and the SFRY.
A24 becoming a fuckin juggernaut 💪
I smell a woke message hidden in all of  this after all it was made by Hollywood
We could be our own downfall and our Enemies would love that , and I’m sure  they have added to the hatred between us on social media, even in those comment sections that there’s always a instigator.
A24 only makes bangers
Mexico
Texas and California?🤣😆🤣
pretty sad our country is headed this way instead of us against the govt that is causing this shit
This is shit
All hail the Florida Alliance!
what a croc
People commenting about Texas and California allied, but the real unbelievable thing is that the South would go by "Florida Alliance"
It better be good
This would be a bad day for those in major cities. Let’s hope we don’t have to do this
I always thought the best current day civil war book was Euel Arden’s-Down Here in the Warmth.   Takes place in NYC- race riots, militia in Manhattan. Really good book.
Civil War rumble; Was the real Civil War. Fire works was a distraction,  no-one wanted to die just brawl.
I'll watch it but I bet the explosions will get on my nerves.
A24 back at it again with terrible movies.
Predictive programming at its finest
Whoever ends up with Pennsylvania on their side is coming out on top, let’s not forget who tipped the scales in the first civil war, history is about to repeat itself
You don’t understand that Democrats run this country. It’s happening
More fascist propaganda
Ron Swanson is the President  lol
Documentary from near future
This is what 4 more yrs. Of  Biden will look like.
Imagine having slept through the entire pandemic and waking up, still thinking a firearm is going to have any impact on the turn of conflict here on our own soil. I’m not saying give them up. But … give it up. US Army bio warfare has operated with unlimited black budget since the 1800’s. They got stuff that will guarantee you shoot yourself long before you can even think about shooting anyone else. There will be shortages of everything you can imagine and much of you can’t: this movie based on its trailer; is gun porn and action sequences. Not exactly the movie we asked for. This nation so deeply divided like the movie plot: would be a true disaster. Everything would break down. Run dry. More than 90% of Americans couldn’t tell you how to change a car tire, even with instructions. We are in the dark ages of mass stupidity in this country. There’s gonna be some gunfire alright. The 2A fanatics will panic and shoot each other to pieces then the smoke will clear and everyone will have to resume trying to survive.
California will not be part of this. It will be the hillbilly states like Texas, Kansas, Oklahoma, Nebraska, north Dakota, Arkansas and florida
War never changes.
Terrifying because it’s so plausible. The US is heading into this with trump and MAGA.
A24 does good movies but ima pass on this Good ol Bombing MERICA the great patriot type movies. So exhausting to watch lol
I feel like this movie is trying to prepare us for something that might happen near in the future
People showed up in fine dress with picnic baskets to watch the show for America’s civil war. They had no idea what they’d asked for. Idiots.
"I'm going to watch Civil War because of the plot"  The plot: Wagner Moura
President John Adams (one of the writers of the U.S. Constitution) Felt Inalienable Rights Require a God when he said: “Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”  Adams saw the future collapse of the USA, our great republic, and the demise of the U.S. Constitution, when the U.S. population became immoral, greedy, and abandoned its Judeo-Christian values and the family unit was destroyed.
Damn mary jane from spiderman is looking old, the money must of dried up
Texas would probably destroy everyone
Finally a Modern Warfare 2 movie. I wish the title wasn't immediately associated with a fucking Marvel movie. I can imagine the letterboxd reviews now.   "unghhh where was Iron Man?"
This looks so extremely stupid and naive lol - no wonder Alex Garland is retiring if he’s being forced to make this hysterical propagandistic bullshit 😂
This is not a good idea for this country. We are sooo divided and on the verge already.
America does not need fear mongering woke propaganda
Maybe this movie will give us some ideas on how to rid this country of that rat bastard Biden
America if Trump wins
I bet this movie has a scene from the end of the movie glory in it
Leave the world behind followed by this movie. Are they trying to prepare the Americans to the next real events??
If y’all are wondering where the whistling is coming from, it’s probably Wagner Moura. He *did* voice Death from Puss in Boots after all.
Just so you Democrats know if a Civil War ever did break out, you know the Republicans would win, and considering that we honored the constitution, and all of us have guns lol
What democrats think January 6th was like🤣… what they fear and what will probably happen like the Boston tea party event
Coming to reality near you
Its time to pick a side.
This message has been approved by the federal government 🥴
Civil War, no. Class War, more likely.  The bubble will break eventually.
Sometimes the real war just needs a spark to get that fire rolling…
Very relevant
Looking at the political climate of the time's.and the social diviides.a civil war is a real possibility.
THIS IS WHAT I'M LIVING FOR!!..
Yet more divisive media.
This is more scary than night ghost story.
War on a global scale takes place at every moment of every day.  Insects annihilate entire species, animals devour animals. Even on a quantum 🔬 level billions of 🧬 ⚛️ atomic microscopic lifeforms annihilate one another without a thought goes by. We are such insignificant microbes scrambling for survival without realizing that we are the cause of our own species suffering Thanos was correct
Non binary snipper 💅 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤡
Texas and California.
Would’ve been better if it was Texas and Florida or red states vs blue and the purple states trying to be convinced
Those who dont know about "Private Contractors" really believe a civil war would be possible without a one sideded slaughter 🤦🏾‍♂️ trust me it's not the military you need to worry about. Drones and equipment that are unimaginable to the average civilian. EVADE will always be the best option
People just love chaos.
More liberal propaganda.. The left want a war so bad.
Já avisei que vai dar merda isso
To all the American people get ready to defend your families don’t miss a day of prayer ❤️ may our lord and saviour Jesus Christ be with all
I don’t know what I’m going to say about this movie. I’m gonna watch it to learn how broken America will be that goes for the US presidential election rematch between Joe Biden versus Donald Trump. like the media says this is a rematch. Nobody wants it and it happened. I love peace no war Civil War just in the movie, but I want to see the Civil War in the United States for real. That fiction could come meet the reality.
Why does media seem to hint at future realities? Every decade, the political tribalism gets worse and worse. At this point I believe theres a notable probability of seeing some type of civil war in my lifetime. Can't say it will be dramatic bullets and bombs flying everywhere, but definitely attacks economically. I don't see a bright future for this country in anyway.   I campaigned for a presidential candidate in 2020 who I believed would bridge the division between Republicans and Democrats. He talked about common ground ideas. It was a surreal experience to go to his campaign rallies and meet Trump AND Bernie supporters united under those same ideas. Two completely opposite types of people, yet still willing to listen to the same guy.  He talked about our future with automation and artificial intelligence. He talked about a future where humans could be freed from dangerous and/or meaningless work. And that "robots" taking our jobs isn't supposed to be a bad thing as long as all Americans have financial safety nets. He was rhe kind of man who was preparing for our future and the possibilities on the horizon.  Instead, our country decided that the two best candidates were an abrasive and divisive egotistical 77 yearold whose rhetoric instigates chaos....  and an 81 year old who slurs his words and whose only purpose was to "return to normalcy". As inspiring as stale moldy bread.   And now, we have to vote between those same two dinosaurs AGAIN, who will soon be dead, while we have to pick up the pieces of their messes.  Unfortunately, we are too incompetent to change. Best thing you can do is prepare for chaos and enjoy every moment you can.
This is terrifying ,everybody is making jokes but shit can really happen .
Why is the sniper gay?
Nobody really wins in war. However, it's a line in the sand. That people aren't just going to stand ideally by. They aren't willing to just accept being screwed over. Time and time again. One who stands for nothing. Will FALL for anything. Sometimes people need to be reminded of that. People can only be pushed but so far. Before they stand and fight the powers that be....
They are preparing us for something that it’s going to happen soon I guess
If the country were to spiral into civil war how do y’all gun nuts expect to go up against the world’s most developed military? Drones, bombs, intelligence etc.
The split is inevitable.  Instead of north and south.  It’ll be east and west- build the wall.  Left can have it THEIR WAY-  Right can have it THEIR WAY-  In ten short years you will see unequivocally who has the proper systemic ideas, none perfect but—> peaceful, successful and not insane capitulation to .02% of a population while casting aside the huge portions of your base.  SPLIT IT ALL- the divided states of America, where if I can’t have it my way no one can be happy!
I've been saying for years A24 is the next big picture production company
This can happen again. Scary but a wake up call
Texas & California? Wha?
Movie is meant to make you want it. Don’t take the bait. Real men and women know how this ends and why we are divided
This almost seems to close for comfort. Our country is falling apart before our eyes. This could happen. Maybe not the California and texas part but civil war, i believe so.
If the Founding Fathers saw the current state of the Nation, they would have been in support of those seceding.
Predictive programming. Thanks CIA , I'm sure it'll be a real hum-dinger .
😢😢
So it’s ok to show the White House blown up but not of to show police brutality. Wow.
Quero muito assistir esse filme.🇧🇷
Sometimes production companies can get it right on the nose 😂 potential future ahead for the US and UK. Can see civil wars in both countries.
The whistling version of America The Beautiful is the most haunting background music on a war movie.
Only the Trump Cult could do this
Wonder if they met the DEI requirements to be considered for an Academy Award.
Texas would never align with Commifornia. 😂 Alex Garland and the writers obviously know nothing about America.
California and Texas working together seems farfetched,  'till you are start digging deeper and you can see that strategically it would make sense that 2 of the riches and more powerful states in the union would work together to take over the US in the event of a Civil war, Texas and California have 2 very strong economies and would be better for them to work together than against each other, kind of like the enemy of my enemy is my friend!... Also putting together all the resources and manpower both states would be unstoppable,  obviously there's many cultural and political differences that would need to be worked out but strategically I see how it makes sense...I just pray something like this never comes to pass, we are a great nation in spite of our differences...We aren't a perfect nation,  but as an immigrant I have learned to love everything the USA stands for, and since this is now my home I would humbly give up my life to fight for the values and principles this beautiful country stands for.
Northern California and Texas are far more alike then most of you realize. California should have been split in thirds
Anyone noticed it comes out April 12 the same month and day the actual Civil War started
Why do studios make movies like this 👎🏽👎🏽
With the riches building bunkers and buying acres of land out of the states. Watch this come to life smh
Tim Kennedy on SRS a couple weeks ago talked about how men from California, Texas, and Florida made up most of the green beret class he was in. Interesting to see that be the coalition in the movie……
This is terrifying, and any member of Congress who has ever muttered “national divorce” should be impeached immediately.
Movies like this shouldn't even be allowed to be made , it gives people ideas
This movie looks terrifying
Washington DC is a sovereign city state, with it's own flag, own constitution, that is foreign to the united States of America.   it's one of the three: London, Vatican, Washington DC.
We need a Reset! When a senator serves his whole life in the same position he is really a corrupt criminal. No one should serve more than two terms in any government position.
If you look at the actual civil war in the 1860s the Union won the war but not in Texas the Union in one Texas battle Sabine pass lost 3 armored gun boats and 500 men without one Texan killed what’s worse is Texas only had 46 men there the union attacked with 5000 infantry and 4 gunboats most of the Texas defenders were probably Texas Rangers but still pretty bad day.
There is no way this would happen like this. There is no way people would be organized enough to be organized to survive anything
Willy Wonka couldn't sing a song to boost up  an alliance between Texas and California. Yeah this would never happen lol
This needed to happen back in 2009 😂
Prayers Americans Prayers to CHRIST JESUS repent for the ungodly blasphemous wickedness that we have done. Seek ye the kingdom of GOD repenting in the BLOOD OF CHRIST JESUS and pray and receive peace love prosperity in the BLOOD OF CHRIST JESUS AMEN!
Texas represent I can’t wait to happen in real life 😁 cause we keep blaming other countries for what they do ,we have it here in America 🇺🇸 get ready !
Re-elect Biden & it all comes true. Only Trump can stop this!
I'd rather imagine marsian attack on the earth than civil war in US.
DRAMTASING REAL WORLD ISSUES TO PUSH ANOTHER POLITICAL AGENDA
Will be interesting to watch.
Anything with Jesse Plemons in it, I will watch
Predictive programming and revelation of the method at it's finest
Unfortunately, this is exactly what needs to happen to take back the country from the den of thieves and hissing tongues in DC. The Democrats need to be charged with treason for what they have done to this country and the chaos they brought upon the world. They are nothing short of evil!
So it releases on April 12th, the date your real Civil War began... hmm
How Texas and California teamed up  California: "SAVE MARTHA!" Texas: "WHY DID YOU SAY THAT NAME??!!!"
Glad to know that im  pary of the western forces.. hopefully we are leaning more red than blue...im a moderate btw
Term limits in congress is the best war ever.
If Hollywood/ media didn’t make one of our two political parties out to be evil we wouldn’t be as divided as we are.
Elections will not work all the time. Ultimate political power is expressed by whoever can wield the most force.
Elections will not work all the time. Ultimate political power is expressed by whoever can wield the most force.
Escape From Tarkov in America
The Fire Rises.🔥
Screw you Hollywood.  The f you thinking putting out this divisive a movie when our country is getting ready to rip itself apart on this election.
Get ready folks, this is our future in 8 months!
Does a viewing of this movie come with a free large popcorn, drink, and a spot on a watchlist?🤔
I don't think the illegals, homeless, and lbgt would ever fight for Commifornia. Although, Texans would probably hold their ground.
I don't know why some folks are so obsessed with the idea of a civil war! I definitely am not interested in killing my fellow Americans
....folks fighting.... Folks
America was poisoned
it is about how bad social media manipulates people. i knew this for  decades. Most people are dumb or were born into dumb. It's a great movie, saw it early.
Is this part of the "event" the elites have foreshadowed/planned and are currently building bunkers to escape from?
I think we would see more unorganized obese people IRL, and a lot more IEDs, use of civilian cars and drones.
The baffling stupidity of people thinking alliances only emerge when two nations share the exact same politics. All throughout human history there have been war time alliances between countries that have contradictory politics. The bigger picture are things like territorial and governmental sovereignty, resources, wealth, power (geopolitical and military). Even enemies can become allies when they stand to gain in those respects
Glad i'm in Norway and can play Gta6 while you guys fight 😂
It’s a movie.
Russians believe that America will be free! This time we will bring a squadron to help the Southerners, not the Northerners)
Foreshadowing and predictive programming.
That was lincoln's monument - this kid GARLAND is goping toi get sla;pped., WATCH IT, SON>
This will happen soon or later mark my word
Can’t we all just be Americans?
Texas loves Ron Swanson in any Universe
Fact is Americans hate each other.
To have watched this trailer, and to have read so many comments is evident that most of y'all are already dead. Y'all don't really see what's coming, you really don't, and that's evident.
I'm reality it is going to be a civil war between these hillbillies and rednecks and the American military. There are not enough separatists in the military to fight on the side of the rebels to overthrow the government. The military is actually kicking out the separatists whenever they are discovered.
Eh, try that in a small town. The masses of big cities trying to take over well-armed small towns? How does thar work? Ah, but this defacto government has already planned for that...all the military-aged men that have crossed our border at the behest of the last several administrations. Don't be stupid and vote, they've already programmed you with the panic and chaos that's coming - go back to sleep, sheep.
Feels like a COD campaign
In this movie: *Texas and California are working together now*   Texas/California: _Ha! Like that’s ever gonna happen in real life!_
Texas sedationist I think they can take TX from the United States 😂😂😂. Like we would give it up. Dam traitors.
We already had one We don't need another one!
Is it art imitating life or life imitating art?
I'm here for the low IQ turmpers and far left arguments.
Starring Jose Bideno as the butler
feels like another dose of left wing propaganda.
California is the enemy
Predictive Programming. It’s Coming
Terminater camen soon to help as  next move
California has all the military bases
The California and Texas economies could probably survive on their own together, the citizens getting along is another issue
And if you pay attention to A24 one could interpret this  24 could mean the 2nd and 4th Amendment.  2nd Amendment: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."  4th Amendment: "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."
Western Alliance after losing: The West Shall Rise Again!
Where can I watch this movie?
Not sure what it is but the scene with the sniper on the roof with the skyline in the background with America the beautiful being whistled in the back is cool asf
the movie that republicans are wishing came to real life. cant wait.
I think I’m gonna go watch this movie, just got done with Godzilla X Kong today
This movie is trying to hard to be deep but the nonsense plot and cringe dialogue is preventing it
We’d get invaded fosho
Make America Great Again
Great liberal woke democrat propaganda just prior to a presidential election.  What a strange coincidence.
In reality the militias don't look like American soldiers they wear anything they have that's comfortable and practical basically hunting clothes and they find any gun they have in their house grab them on the Run and there'll be more a lot of them imagine like a whole Battalion of them
Basically the movie turned into a gta online public lobby. Lol 😂
Oh boy, election season is starting up!
Democrats ve Republicans
In the movie Texas and California are very different politically they form an alliance so they both can get independence and become two separate nations. It’s an enemy of my enemy is my friend scenario. The movie clearly shows they don’t agree politically at all just that they want out of the US.
Guessing this’ll be another Hollywood fever dream from writers who live in a hysterical echo chamber and swallow and regurgitate every morsel of propaganda fed to them.
In what world with Texas and California join forces?
Its possible if Democrats worm their way back into power
A24 Action movie. Sweet.
Just what we need. Another stupid movie for stupid people.
The least accurate part is Texas siding with California and not Florida
A24 don't miss
I can't wait!!!! PLEASE GOD LET THIS HAPPEN IN REAL LIFE! This land never paid for its sins. I want revenge for my ancestors soooo bad. I PROMISE i won't spare Man, woman or child, pets even... This would be real reparations!!! PLEASE GOD!!!!
I’m not sure if there’s enough testosterone in California to put up too much of a fight
The south will rise again...💪
Honestly we shouldn't be wishing such things. Or else it might come into fruition
Oh boy what are the psycho liberal Hollywood trying to conjur up during the 2024 election season, lol
CIVIL WAR !? Im flabbergasted, how you guys interested and anticipating that movie; it describes your lives as Americans and it deeply predicts what’s coming out, you guys don’t think even a lil that is a documentary realistic thing? Everyone sees billionaires building shelters with a nuclear bunker and everything! What does they know and the rest of the world doesnt know about?  I hope that i’m wrong. ⚠️
ROAD HOUSE! 👊
Texas is God’s state. California belongs to satan.
Idk it looks bad
for california and texas to be united. they must have banned Mexican food or some shit
Neofascism must not take our country.
I have a dream idea for a game franchise set during world war 3
Cali tex baby
What a waste of time and money stupid movie this will never happen in my country or in my Watch we Americans know better not to see this stupidity politicians are criminals destroying our country and destroying our people and trying to scare us all
Some of y’all need to stop instigating in the comments section. Are your lives so sad that the thought of a civil war excites you? This is the real world and not a movie or a tv show
FGC-9?
Lulling You Folks Into Slumber... Stay In The "Dream"
Nope.Theres nothing I find entertaining about this. I'll pass.
I wish this literally would make me proud the justice system is screwed everything’s about money.
Any country would produce a civil war if it survived a couple hundred years, a couple thousand the most. It’s as if the people get …just fu.king bored?!
It's a Hollywood/ Elitest way of letting us know it's on their agenda for real.
Wouldn’t happen like this anyway since one side is too out of shape to fight a war, and the other side is too afraid to fight a war.
Honestly I’m glad they made this film, sadly it has a much better chance of getting people to realize what’s at stake than a history book
It's not going to be a Civil War, it's going to be a Revolution. People vs. the Government.
I wish this was real. Would make life more interesting
SPREADING MANAGED DEMOCRACY AND LIBERTY!!
Whoever’s whistling needs to learn how to be in tune, someone staple their lips shut.
Not impossible to imagine because in reality both states are the most powerful in the country with two major opposing ways of goverment however they is a famous saying that goes the enemy of my enemy is my friend. In this case it would not be impossible that California and Texas unite to topple the goverment and after they achieve that they go their separate ways
If Trump loses in November, this just might happen.  Except it won't be a Texas/California joining together.
Exactly how it would be lmao there would be no power and it would be f'ing chaos and extremely ugly. Just another piece of junk to divide us further.
The idea of war and fundamental change of modern life should terrify people more than any zombie movie ever.
They just want to destroy what was built so freaking badly..... why....
Predictive programing
This is going to happen, just remember these are your countrymen.
A24 predicting next year
the ruzzian and chinese bot will love this :))
One of the first thing that would happen during a civil war; the power supplies would be shut down for many cities. No internet, food and pharmacy delivery.
Imagine a British director, Alex garland, making an American modern day civil war film with an anti American agenda. During election year.  🤯  NO THANKS! PASS
This movie was shot with the DJI Ronin  4D
It’s want the Democratic Party want
The people taking this movie seriously have other personal issues that they should worry about way more...
uh.. What are they trying to abolish this time?
California and Texas just don’t add up.
I just know this is going to be the gayest piece of propaganda ever made.
social engineering
i will not be seeing this movie i see it for what it is
It's a shame to know america will come to this. That people i am related to want to shoot me because i am not straight, i am not christian, and i date people of color.
This will be happened in not only us but also in whole world Be ready earth to survive next giant war
Predictive Programming
whats the whisle music
With so many gun owners in America the death toll will be astronomical
Hell yeah! get this s** started!!!
Bull shit.    Not voting democrat!!
I’d take FL vs everyone…
Let me have your attention for a brief public service announcement for all the keyboard warriors or both sides. (Clears throat, pauses, and raises the loudspeaker): THIS IS A MOVIE WITH FICTIONAL CHARACTERS! THAT IS ALL. YOU MAY KNOW RETURN TO YOUR REGULARLY SCHEDULED ORDINARY LIVES.
Texas and California? Definitely science fiction, plus the NCR ain’t that good
I love the comments about how Texas and California would never be allies. I mean it would be like a republican presidential candidate trying to befriend a ex KGB Russian dictator. Totally unrealistic
As they take out a bridge
Not realistic, some of these weapons weren’t even in the civil war and no man had dyed hair or nail polish
bahaha imagine thinking liberals would even have a chance rofl... the military is not left and will always be on the side of the Constitution.
It’s corny @00:51 the guns make a cocking sound when they just raise them up.
Crazy how people go through this in other countries already but nobody bats an eye. Make a Movie about it on American soil everyone loses their minds lmfao
Ehhh I don't like this one bit cause it honestly feels like they are playing in our faces. I pray everybody stay safe and prepared
So many ironies. Those who think the military would squash or quell any Mass uprising in America, failed to remember that many trillions of dollars, could not contain goat farmers in Afghanistan nor uneducated in Iraq. With all the best equipment and 25 years of practice.  The irony is active enlisted men trying to kill former enlisted veterans and vice versa, we'd be trying to kill service members in active duty.   Brothers against Brothers, mothers against sons, Fathers and sons divided...  Anybody who says we don't understand what a civil war would bring... Think that people have not read history books. People know exactly what a civil War means, there's no mistaking the ramifications. Both horrid and good. One thing is for certain America is absolutely headed in that direction, and people should learn their history has the Chinese and Russia has studied how to facilitate encourage and bring about the destruction of a Nation from within. And they have done this with America, and they're doing a damn fine good job at it too, you see what is happening the fabric of our society is becoming unraveled, the gaps between the haves and Have nots is exponentially widening, absolute social and political division that is not rectifiable, it's coming you can absolutely assuredly bet Your grandchildren's Lives on it. China and the US and Russia I'll know if you cannot destroy a country militarily you can damage it economically and socially where it will implode.  Think you can't happen? Again you better open up your history books and look as what has happened to most great civilizations, none more poignant to America than the fall of Rome. If it can happen to Rome if American can bring about the demise of the USSR, you don't think for a second that it cannot happen here???? Unfortunately for people that live in America it is a shadow and a mere shell of what it once was, you are living in a house of cards and the winds starting to blow pretty damn hard
Y’all better get your houses in order. Get right with God. Judgement is coming.
Okay buy why
Looks so stupid.
Texas and California working together. That’s how u know it’s fiction
Well, it is a fictional movie…I’m pretty sure it’s not meant to be a documentary 😂😂😂
When i saw this on a bus i thought it was about the American civil war...you know history....not this this crap
`FOR MANY YEARS NOW I HAVE EXPECTED A CIVIL WAR TO START ANY SECOND. ITS US REPUBLICANS AGAINST THE WACKY ASS DEMOCRATS!!!! IT HAS BEEN PROPHESIED ABOUT A SECOND CIVIL WAR. THEN CHINA BECOMES THE WORLD SUPER POWER.
That whistling should not have veen included. The audio quality of it was like nails on a chalk board
I think Hollyweird is conditioning us lmao
Its premiere is on November 2024 right? Is gonna be great '' movie ''. 😅
Replies to sub comments appear to be locked, weird.
This trailer feels real that happened rightnow
Hollywood is a propaganda factory.  This movie is just mentally preparing society for America's eventual implosion... which is what the globalists want. That's why they've created so much artificial chaos worldwide. Open borders, Islamic refugees, defunding the police, catch & release courts, COVID-19, Trans rights, affirmative care in public schools, critical race theory, ANTIFA riots, antisemitism, etc.  BLACK VS. WHITE RED VS. BLUE IMMIGRANTS VS. NATIVES RICH VS. POOR HOMELESS VS. HOMEOWNERS  GAY VS. STRAIGHT  ATHEIST VS. CHRISTIAN  BOOMER VS. MILLENIAL   Etc...  It's called Divide and Conquer.   It's called playing both ends against the middle.   It's like pitting two snarling dogs against each other in a dogfight.  But the system needs you to have a clear mental picture of what a modern civil war would look like, so you'll easily accept it.  America and it's millions of guns stands in the way of the new world order. So, our country is being manipulated into hate and division for a hidden purpose.  The technology to track and control every living human now exists. So the elites are just going for it. They've also figured out life extension...so the same numbskulls in charge now will remain in charge going forward.  So a civil war is being advertised as inevitable.   It's always the same two combatants tho...  The Village vs. The Village Idiots.
The thing that people don't get is that Florida and Texas is much more likely to side with California and New York than Tennessee and Georgia. True right vs left is the founding fathers with freedom and little government vs big government and bs. Florida and Texas are both leftist states that pretend to be right because they're "pro2a," which is a lie. California is more "pro2a" because the chance of someone actually coming after you for an "illegal" firearm is much lower.
that what will happen to the usa if they dont stop minding other states business
Texas will be just fine 🤠
In the event of a second civil war on the continent of North America . Texas will succeed from the rest of the United States of America . And we will form a new confederate nation . One where the rest of the continents of North america .Will make their allegiance to the great nation of Texas .
Luckily most people in this country can't be bothered with simple physical tasks, so a ground battle seems like a stretch.
Is that my boy Wagner “Pablo” Moura? Brasil porra!
The civil war I feel could happen is the people against the government. Most normal people don’t want to kill other normal people.
Y’all do realize they are showing us the future right?
Tbh Texas actually can succeed and I can see California following simply because they were added as a result of Texas joining the US they were spoils of war from Mexico so in my opinion it’s no too far fetched
As a true American i would like to see this move on a piracy online, to show how smart are Americans, and add Arnold S and Sylvester S in it.
I blame Trump and climate change
To those who don't believe that the secessionist governments of Texas and California would ally each other. There is a very simple saying that has stood true for much of History: "The enemy of my enemy is my friend"
CCP is waiting for this to really happen, so they can barge in.
Who the hell thought this was a good idea.  Jesus Christ. Not the time. Your gonna have idiots feeling some type of way.
The lesson here is violence is never the answer. Nobody wins
This is like a continuation of Leave the World Behind.
Looks like garbage lol
Unless this demonstrates the kind of genocide that the white wingers are going to commit in a "Civil" war, it's not realistic period.
No...
boogaloo the movie
The next civil war is democrats vs republicans?
😮😮😮😮😮
I’m confused, who’s fighting and for what?? When I first saw the name civil war I thought it was about the civil war for slavery 😭
The pandemic and supply chain thing nearly got us. If we're being real it would be 10% of people fighting and the other 90% of us would die of starvation and lack of medical care. It would be so much less flashy and more devastating. Y'all don't want this. Just watch the movie and buy a punching bag
all the conspiracy theorist nut jobs in this comment section is great
Texas and California together 😂😂😂😂
looks like some propaganda to me…
The only ones that fear a civil war are leftists and war mongerers. This would never happen. Wake up
Very excited for this documentary
They made a realistic movie of the United States future... just sad! 😢😢😢😢
Pay attention to the satanists of hollywood they like things to be right in your face...leave the world behind now Civil War...this is going to be implemented sooner than you think, Cant have the antichrist rise to power in the middle east if were still the world power....we will be either wiped out or a 3rd world country. Pay attention
...this isnt even close to real everyone knows the methheads in FL dont need sleep...and they can ez take at least 4-5 bullets each. Theres no hope for anyone else ...oooo unless they block their supply somehow!
Xem trailer đã thấy phim nhảm rồi 😂
This comment section is proving the movies point lol.
Americans killing each other...another day in the office
That whistling was GOD AWFUL
It would be us vs California
Why now?
Only the Trump Cult could start something like this
Now i am feeling excited
After the last 3 years I think Democrats are the biggest threat to Americans not the GOP like the msm tries to tell us. I feel betrayed and lied too on so many levels.
An alliance between Texas and California?? The militia from California gonna be fighting with dildos and anal beads instead of guns in real life!!
This movie is not far from reality and people should be prepared for this. Sooner or later the US will get a taste of its own medicine (democracy). All those wars and terror that we caused in middle east killing millions of innocent people just for the thirst of oil and money. Well that leads to this.
Whistling feels hack and annoying like a film to foment what is already fomented, you cheap media company, show yourself a23
Looks shite
I support this movie, i think are government should be ran by the average man not some rich asshole, are country also needs to be ran by people with the same blood and guts that are country was created on, not all these delusional people on the internet
Did you guys see the laser ?
It is irresponsible to make a movie like this with all the imitating morons in this country!
This looks so good but lmao… seems like this is what they think will happen in real life. All the trump supporters will be watching and get the wrong idea for sure
A nice film to give the brain dead sheeple ideas
I just think it’s ironic an English director made this about America…the English are coming! And Kirsten Dunst as a journalist comes off a bit like Spiderman. Not to mention the janky special effects do not look believable or particularly impressive (but I’m sure it cost a pretty penny).
Watch this target second amendment rights and 2a supporters as civil war hungry domestic terrorists.
This turns into a Purge trailer
Your neighbours are not your enemies, the government is.
On a real note, I wouldn’t be surprised if we enter a war before the end of this decade. I don’t think a civil war would ensue, but I definitely think we’ve got our hands tied in terms of foreign relations.
In no reality will Texas and California agree on anything.
Fiction: Texas and California alliance.  Nonfiction: Radical Democrats use military to turn on patriotic citizens.
since it's clearly a scary republican president who has seized power, head canon is the illegal immigrants overthrew texas and turned it blue and it joined forced with california
As a non american im actually hyped for this lol. I really dont care if it’s politically incorrect (the alliances etc) and why should anyone
predictive programming at its finest 😌
gonna be a cannon event
No predictive programming to see here…..
Hmmmm, cheap cheap cheap film.  Cheap company, will never view A24 the same
We all know who would win again in another Civil War. 😎💪
This movie wws produced be Obama I recently heard. Scary it's closer than we think. The good times will be over for sure.
California and Texas are the states with the most separatist tendencies of the USA. Then, the movie plot sounds totally logic to me.
Is this a movie to try and demonize people on the right?
Predictive programming. I heard they finally found the perfect red heifer and the 3rd temple of satan is ready to be built. Your enemy is the one you cannot and are NOT allowed to name and it's one that will always divide you! When you fight against each other, they always win. This movie is not utopia. They are telling you and subliminally getting you used to the idea of what they have in store for this place and much of the western world. It took a long time. The true enemy of the human race!
I wonder if anything unusual is going to happen four days before this movie comes out.
Dear Lord this is terrifying
Would be likey a documentary if trump gets reelected
WE LAUGH NOW pretty soon THIS will b the reality minus TX & CA joining forces...as soon as Trump loses election in 2024
Forecast for Nov 2024?
This film was made for urban white liberals. It's meant to frighten them. In the different trailers I've already seen, there are at least two different AR toting white guys behaving in a menacing manner. Pretty shameless.
Hollywood making more predictions?
Nope. Not gonna see. Not enough Valium and chamomile in the world, to get through it 😂😢😮
Humans are too dumb to wake up to the predictive programming crap 😂
Imagine this moving is telling us something
Colorado is passing a law that will prohibit the SALE of AR style rifles and shotguns. Owning them would still be legal apparently but selling them would make you a felon…. If that law passes, Civil War will only be a ticking time bomb….
Yup, dead giveaway.
The Obama and Biden agenda coming soon .
CA and TX teaming up is ridiculous. More likely, states like Texas decide to take what they think is federal responsibility into their own hands, with the feds punishing those states until they comply. Said states say "no," and everything starts falling apart.
Imagine how much better the world would be if this happens in real world🎉🎉🎉
Images of gunfights, tanks, and explosions in our cities are so shocking to us yet this is happening in many countries all the time and we think nothing of it. 🇵🇸🇺🇦
The beta fem boy with the dyed hair and painted fingernails, ROFLMFAO. 🤣
MAGA Trump 2024. 🇺🇲🦅❤️🤍💙🗽😎💪
This trailer looks like it was made by some who has never left California, but says he has 2 black friends.
Let us pray we never return to the state of nature
what military purpose does it serve to blow up the lincoln monument?
I would win the civil war
People saying this will happen are the definition of having no media literacy. No, this won’t really happen. It’s a fucking metaphor. If it was “””predictive programming”” wouldn’t you not be aware of it??? Wouldn’t you be actively avoiding this?? If you know this is “””programming”” (it’s not) then that means you would… not have a civil war start. It’s almost like this is fucking movie that is a metaphor for how divided America is. I just think you all WANT a civil war and for fucking WHAT???
Well its fiction to believe the US government actually has enough troops to qwell a civil war much less make Americans kill one another.   In reality, 7% of the US lives west of Mississippi... And a majority of the US military hails from poor western and southern states.
Ron Swanson is absolutely the president we need right now.
The last election year was Black Lives Matter burning down cities… and it wasn’t even the Fourth Turning yet 😇
Meh . . .Americans killing each other . . . . that's just a Tuesday.
❤
Please never happen
As someone outside the US, this is scarily possible, again from us on the outside, just as we feel Gilead, from the Handmaid's Tale, could happen in the US.  What really scares me, as a major non European US ally, and reliant on US support, what such a disruption will mean for the rest of the world.  Will nations that are afraid of US retaliation make a move, countries such as China, and possible Russian escalation?  I can see a US civil war in the modern age, leading to a full world war.
And this is exactly what those MAGA a-holes want.
For the Kaiserreich!
Commies love their divide and conquer strategy and it is working quite well. Trash like this is gobbled up by the masses
Starring Margerine Taylor Greene.
Honestly,  this is probably the plan from the top cats. They just don't realize that they make the plans, God orders them. If it's not His will, no amount of planning will come to be. If He determined it, no amount of prevention will stop it. God's the Boss, Jesus Christ !
Unfortunately, this may be a reality, I'm sorry, as a former Democrat I'm ashamed of the party now, we we're JFK Democrats and whats going on now is despicable, guy our country is being invaded, I'm all for immigrants coming here, but the legal way, we absolutely do not know who's walking freely into our country, terrorists, cartel, gangs, etc...i never thought I'd say this, but trump really is our only hope, love him or hate him, we need help, as a country, we're done, a joke to the world, defenses down, but this movie looks like where we're headed, i hope not, God bless, Trump 2024 the year we got our country back, 🤟
I have not seen this movie yet . But ca and Texas teaming up seem comical to me . But being from ca I’ll take it . If the crime and poverty get much worse here maybe who knows
Predictive programming ladies & gentlemen..this is what they plan on doing..remember when you kept seeing all those trains with military equipment on it for thousands of miles and nobody knew where it was going or what it was for..they also found a bunch of black caskets that can fit like 3 bodies in each one thousands of them just chilling in a yard with barbed wire fencing..I think they’re going to use the migrants for this fiasco to kick off..they showed you this is marvel civil war..stop going to movies to be entertained start going with a note pad and an open mind..take notes and go find answers at home..be safe folks they’ve been showing us this for over a decade now
I dont understand how it's not the Texas/Florida Alliance
So this is us now?
Some ppl are salivating for this to be reality. They’ve never been to war.
What a trailer of a trailer movie 😅
We are American. Ok, what kind of American are you?
Texas and California on the same side against the Federal Government ??? What a lunatic assumption ! One is a democratric and free mind, free thought and free behavior state, the other a middle aged conservative "ban everything to the citizens" state. Still I'm going to watch this intriguing movie.
Citizens of the Florida Alliant, damn!!
Wagner Moura, this is the right guy, it will be great to see him on the scene again.
I’m looking forward to watching this movie 🎥! Can’t wait 😊!
I will join any side still selling funnyuns.
Documentary?
Shocking such a movie would be made. They've ran out of enemies and now they are showing destroying our own country.
another left wing woke joke of a movie
West Picture
Just thinking about this happening again gives me a huge panic attack. Thank God I have dual with the UK! Thanks Dad!
This is why belief is dangerous
This is a Obama inspired piece of shit
Going to be the movie of the year 🍿
So you guys remade the movie Red Dawn and combined it with Twister and you got this ?   Where's the red Dodge Ram ? That was the star of Twister .  It's too bad Burt Reynolds couldn't be in this one somewhere .  Give him a chance to drive that Trans Am again .   Maybe you should have called Dan Akroid , put him in there in an old Dodge Monaco  police cruiser .  He's always good driver for  a car chase .
Preocupante
I remember a time  when movies were actually entertaining and worth watching.
Where captin america and iron man! This isn't civil war!!
Texas and Florida would have been better
Disappointed. The first A24 trailer I’ve seen in a long time where there’s not a phantasmic flaming body or a fun spontaneous combustion.
we all know it's coming
They don't predict the future, they plan it. 😐
Se tem Wagner Moura, então é bom!
The elites want us killing eachother so they can steal all the resources.
Thank you a24 for giving real scripts a chance and not just releasing superhero movie after superhero movie. Heard spidermans 56th version of spiderman 1 is coming out soon.
It's gonna be a bloodbath!
No incentive needed, this type of behavior permeates every level of society now, Walmart shopping lines, gender wars, culture wars, road rage, political wars, we eviscerate each other on social media and the list goes on and on. Those who are fear that reality try to ignore it
I think they did that on purpose so the magas understand it isnt a documentary😅
Texas would fight naked and solo before teaming up with California. Movies isn’t starting off strong.
I PRAY TO GOD THIS IS NOT WHERE WE ARE HEADED! 🙏🏻🕊💔😭
Such an uplifting and inspirational movie!!! 🫥🫥🫥😏😏🙄😒😒
This movie is being released four days after the total solar eclipse.
Everyone says California would be on opposite sides and that would never happen, you’ll be very surprised. California has a population of 55 million people and one of the world’s largest economies alone. Its very diverse. The problem is the majority of voters live in the cities that vote far left democrat, i don’t need to explain that part when it comes to elections. The rest of the population are conservative republican which probably counts for 30 million people at least. If you don’t believe me just look it up. The three states that are most likely to start a civil war are Michigan, Texas and California. Its a known fact.
There politicians are sick..."we the people" are the cure.
Putin came twice during this trailer. 💦 💦
The Road to Gilead?
another dumb movie LOL
remember they want you fighting each other not them.... the number of people that need to be held accountable to stop this is much smaller than youd think ... in the 500's ;)
If Biden is somehow elected president, nothing good will follow.
Read Revelation. It will be 1 million times worse than this movie.
Between this and Leave the World Behind, I am taking detailed notes...
Putting women in the movie as masculine butt kickers takes a movie from a score of a maximum 100 down to a max of 75 and that is being generous. It is beyond ludacris. In a real SHTF scenario women become prostitutes very quickly if they don't have a man protecting them 24/7. In a SHTF they will be going trad real quick. Cooking, cleaning, sex and child rearing is what their worth is. That's it.
My eyes teared up a bit at the very thought of divided states.
But I thought NFL players kneeling for the anthem was the highest form of disrespect to the country
wow USA in 2025!!
Anyone familiar with the studio knows they make decent trailers and shitty movies. They can add this one to their résumé. Don’t give them any money to watch this movie. Trust me, I’ve seen enough of the crap the studio makes to not give them the benefit of the doubt.
Mei 2024???😱
When our young people are taught to hate America (even tho they all live in incredible relative comfort and wealth; greater than the kings and pharoahs of the past), no wonder we're on the brink of civil war.  Spoiled, entitled, ungrateful people hate.  Been that way since time began.
Purge x Division 2
Not a big fan of A24 but this looks good
Predictive programming...
Wagner Moura supremacy
Check out the voting maps…blue is only along coastal cities. 80% of the state is red
the good guys have blue hair and painted nails.....hollywooooooo
Seems to me Garland might have bitten off more than he can chew, visually its not amazing.
How about a national divorce before getting to civil war?
Yea this movie would have been cool 10 years ago but not now too realistic with all these Maga  people wanting to start a real civil War
I LOVE A24 movies!!!! This looks scary because of how it is here!!!🥺🥺🥺
Liberals will not fight in the next civil war. They're bringing in other people for that.
Lol its a ridiculous portrayal of the fall of our nation...no one is playing chess if they say they want a civil war...as soon as we start a full-fledged war within the US...Russia and China are going to invade and wipe us all out...if there were any time to strike the US...that would be it. They would be stupid not to...
Twink sniper, funny
biden pelosi obama propaganda.
the purge
where's the zombies?
who are the producers?
Haha deng
It may show us what will happen in reality!
TRAITOR DemocRATS are going to make this a reality, with their putting ILLEGALS BEFORE AMERICANS, and their two tiered "justice" system, but Texas will NEVER join with Commiefornia
Dixie Land(Confederacy) Again?????
We keep it up, and this WILL be our reality
Great Russian Film
I’m a simple man.. I see Nick Offerman as President, I watch!
"Someone's trying to kill us, we are trying to kill them" - War
Follow Jesus! ❤🙏🏻
The Left will simply use BLM-ANTIFA and a large percentage of the recently imported illegal alien’s to burn our cities, Defund Local Police, force us to accept a National Police Force, Weapons confiscation, National ID, Central Bank Digital Currency, Food and Healthcare Rationing, Mandatory Vaccinations and Lockdowns, and once that’s all in place…..depopulation, and worse.
This is the type of shit coming
Just think the judge just said illegals can carry firearms...let that sink in...
Definitely going to see this
Interesting that in 60 years of peace, Trump’s supporters believe an orange con man who is the only president in that period who called for physical violence against those pointing out his lies. I understand Moms 4 Liberty will offer 3-ways to anyone who’ll burn a book.
Let me guess Nick Offerman is suposed to be a sudo Donald Trump and he's the true villian.  Also green hair, and nail polish? I get they have to change the millitary uniform do to laws but they can at least respect it.
Gringos: the movie
"War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things: the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks nothing is worth a war, is much worse. A man who has nothing which he cares about more than he does about his own personal safety is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.” ― John Stuart Mill  I sure hope it doesn't come to this, but if it does, then so be it.
Reading the comments what a lot of people don't seem to understand is, if a civil war/ coup does break out the important question is, who has the respect of the military? Are military personnel known to be lefty Democrats or American loving Republicans, where is their voter base? The people in the comments trying to cope by thinking a civil war will be fought by your stereotypical fat thumed, overweight Southerner with his f150 truck is laughable. Read up on how coups were conducted in Western Africa and Southern America. I would imagine the presidents of those countries wished they had the hearts and minds of their military before they were shown the front door.
"there will be bloodshed"
Actually this is not only sad, it's scary as Hell.   Kennedy said we would be destroyed from within.  Look what happened to him.
This is what it looks like when a county transitions from rule of law, to rule by law, and there are no more peaceful remedies.
Erebody gansta until they get hungy!
Not sure we souls fight it that way.
You are looking at Americas future if the Dems. stay in office. I can't wait for it.
0:36 lefty sniper with a lefty 308 AR10 platform. Don't see that very often.
"Hurr durr Texas and California hurr durr" - every idiot commenting on every social media post about this movie.  Before you comment this, please don't
Seems more like a message!!!
Painted nails by the sniper indicates the lgbtq has joined texas…if you look at antifa and the black lives matter party.  This is actually in there manifesto for revolution…it isn’t really that far from a reality.  “The enemy of my enemy is my friend…”
This is fucking stupid. Why are they coming out with Oppenheimer movies and now Civil War like do you want to start a war. 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️.
I don't want to see this.
Another leftist hardon movie.
woke liberal , boring bland and so so sad in the timing, another piece vile WOKE CRAP
Looks like an average day in Houston
Wasn't DC....ground zero.
Texas might be allied with California just so both can break away from the US more effectively. Allies only for the duration of the war until they fully gain their freedom, then dissolve the alliance and become two separate independent nations.
With the direction our country is going. I have a very ominous feeling this is more of a reality and less of imagination
Dumb and Dumber
We all know who would win, don't we? Whomever is pro 2nd amendment.
Ahh, the ultimate anti-American propaganda garbage movie is about to be the biggest flop of 2024, no wonder Hollywood is dying these days. They can't seem to understand how much money they are losing and yet they just don't care how much money they keep losing. We just point our fingers at them and laugh in their faces.🤣
Can’t believe that this movie is coming out a day after the Fallout show releases lol
Call of duty ghosts even more so now with the Mexico borders and all...
Right on time for 2025…. Don’t forget to vote 😅
Nothing like a little bit of predictive programming to get the people on board with the idea.
Should have been released on January 6
is this a remake of revolution
Is this a "prep" before the election?  I don't see Cali and Texas teaming up though.
Heard a few overzealous reviews declare it to be a MASTERPIECE. Thats how I know it’s mid and I’ll probably watch it once and let it drift into obscurity   Scumbags telegraph their scumbaggery.
Looks like a movie created by people who have no idea what life is like outside the internet.
Texas vs New York or California? I'm hype.
Planned Chaos, Crisis, and Total Collapse 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳 following August EMP/CYBER ATTACK Grid Down.  Wake tf Up America.
I hope this isn’t some bs woke crap
..."Coming to a state near you, if you live in the US around November 2024 - specially if you won't bend your knee to Emperor Trump"...
Texas is going to becomes it own country 😂
This movie should have never been made. It's a very bad movie to release right now. What were they thinking.
Predictive programming
A movie about Russian or Chinese civil war would be more realistic, but I guess it wouldn’t bring in the $$$.
I do't need your civil war. It feeds the rich while it buries the poors.
MAGAt vs. Patriot, this is what our country has come to…
this is putin's wet dream
Can we stop larping a civil war and just keep who we vote for  private again? I hate this
If the political environment does not get better then this is probably the reality we face.
Everyone hates California...they are on their own.
A24 once again comes out with a movie that pushes Disney even closer to complete obscurity. Hopefully the final death nail is just around the corner. Hey Disney🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕.
6 billion vs 2 billion peaceful community ( mu8slim hahahahah )
I'm gonna watch it just because it has Todd and Mary Jane in it.
If you think this movie is meant to entertain you are sadly mistaken… it was made to normalize future events
There will never be. Tex’s California alliance
"someone's trying to kill us, we are trying to kill them" is such a sick fucking line haha, the accent makes it better
Being from Texas, we're ready and watchin' ... I love the line "What kind of American are you?" ...
No one wins 😢
Looks dumb.
A24 has a roster of films on Max most of which aren't worth watching. I'll wait for this to show up on Max but I'm not paying to see it. Just from the trailer you can tell that it's got a misguided political agenda designed to stoke a hackneyed reaction.
This new democrat party won't survive the real Civil War to come.
Can't wait
Truth would not be state to state it would be All states against Blue Cities, History may repeat itself in time,  But Military is made up of Most Red States regardless would not kill their own, But certainly would Go after Defend, So pretty much a Hollywood  pipe dream, If they cheat elections just may see some reality,  If Trump Wins Blue City will be destroyed by their own again,  This time Police and law will just let them burn
A Barrack Obama pitcure made in an election year as his vice President is ruining our country and dropping in the polls daily.
A lot of ignorant comments. Next civil war will be chaos. It is prophesied that prior to the second coming of Christ it would be preceded by a second civil war that would be far more deadly, vicious, and cruel than the first.
I am glad the director pointed out that this movie isn't really about sides and ideology but more about journalism and the horrors that would come with a civil war. Reading the first reviews there saying that this is a hard movie to watch which I hope is the point. People need to realize that all of this infighting in our country is just going to lead to something terrible.
Dogs and cats, democrats and republicans, Texans and Californians ….  Fighting together …. It’s Armageddon!!
This is called Priming.
Imagine what Ron Swanson could have done as president.......
They missed a golden opportunity to use a Body Count song (Civil War) for the trailer.
Who would even dream of making such a movie?  how pathetic! Your mind is sick.!
The interesting thing is this is what powerful billionaires and the politicians they sponsor want I think for the United States. Just the way the USA has always divided and conquered the Middle East and other countries and continents. It seems that’s turned inward now and they want to see the US collapse. Needs media is on steroids with trying to make us hate each other. Each other it’s sick but 1 can’t help but wonder if this is really what those people who control that industry want. Why they would want it is anyone’s guest of course, but it must have something to do with control and power since that’s what billionaires are chronically apparently obsessed with.addicted to
A24 has been putting out some bangers the past couple years.
Believe in free speech. Therefore, these producers have the right to make such a terrible movie, despite its poor taste and awful timing. Pretty disgusting effort to try & make a buck.  Hope they fail miserably & lose tons of money.
Looks low budget and boring.
In the words of Billy Joel: I’VE SEEN THE LIGHTS GO OUT ON BROADWAY
The Apache doesn't shoot that fast, please fix the fire rate before release 🙏
This is what is going to happen if trump is jailed znd biden becomes president.
Our adversaries would love to see this happen. It won't.
a 2nd civil war would be crazy like imagine if the ukraine war happened at like a pizza hut
Zionist propaganda...
lol Texas and California you lost me there
Everyone keeps saying that this isn't Rome. But it is moving closer to Rome every day.
This is our enemies wet dream. A divided America descending into the utter madness of an all out civil war. 🤕😱😡🥵 But Cali and Texas on the same side? That would be like New York and South Carolina being on the same side in our first civil war totally not believeable. If your going to make a movie like this at least make it plausible. That's like Biden & Trump being running mates on the same ticket. CRAZY right?🙃
capitão nascimento foi longe d+
Where are the drones?
THE GOOD AMERICANS vs the deplorables.    good triumphs!
While Hawaii chilling and getting back as Kingdom of Hawaii again ❤❤❤❤
Brought to you by Russia, China & Iran.
Isn't this similar to comic called DMZ about a new civil War? I think it takes place  in New York
Is this a documentary?.
If it is imminent..... Then it will be the last one... 👽☠️👽☠️👽☠️
The real Californians will turn against the nutters first
This movie is going to have a lot of political agenda in it.. it’s like its being marketed right during election time for a reason
Military guy having his nails painted, we are for sure in a different Era
It is sad, growing up in the 1970' and 1980's the U.S. was a united nation. All untied against fascism and suppression. Now the U.S. is a divided nation half supporting a fascist state.
@emiarganaraz905 The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
They should ban making movies like these, what a bunch of morons
Excellent timing, coincidence or planned?
This is what is to come
So, who would be financing each side?
As a non American this is very interesting 😂.
Trump supporters are traitors
The movie looks good a wonder if it will include stuff thats going on in the real world and what's happening in america all to incite a real life civil war which probably isnt far from happening blowing up the lincoln memorial if going to an epic and sad moment a wonder what russia will do with the movie
Texas supplies the soldiers, California supplies the vegans.
Everyone thinks California and texas wouldnt align as if at one point not only where they part of the same country (mexica), they're one of 3 states that really would go up against the rest of the country because how much rights are ingrained into that states society. Not to mention they both have the space and armaments do so. Youre telling me a gun toting gruff and a well intentioned lib wouldn't put the ethics to the side if the gov was trying to stop BOTH sides of the political spectrum?
I remember when I was growing up watching the tv series The Wild Wild West and the gov. stepped in and shut it down because of the way too violent fight scenes. NOW look at what they let show in film and tv....!!! People and this whole world would be way better off if they just lived life and smash all of the BS that is being rammed down our throats.Even though U can realize that it's not real ....remember that the ideas are planted in the subconscious and who knows what else is subliminal that is lodged into these films.....!!!! NOT Good for U...!!!! Be careful what your eyes see and what your ears hear....!!! These social engineers or one might say eugenists are the purveyors of evil...!!!!
I'd put my money on Texas. The west coast army would surrender when they ran out of lattes and blue hair dye.
If anybody goes and sees this shit you're a traitor to your family and to humanity this is just another attempt for the elites to get us to fight one another people need to start waking up
Honestly, the most realistic portrayal of the civil war won't be that spectacular. It will probably be communities arming themselves and fighting against each other, with the government only having nominal authority in some of the areas. Basically, not so much a civil war with tanks etc but more like large scale stochastic terrorism.  If Trump becomes a dictator, it also won't be in a spectacular Big Brother/V for Vendetta style but more like pre-2022 Putin's Russia - a "managed democracy"/thugopoly.  Movies v real life, eh...
This seems utterly pointless. If you are going to do a movie about a civil war, do a realistic one: Trump in the White House trying to become a dictator and blue states not playing ball or Biden in the White House and MAGAs starting guerrilla warfare all over the place. Honestly, the premise of Texas and California doing anything together is literally the worst possible thing you can think of - it's so bad, it's almost a parody.  I suppose they didn't want to offend anyone but c'mon...
Then the foreign powers get involved. China funnels arms and $ to the secessionists to keep the war going. The Europeans back the Feds. North America becomes a fractured, war-torn region like Germany during the 30 years war or Syria today. Or maybe the other world powers help end the war but divide the USA up into spheres of influence, removing the American goliath from the world stage. We've played it cold like that with other countries plenty of times, and if we are divided and therefore weak then you'd better believe that they'll do it to us if they think they have to or that it's in their interest to do so. Then all the people who think that a civil war is "necessary" can have fun living in puppet states at a lower standard of living with less personal freedom and no democracy.
I'll watch this on my birthday
Aw, this is disappointing 🙁. I was expecting something about rebs and yankees.
It's coming, it is predictive programming. Just like leave the world behind.
Let's be honest.  If there was ever a civil war in this country, it would last about 3 days. One side owns most of the guns in this country.  And the other side can't figure out what bathroom to use.
Meanwhile in alaska:  “ them lower 48’ers are crazy”  as russian planes and helicopters fill the Alaska skies
The best time to buy a house is when "there's blood on the streets". Rothschild
Actually if you took the mega cities out of the equation with nukes or viruses or whatever, in almost any state, it would be aligned with texas. Not far fetched to say California would be on the lone star side, even though its revolting to even say. Im interested to see this, pretty hilarious thought as much as the US pumps billions of dollars of weapon into other countries to stoke their civil wars. Not far fetched at all to think our psychotic, permanent government would blink twice at wiping out Americans to hold on to power.
Isn't this Obama's wet dream?
How many times has Hollywood been correct.
Great now people don’t have to imagine.  You lay it out FOR them.  This is going to enable some weak minded people for sure.  Irresponsible
Based on these comments it’s clear to see that those in power have successfully divided “We the people” to the point where not even the idea of a totalitarian government will bring us together. F*cking nice!
American civil war as imagined by left wing Hollywood types.   Yeah, I'm probably not gonna like it.
my goodness this comments section is edgy! it's like walking on thin ice!
"I will walk deeper into the belly of the beast if it means I'm able to further limit reckless government spending. I mean, I have so many ideas. Some are simple, like take down traffic lights, and eliminate the Post Office."  Well played, Ron Swanson. Well played.
Only idiots call for civil war while enemies overseas take the opportunity to hit us
Hopefully this is a cautionary tale..
Ya know, with the state of politics here in the US i can see this happening in my life time.
Truth is stranger than fiction
ppl in the comments saying this is in any way plausible is watching way too much conservative media
To all the ppl that wants war good luck with it
It’s gonna happen. Democrats think we’re going to wait idly while they destroy everything our forefathers built. It’s just a matter of time at this point.
f___  around and find out
Not seeing any difference between this and the purge.
Before you the army wouldn't kill its own people, consider this, *ahem* MERCENARIES.
Soooo....A24 i assume is APRIL 2024?
Is this already released? Since they already rated it?
rollins wrote about this in '93, making amerikkka look like what it does to other countries all the time; but, they all white - the specialist and direct from starit hwyte amerikkkan jesus's lips...
Trump has metastasized the tea party into a full on cancer for america
"War: a massacre of people who don't know each other for the profit of people who know each other but don't massacre each other".....-Sir Paul Valery
Calling the devil is not the same as seeing him arrive. I am a person from a third world country (Colombia) and I know war and pain in their total expression. I cannot understand how Americans could wish for something like that for their country.
I could actually see California and Texas joining forces if both states were controlled by Mexican drug cartels
Those calling themselves gun loving libs… you do realize that’s kind of an oxymoron right?  Everyone you are voting for and supporting wants your guns just as bad as the rest of ours. And yeah, most of Washington conservatives aren’t really conservative… so there’s that… the others stating the old adage of those that forget history are doomed to repeat it… that’s just about everyone born in the 2000’s probably 90’s or earlier…?? History hasn’t been taught fully since probably the 40’s or 50’s. Not saying that there wasn’t anybody teaching it since then, just far and few… between.
Looks very interesting. But I can already guess the political slant.
Seems like predictive programming to me.
idc what side you are on, you don't target the national monuments
tRUmp LOST.
The left will start a civil war.  Portraying anything they disagree with as racist to silence opposition.
This is what we need to remove the corruptness in the government
Love Garland, but this seems dumb
Joe Bidens Civil War.
What's so "civil" about a civil war?
garbage.
I pray we don't get to this point, but the way things are going right now its not beyond the realm of possibility.  The past 8 years have been difficult for our nation, well realistically the past 16, with the last 4 just being downright frightening.  With Biden going after texas for closing defending its border and two armed groups staring at each other, it wouldn't take much to spark a shots fired situation.  But an actual civil war would be an absolute bloodbath and worsen as more states joined in since our national guard units have the same military hardware.  This wouldn't be pretty and people acting like it would be no big deal are just foolish.  Do i personally think that "conservatives" would win?  Yes because we have an overwhelming amount of firepower in our homes as a collective whole, but the cost in human lives would be undescribable
As a Texan, I would sooner risk my life for a person from “massive two shitts” over California. Implausible scenario.
What happens in November could determine whether or not a 2nd civil war happens for real, after all a dangerous cult currently resides within America.
Sad.
Both with a big latino population and both used to belong to Mexico
I hope the good guys win.
Texas and California? Lmfao ooook.....but in all honesty maybe we should have CW2. Kinda overdue for one.
Everyone advocating for this film has no idea how ignorant they are. It’s irresponsible to release a film about this with the current political climate we are in. It’s as if we are trying to have this happen…
In a real civil war, the military would fall apart because nobody in their right mind would protect the government over their own family.
Strangely gives same energy as that MW2 mission when they attack the White House.. phenomenal
No le den ideas ala gente
They should have made a movie where the left just took over the country while the right complained on the internet. Would have been more realistic.
I think at this point even though we drive each other nuts, civil war is soooooo goddamn unlikely. I’m glad A24 is addressing the concern by making a movie about it but I really think the fear of civil war is just another distraction. We are so soft in America that’s little civil discourse makes people afraid of a civil war 😂
This movie is a cautionary tale of what can happen if Donald Trump is elected to a second term.
If you're an 80's kid remember the movie Red Dawn? We watched that and in a million years we would have never thought that could or would happen. But now who knows?  This Weak Ass Government Has let a lot of undocumented People into this Country and no one knows who they are.
Great. A movie that could be non fiction f ng great folks they are showing us what is to come.
wheres captain america and ironman
Hollywood propoganda strikes again.  The peeple with the ability, understand the cost and will never do this.  That's why this story will never happen.
This has got to suck.
I just hope both teams have fun.
I can't wait. Not for the movie, but the actual civil war that's coming.
So, that’s it, huh - We are some kind of Civil War?
This country does seem to be more divided than it ever has, usually outside influence helps push for or lends support to one side in most civil wars.  I see China as being and influence they have the most to gain and lose if America has a civil war.  I just wonder witch side they would support or witch faction fighting the civil war in the USA would ask for their help? The side that ask for their help is the side that's wants America to fall.
A movie co w no moral code making $ and taking advantage of a volatile situation is disgusting.
alex garland is a pseud
Sorry nick without facial hair just don't trust him as much.
May my hands be guided by forces that will never stop
Civil war could happen.  It could be a result of another election that people think was rigged.  Or too many bad decisions by president.  If people think goverment too currupt and not serving the people.  People get tired of the other side winning too many elections.  Or states could just vote to succeed to the usa.
“What we've got here is failure to communicate.”   Acoustic guitar follow.
It's crazy that ppl watch this and don't treat the idea of war in the US like a cautionary tale, but like something video game style daydream. Whatever ppl find themselves wanting to fight that bad should first seek help and then refocus that energy toward something better
Not hard to imagine this happening with half the country hating the other half and vice versa
On a different note  I hope all peope in America  watch this and check themselves before they wreck themselves.
The Highlight that what kind of American are you question when I see the trailer and I don't get it what kind of american are you? That's a fair question are you a traitor American are you a patriotic American. Are you for the Constitution american? I don't see how those are unfair questions especially in a time of War like that whenever there's enemy all around that might have differences that would rather try to  harm you but beside the point I feel it has an alternative underlying message almost referring to what kind of American are you depicting how that person / actor Jessie Plemons asking the question looks is a bit Prejudice and stereotypical considering the person asking that question to begin with? I know what they're doing when asking that question and what character its coming from and I don't like it. The fair question should really be are you allied with America? I haven't seen the actual scene yet so if I'm wrong my bad but I'm going by what I'm seeing from the trailer
Greatest fiction ever told… California & Texas forming an alliance. Now if THAT isn’t some fiction right there, idk what is. 😂
Looks corny. Pales in comparison to the real thing.
Predictive programming 😴
Predictive programming psyop?   Or dialectical anti-Trump troping?
bro this movie and leave the world behind america gl
I tought this was going to be better then mentioned but nop dissapointed.
Everyone has been assuming a lot about the politics behind the movie, and from my read of reviews by people who have actually seen it, it’s not what people who haven’t, are assuming at all.
I tought in this. 1 week ago Instagram, Facebook went down, At&t a wrek before. Many "ambar alerts" on your Phone. .mm! I wonder why. The U.S goverment os afraid of recent ellections. If Biden Wins.OMG! Even me, we need to get a gun. "Populism" people without control and with legal guns.. A24 a prelude (America) but 24. ? Of november 2024.... or I am just cra..zy
This is not a prediction it's an idea in the future
I seem to remember movies being subtler than this. And much, MUCH less cringe
Donald Trump will bring this down on the union. He's been preaching this for years. The economy is going to crash and burn. Nobody goes to work when they have a family and home to protect. Nobody can find food when the warehouses are under control of the militias. Trucks can't travel when the roads are full of hijackers. Rioters will steal cars, motorcycles, scooters, and atv's. Jewelry stores, gun stores, and shopping malls will be overrun.  Then comes Martial Law. That means anything goes.  The last civil war lasted for years. This one will not. When they start attacking the power grid it's going to get biblical folks. Trump is The Anti Christ!  I lived through the 67 riots it was scary. This will be much worse. I don't care who you vote for just understand the results.
@Headstacker California transplants have been moving out, not people who are native to California!
Please hire a better whistler.
which side are YOU?!!! CHOOSE!!!!!!!!!!!
Every civil war (thus far), has essentially pitted two worldviews, though each supported by different understandings of reality. Non-fiction reality. The horrifying difference now is that this conflict, still worldview against worldview, would be between one worldview still firmly rooted in objective reality, and the other fundamentally rooted in: strategically installed (into the heads of the adherents) falsehoods, and entirely invented woundings; each of which no doubt continuously fertilized and renewed during the conflict. How can a fight where it is provable reality against unprovable fiction possibly play out?
Looks interesting but with the development of AI and drones and all electronic devices and vehicles on networks this trailer looks like outdated battle tactics. But I do need to see the film to know if they coved that. In 10 years would be more advanced and technical.
I tell you one thing I’m Excited for this movie, I even have an idea of wearing Combat Gear when I watch it in the Theaters
wouldn't be surprised if this becomes prophetic in this lifetime.
A CIVIL WAR???  TRY A NATIONAL DIVORCE!  No one’s gonna fight to keep a state like Texas from seceding.  This country will sadly throw away its unity like a bad marriage.
Texas and Commiefornia would never align.  Remember which side tries to ban guns, and who has all the guns. It would be a quick war, indeed.
Dude. I gatta see this.
the fuck is a civil war, america vs america ?
Lame clickbait
I can’t believe that our government isn’t censoring this movie. 🤣
No doubt this war movie will come with plenty of erie and suspenseful music. And that's fine where big-screen dramas are concerned. But I do hope there was written a hopeful way out in this film; perhaps a serious attempt at rooting out the core of our troubles. For example, might we learn why so many Americans feel so deprived and miserable when we have long been the richest nation on Earth?  Viewed from a historical perspective of the last 75 years or so, one must assume we Americans shouldn't have much to worry about; that there is plenty to share and be thankful for.  So why civil war? Why even bring it up? A civil war doesn't make any sense when our people have long been well-fed, well-housed and enjoy material conveniences that many around the world can only dream about. Why should otherwise normal people become to so irritable and unhappy when we are known to have the best schools and the best medicines, the best technology and the best hospitals on Earth?   What could it possibly be that underlies the frustration, the anger, suspicion and mistrust that would move us toward a civil war? Is it because of something we can't see, feel or taste? Could it be something systemic, some defect. Some inherent flaw?  Why are we even thinking about civil war, anyway?  .
It looks like decent "entertainment." A total war within ourselves will allow two certain countries to pounce. In my opinion is more horrifying. And all the weak bickering that caused this will become quickly miniscule. Stay united or perish.
Fun fact joe biden wrote the script for this movie
THE POWERS THAT BE ARE SICK MINDED PEOPLE BUT VERY INTELLIGENT...THEY WANT A CIVIL.  THEY ARE MAKING A CIVIL WAR AND USING THE THE MINDS OF THE PEOPLE TO CREATE IT.
The only good thing about this film is that the left thinks "yes that would be me"  but really, they are just a loot drop.
This movie's a bunch of fictional garbage dung folk's
Science Fiction usually becomes scientific fact. Scary.
This writer from London doesn’t understand the ideological divide occurring in America.  Stick to writing weird science fiction stories.
I absolutely love A24 films. This being their biggest budget one to date and the subject matter has me deeply intrigued.
The sniper with painted fingernails. Gotta keep the agendas going
Welcome to Trump's evil dictator america. Where democracy falls.   United we stand, Divide we Fall..
Wait so is this basically americans turning on americans movie?
Dumb
I can see this happening if the current administration stays in power 🤷🏾‍♂️
This is where we are headed. Especially if Trump wins in Nov, but possibly if he doesn't and once again claims the election was rigged, which he definitely will
This is going to provoke such a reaction.
wow it's time for this world to minister it's own judgement.
What if they actually do let out true info in movies and this is foreshadowing
prayer changes things......
The mainstream media bubble in full effect.
Oh great. The wise Offerman with his own socialist views gives a performance of a lifetime. Yawn. Recycled trash.
Art imitates life
Wagner nos enche de orgulho, que talento!
😂 Fiction 😂
A great reminder that smaller insurgent/rebel forces would create massive headaches for an organized army in this scenario.
The American government is ready to bust its ass when it comes to war, they literally love it. They supply people with weapons, push other weirdos to war, make the country LEADERSHIP, but they always remain angels who are NOT IN BUSINESS.
Turn off America’s power grid and America would tear itself apart.  Either CME or enemy weapon could do it.
So you all know how shows or movies for tell the future. Well, here is the documentary of future events.
Sometimes, you have to fight for good to overturn the bad. So it makes sense.
As long as Gen Z is alive...will never happen.
Meh
Why would Texas and California unite? this is coming from a Canadian.
Imma watch the shit out of this
Whoever thought it was a great idea to add the annoying fucking whistle should be fired
Never gonna happen. People are way too lazy to even try anything like this.
A civil war in which nobody knows what they're fighting for or against. Nihilism in its purest form. Ain't that America.
Jesse Plemons steals every scene that he's in, even though his name isn't even in the cast.
Hollywood view of something.
The one outcome that has the least probability of happening out of anything, ever…an alliance between Texas and California lmao
What will be the explicit or subliminal message that Hollywood and its financiers want to convey to the population? After all, no art is devoid of information, politics...
Why would someone make this movie especially with what’s happening right now?
Pure and utter bullshit. Why waste time making this garbage
As a veteran and a person that loves his country including all its inhabitants this movie is terrifying.  I really hope we can figure things out before it comes to this
Biden's America.
This… this right here should be movie of the year
Excellent film
All against all. I feel like this can and will happen more and more.
This movie will fail just by looking at the trailer. This is not how the new civil war will be fought. And if it was do you think the mostly conservative military would harm American citizens? No, the new civil war has started and those who committed the real tyranny will be jailed. Stay focused because those who think they are in control have no clue what is coming.
For the NUSA! Fight for Independence!
What a nice preview of this November.
A disaster movie without a dad trying to rebuild a relationship or a diabetic child. Sign me up !
For a moment, I thought this was a movie transposition of The Division... 😅
why does Hollywood want this to happen so badly?
This movie comes out 7 months before the real US Civil war 2.0 Starts in November! Nice to see they are giving those in the US a little warning!
Isn’t the spare, alley-way whistling of America the Beautiful kind of cliche?
This is called predictive programming.
If it was anyone but kristen dunst. Bring it on
Look how out of touch Hollywood is. Texas and California united 😂
Funded and produced by the UNI-PARTY.  Dont feed the pig.
Breaking Bad Doux II Coming to a Steaming TV THIS Fall
Zero desire to see this DEPRESSING movie. Life is stressful enough and watching my country destroy itself is not gonna make life any easier. In the famous words of Rodney King can we all just get along we need worldwide peace. We need to get rid of the nukes. We need God in our lives. We need the Rapture sooner than later.
If the MAGA movement has it their way this will be opening November 5th 2024
Brought to you by Barrack Obama  Alliance between California and Texas LMAO Texas would never.
Defnitely gonna be watching this to see how my life has been perfectly planned out for the next decade
The Dems really don’t want this to become reality…🫡🇺🇸
“The horror is me imaging my own politics” just watch the fuck’n movie and put down your own beliefs for two seconds. Any time anyone posts something it’s “trump, left,right,right,left,left” just watch something for fucks sake.
The hawaiin shirts 🤐 this is foreshadowing, hollywood tryna warn us.
Texas will NEVER!! be allies with california. Florida and Texas is 100% realistic. FOH california!
Is this Purge 😨
I am a vet and know war, this film sickens and offends me. Don’t reward the people who are trying to cash in on the dangerous ignorance and division that exists with our country by seeing this. The people who made this are the most despicable opportunists. If you are a patriot, of your community, your state, or your country and hopefully all three, you will down vote this garbage and send a message to Hollywood to stop trying to capitalize on, and exasperate the division that damaging our country.
Wagner moura🇧🇷 do tropa de elite 👍
This is NOT just a movie, I repeat this is NOT just a movie! Real life preview of what’s actually going to happen
More crappy predictive programming for the gullible masses who don't have critical thinking skills from Hollywood and the U.S. government.
Hollywood is not morally mature enough to make this movie
Can we all agree this is a monumentally stupid movie to put out in an election year where this can actually happen?
If they show it on a screen, it will become true. Be sure about it.
TRUMP 2024 🇺🇸🫡
although I still have hope for the country staying together after the election....the comment section to this trailer and last are romanticizing it and it is really creepy
The people in here wishing or saying when it will happen it will be worse obviously never have seen nor been at war. War is horrifying. How could you wish something like this to happen in our gorgeous nation
This can actually happen within the next 5 years, if things don’t get better
'America will never be destroyed from the outside, if we falter and lose our freedoms it will be because we destroyed ourselves.' Abraham Lincoln 🇺🇸
WHats with the woke dude with nail polish🙄
After one side lost, who would move in quicker? China or Russia?
Coming soon mid 2024/2025
Yeah the mention that Texas and California have an alliance ruins it for me
US government is your enemy !
"Civil War 2024 delivers an intense, gripping portrayal of societal divides
A movie that should be a TV series, and that's before seeing the movie.
See? It was all just an ultra-long roll-out for a movie. Now we can exhale, have a good laugh, and not go to sleep terrified that we’re witnessing the end of the world.
They’re trying everything to stop trump, they’re even making movies now 😂😂 they would definitely love a pre-election civil war 😂
Johny isnt marching home this time
Not into war porn or action movies but love Garland’s mind so might have to try and watch this..
Wow. The 2024 elections are going to be fun. Perfect timing.
This movie it’s just a Money vehicle and humiliation ritual from Barack Obama. Don’t give it any money unless you’re a dirty Commie.
Ya'll know civil war is what the people that really control you are aiming for right? And it's working
So script makers played a lot of fallout new vegas i think. They put NCR into movie
Alongside the election, this is going to be one hell of a experience.
Not so far from the truth thanks to MAGA
Just great perfect timing to put more division into a country that is already suffering a crater of political division just what we need more division.  ugh
I like how leave the world behind ends with the city in total war & then the trailer for civil war came out ...  it's like it's the sequel to the war going on in leave the world behind
The movie is probably the worst A24 movie
Ron swanson
California would never align with TEXAS...."BETTER DEAD THAN RED"....GRIN    It will be California, Oregon, Washington and Hawaii....Protecting us are the Sierra and the Cascades, The Blue Mountain and Chelans.  Why in the world would we join TEXAZZ
I'm in NY, but I would fight for TX.
What in the woke doctrine is this? 😂
no fuckin way the US in 2030 trailer just dropped
devs 2
OH IT'S COMING FOLKS
0:15 lagu apa ini? What is this song?
More dumbass crap from the most paranoid country on earth
God I hate trailers
Future predictive message? Oh my God 😮
Even as an Englishman I'm laughing at the idea of an alliance between Texas and California.
Damn. Ron Swanson has done it.
That's all Hollywood and the corrupt Govt agencies can do is double down.   Jimmy is in biiiiggg trouble! love watching him squirm ....loser
No smoke without fire
READ the book by William Johnstone.........BREAKDOWN.. America heads towards a Civil War.
Younger me : this looks dope 😮  me now (because I don't care about politics ): whatever 😒
Liberals are crying, thinking Civil War 2 is coming for real. The only reason they're scared is because they know they'd lose. They're too afraid to even touch a gun, so the only "weapon" they'd bring is their delusions. Remember kids, never bring a pronoun to a gun fight.
Utter crap
From the river to the sea? Is this supposed to be a commentary on other current global affairs? 🇵🇸
The new gameplay of Division 3 looks very good and realistic
Born and raised in California. Texas and California would never ally together.  I'm fighting along the Texas side.
Utterly baffling that Texas (the least educated state and most likely to support fascism) would agree with the most educated one.
This movie is clearly a psyop/ predictive programming and I’m sure the goal is to paint the trump movement as bad guys I’m sure or some of the buzz words like “racism” or some nonsense.   Of course you drop a movie like this on an election year.   Total trash
Just and necessary
Dodgeball is only fun until you get hit by a ball. Then you’re just out.
Wait until New York gets involved.
We need this...  💀
More bullshit to stir up people in an election year.
If Trump is elected this may happen
Texas will never join California. From Texas to Virginia, will be one army. South or nothing
In a year I waited only two films, Dune and this one :D
This never will happen because “WE, THE PEOPLE,” are sure of the income for the old politicians unless they find something to replace us!
biden has this affect
Whatever happens, Florida supports our big brother Texas. Welcome to the Real South.
This is what democrat politicians want to happen in real life.
If the Simpsons could make an episode about this happening, that would be GREAT.
- Скоро вашей Америке кирдык...
If they had balls theyd relise it on election day
If you ever needed evidence that hollywood is controlled by devious and malicious groups that try to influence nations to their satanic agendas, you need look no further than this movie and those who created this film.
10 tickets please
This is needed in reality to eliminate the evils of the left - racism towards anyone non-black, extreme censorship, hatred based on not character, but identity
Thanks Obama
Definition of Civil relating to ordinary citizens and their concerns, as distinct from military or ecclesiastical matters  Definition of War a state of armed conflict between different nations or states or different groups within a nation or state  In America we could be at war over so much hell it could be ppl with power and ppl who like to burn their trash SAYS NOTHING ABOUT NORTH VS SOUTH I just hope it's a good movie!!!
This is not a movie, its prophecy
This is the politicians wet dreams.
Nooooooo way Texas and Cali would be on the same side!
Reginald McDonald said God bless and keep up the great work out there coming from Jackson,Ms ❤️🙏🏼♥️
Can’t wait to see the ending where Xi, Putin, and Kim laugh and watch this all happen on live tv
Project 2025 in a nutshell
Ex Machina Annihilation  Devs Men ...now this... Alex Garland is one hell of a writer/director
If Trump runs again and if there is super hard evidence that he was cheated against this might actually 🤔 happen. The last time was 2021 January 6 and remember what happened.
0:49 There's two soldiers in the back moonwalking
Coming to a big city near you
isreel is commiting warr krimes
Seems like perfect timing for this film  Hopefully it’ll be frightening enough for those out there who actually are calling for civil war.
Despite the repetitive comments that speak on the realm of possibility for the great states of California and Texas to join in a union; Simply looking at the numbers each state possesses, what branches it can bring to bear in a fight, and the capabilities of said branches is noteworthy. California alone has an absurd number of active-duty service members, marine corps, air support, and tactical nuclear submarines, and access to ports. The Marine Corps alone train to fight in terrible conditions and are perfect for such a breakout war and or flash conflict. Texas on the other hand, has a vast amount of Infantry personnel and mechanized units. Even if the central United States mounted a surprise attack, it would be hard pressed to ensure a quick victory without the use of tactical nukes. In effect, the main opposition would be the state of Georgia and the home of the infantry Ft. Benning Georgia which would make up the bulk of infantry. Finally, you have some of the heaviest armed and dense populations to contend with, the ability to hold centers like Houston, Los Angeles, San Francisco, with access to seaport and Mexico would simply not happen. This isn't Iraq and shock and awe, stockpiles would be limited and so would manpower and production; the power grid, and likely anything short of a satellite phone would be offline. In a real-life scenario, I would personally put my money on whichever side and the most active-duty manpower, not reserve; and the ability and stockpiles to press the attack. Just a random though from an infantryman. Murika!
god this movie looks so good
Coming soon...
The future of America without electoral reform 🤷‍♂️  But I guess keeping electoral college and two-party unproportional representation worth it 😂
So, The Purge.
We all know what’s coming.
Pisses me off because A24 makes fire.  This is either going to be a dumpster fire, or a really good movie.
I came to real all the friendly comments.  We are so united for one cause in this Cuntry. They gearing us up and hinting to a Civil War
No matter how emotional people get, nobody wants to abandon reason and enter a civil war, using primitive weapons to remove lives. We are already in a civil war, using the modern weapons of propaganda, fear (this movie), and false seeds of malice against our innocent citizens - not to remove lives, but to remove ideas of freedom, tolerance, and understanding.  Stupidest piece of garbage idea I've seen in a long time (and Hollywood's had a lot). Unless it's not a movie, and just the elites' letter of intent for us peasants to push us down the wrong path. Don't fall for it, people.
And this is from the writer and ghost director of Dredd. Should be legit.
Some of the folks talking shit didn’t even notice the sniper having neon hair dye and multicolor nail polish 💅🏻picking fools off. The irony is lost on the meatheads.
UwU
what's it on?
We know exactly who the enemies are,  whoever voted for Joe Biden.
I don't get it, where's Captain America and iron Man?
WOuldn't it likely be the center of the states largely against the coastal states?
Released Jan 6th 2025? ...
СЛАВА ТЕХАСУ !!!!Т.Н.Р.
Encouraging more mass shootings?
Definitely watching it in IMAX. I'm so glad they casted Kirsten Dunst for this role. She is perfect for it.
Donald Trump on the allies side or axis side?
Where is the white people boycott for this one?
This looks dreadfully bad
If this happens I will join the Proud Boys 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Obama bombing the piss outta Texas what y’all mean?
Would this movie not MOTIVATE even more the right-extremists?  Please do not give more ideas to the republicans !!!!
The American Government is bringing this "Scenario" to life very soon.
Is this the reason why America is divided?
Saw the trailer for this in the theater today before Dune Part 2. Right at the whole "western forces of Texas and California." Part I said, "See, that's what makes A24 so good at science fiction. Always pushing the most implausible ideas, like Texas & California agreeing on literally anything.." Guy next to us choked on his soda laughing.
In this timeline: 1. Russia invades Europe 2. Iran invades the middle east 3. North Korea invades the south 4. China will take Taiwan
THE PURGE...but better. Will see this opening night. Chances are this may happen this year or by 2028?
It would be most enjoyable if the main characters where part of the republican faction (if such a thing exists in this movie) -i looked more into it, i think i may be siding with the presidant on this one. Rebellion is a no-no if the change is worse than what is originally in place.
Where's Captain America? And who's side is Canada?
A24 normally doesn't make stuff like this. Can't wait to see it in theaters!
Do we really need to see something like this?
The whistling in that trailer will start a Civil War
Prepare for anything. Not cool though. An extremely lame scenario we find ourselves in.
I already can't stand the look on the female characters face, she has that obnoxious Hollywood movie character facial expression.
Why would they give ppl ideas…
This is concerning
Dumb ass movie trying to tear us apart.
Dumb… they can’t make good movies anymore that have meaning… sad. Can’t wait to see it fail in box office.
Scariest thing about this movie is it's not unimaginable that something like this would happen in the USA
Looks like Ron Swanson really did dive deep into the belly of the beast, and I looks like his dreams of bringing the government crumbling to the ground has come a reality
If these comments are an accurate indicator of American sentiment, you wont have to worry about this happening. Should probably be more worried about having a dem trny bend you over every day to check your oil before you get your bug ration.
Civil war between straight and not straight
This ridiculous movie will bomb at the box office.
This is what happen if Trump win the election.   While other say, this is what happens if Biden wins the election.   CIVIL WAR!
East vs West scenario East would demolish the West. Military structure alone would be a massive lead for the east along with population density. The East would have NATO Support while the west would either fight alone or will have to take Chinese.
This movie looks dumb.
Sadly it brought a slight smile to my face... It's very realistic. How your politicians have divided you is incredible. Hopefully something unites you back before this scenario.  Glad to see they joined California/Texas in insurrection so that they don't take sides and flame.
If trump loses the election:
Civil wars are started by rich elites when they can convince half the poor to go to war with the other half.
looks like a good comedy!
This looks like it's about to be stupid.
It's amazing
It's amazing
It's amazing
Good video
Illuminate
Ron Swanson for president!
A Civil War doesn't make any sense. Like what type of weapons would the left use of they don't like to use guns? Plus there are no borders separating everyone, we're all neighbors living next to each other. Am I supposed to expect everyone to randomly start systematically killing anyone in their neighborhood that has a different political view?
Another film to watch: 'Radio Free Albemuth' (based on Philp K. Dick novel) President Freemont feels eerily similar.
This movie was made possible by the rich people
2003 book 'enemies foreign and domestic' depicts a realistic view right after the first Patriot Act when we lost rights.
Should have been Florida and Texas working together and then the California Alliance, stupid writers
"Welcome to our enchanting world, where life pulsates with the beauty of nature and the splendor of animals! In this channel, you will find the most beautiful moments and breathtaking scenes of the fascinating animal kingdoms. We invite you to immerse yourselves in a magical journey of discovering our extraordinary, luminous friends and enjoying the secrets of their enchanting world. Join us and explore the unique beauty of these wonderful creatures, as we share unforgettable moments of adventure and learning together. Thank you for your time, and we look forward to embarking on this exciting journey with you!"
Bro this gonna happen soon !! and yall gonna come back and see this
Lol wtf.. the civil war happened over 170 years ago. this is not historically accurate
Are you sure this is gonna be in theaters and not on roads?
Predictive Programing
Nice try feds
Sure bro
This looks iconic
I just can’t watch a farrago of left apocalyptic thinking
Maybe shelve this shit for a full calendar year.
hahahahahaha..... wow. So, yet again, a stupid studio that has no idea how explosions work.  I love your " wow factor " shoulder fired missile launcher scene at 1:12.  Hey, by the way. Do you notice how we can clearly see the round pass between south-east corner pillers... and then the explosion detonates about three pillars to the left of it randomly when the center humvee fires a .50 BMG into it?  Its amazing the shit you can see at 0.25 speed. might wanna get your editor to work a bit harder on the explosion origin point lol... or at least re-do the scene so the rocket is actually fired at the point of explosion. Not sure, you guys do you.
Don't we see enough on the news and social media to scare the crap out of that we need a movie to fully traumatize us right into a civil war!!!!!!
Bushwick did it better
U guys need to watch dave Bautista version
Trash , wont be watching anything from Hollyweird
Putin must be laughing
This movie is gonna be funny and wild.😂😂😂😂
This is not helpful. you will get a lot of red state hillbillies deactivated with propaganda like this. These hillbillies will bring a pea-shooter to a drone fight with the USA.
Tomatoes are attacking!
Very nice and interesting
The South Shal Rise Again ✌️😁 down with the eagle and up with the Cros 👍
Predictive programming in full force.
It's a movie, nobody knows what a 2nd civil war would be like, all we can do is prep as best we can and hope nothing happens. Just remember,  it's just a movie.
This looks different with Captain America...
The Civil War will not be kind to those who wish for it.
This Looks amazing
I'll probably watch this home rather than in theatres to avoid some kind of incident. Americans are too crazy.
Hollywood 😂
This movie has a 50% chance of making people very very afraid of quadrocopters going forward.
There’s no better filmmaker to show us how much we hate each other than Garland.
Predictive Programming
Will this be in theaters?
💥TEXAS IS ALREADY TRANSFORMING INTO CALIFORNIA. JUST LIKE ARIZONA💥 GOODBYE........
I haven’t heard a whistle THAT terrifying OR soul chilling since DEATH,from puss in boots,the last wish,and what a Coincidence,that WAGNAR MOURA,is in this move as well,so needless to say,it FITS.
PROPAGANDA
Predictive programming. Thanks, Jews!
Hyped for this movie
Vulgar.
Why are you zensoring koments??
I will "dye" (sorry but YT is out of kontrol) to defend my adoptive country from anything that thhrea-tens it.  America first! US Constitution first!  I'm a Republican at heart, but will join the Libs to save the Republic.  Wrong is wrong.  Trumpos are "T-rro-reasts" NOT Republicans.  Thank you!
@A24 this is a really bad time to be releasing this movie. Not going to make things better by any means if every person that exercises their 2nd Amendment rights watches this garbage. Would be interesting if what was once a liberal leaning film studio inadvertently drove up the sales of firearms in the U.S. just by releasing this film. Your studio obviously drank the kool-aid
Is this predicting a civil war in 2024? Maybe around the election. Jesus is Lord, God in flesh that paid the ultimate price of sin. Live in love. God is love. Sin is death and suffering. Love is God our creator.
sick fks
I look forward to it. The film and the actual war.
Be prepared, there telling u without telling u. It's coming soon
Not too far from future reality Must See 😳
Well that looks stupid.  What happened to A24?  They used to make good movies in the past.
I’m calling on all military members would you stand with us!!!
dont worry, we'll get there. lol
No accident this coming out now..prepare accordingly..FJB
This movie is going to put so many people in attack mode. Pls no
this movie looks terrible
Those guys in the Hawaiian shirts are the Boogaloo Boys.
Gotta love all the Democrat-voting bootlickers simping for the government in these comments.
NYC is already collapsing   ..... This summer will be  interesting as the Democrat crime wave goes on ...
Looks like a propaganda film? How sad.
"Live by the sword, die by the sword"
its what we need
Why the last movie that came out feels more like documentaries, eg dont looks up, how it ends now this one
the movie of Obama it's similar, is that the truth 2030 programation bro💀
The problem is the group that chose Biden and his immigration policy. But it does not accept immigrants into its own state. Disgusting
Social engineering movie
Wanna know something crazy, this exactly what’s gonna happen if trump gets elected
"California and Texas wouldn't come together."   We'll, of course not, people. It's Hollywood propaganda. California and Texas are coming together to fight the evil Trump-like president and his MAGA-like racist milita.
Texas and California also have the most immigrants and could be overrun making
From like 2017 to 2021 a24 couldnt miss until they went wokr smh midsommar was like my last one i liked
Jabbed vs the unjabbed
Please be careful with their manipulation of news and propaganda
Amusing thing is this started a long time back, fair gradually sloping up and more individuals realizing it. WOW I love it action movie trailer
Man. Everyone is talking about texas and blah blah. I wonder how middle east war still exist.  From Myanmar(Burma.
Wouldn’t be surprised if a civli war broke out with this election. Its between two rich people theres no good picks so why care who’s in. How about instead we put two decent people to pick between instead of a guy with multiple felons and a guy that cant remember his own name
this is what going to happen if trump win
Oh boy I can’t wait to pirate this lol
Tbh the old school civil war of states succeeding from the Union I find hard to believe as no state totally red or blue. It’s more cities lean democrat and everywhere else leans republican.What would be more realistic is a Troubles like rebellion.
I like the part where the guy in camos says, "What kind of Americun are yuh? Now I think I'll go pray to my god jeezus and then have carnal relations with my sister,  becuz that's what us Republicanz do."
Obama's plan, if Trump wins the next election, they (DS) always love to show us their moves in plain sight and brag about it.
Scary thing is...war really might be broke out within USA but not the civil war.  Rather war between US citizen and illegal immigrants crossing Texas border.
For Glory !! WAR !!!
Those who failed to foresee the possibility of an alliance between the historically divided states of Texas and California must now recognize that circumstances have taken a turn for the worse, pushing these two states towards collaboration. It's called a 'CIVIL WAR' for a reason. When combating tyranny and advocating for democracy, individual political beliefs or complete agreement on all issues become irrelevant.
Is this funded by China?
When is it coming g out
Getting closer to “Smoke a woke time”.
Many will be lost but ultimately the left will be hungry, sobbing and soiling themselves in a corner. A heavy price to bear to stop evils.
This is the civil war in the US mentioned in V For Vendetta, right? Now we'll just need a plague thats kills the majority of mankind and then we can officially say we're in absolutely full on dystopia beast mode.
That´s how Republicans and Democrats will end up in the US
So this will be considered a documentary in a few years ya?
Funniest part of this is the comment section. Thinking civil war is not possible in America. You people can't agree to litteral facts about your own country's history.
she hit the wall hard
It’s a free country, but you have a artistic vision of a child, low chakra theme.  Try again with your imagination and brain this time
Texas for the win
Are the elites trying to predict the future?
WOW This looks good !!!
2024 isn't just a year.   it's the year.
Imma wait till this comes out on a streaming platform. I can already see wackjobs getting charged up by this at the theaters.
Lots of predictions are going to come true in the second half of 2024 enjoy what time you have left!
Hopefully nothing like this ever happens, I know conservatives would definitely win but it feel so wrong killing bunch of fellow Americans. We would make for a powerful force standing together all of us Whites, Blacks, latino, asian and so on who have common sense and are good people.   If people are so hell bent on taking away our Rights like 2nd Amendment, free speech, and so on than they don’t belong here cause those Rights should never be up for discussion. Move/deport them to Canada or somewhere they don’t allow people to defend themselves and are controlled on what they can/can’t say.
Wtf is this about? I’m too high for this😭
This feels like an attempt to plant a seed into the minds of Americans of our next president being a dictator and what it would look like so that we can say we recognize this behavior and take action against him….if they can’t put him in jail or take him off the ballot and he wins, they will accuse him of authoritarianism and have him impeached. This isn’t just another movie. Not to mention all these illegals and criminals now in out country because of Brandon, a terrorist attack is in the works by our own people to make us all turn against Trump. Don’t fall for it, screw this movie
Yeah. This is what some of you idiots want. This is what a civil war would look like. It won’t be drinking beer in the woods with your buddies. Your $1500 bushmaster won’t do shit against tanks and reaper drones. Your friends and family will die. Stop being a part of the growing division in this country.
Of course it comes out during a election year
this looks like a piece of shit
Definitely shot in Atlanta.
Everyone is focusing on California and Texas teaming up like it's out of the picture.  They're the two biggest contributors to the GDP of the USA.  Losing these two states would easily cripple the US and throw the Union into complete disarray.  I know politics blinds the majority of you, but money speaks louder than partisan bullshit.    If the US was to descend into Civil War in the Modern Era, no one would benefit.  Rogue groups of the US military could seize control of Nukes.  Cut off supplies to foreign service members.  Throw a wrench into any peace actions the West may be involved in.  This isn't just a fun movie idea or a wet dream for ultra-right idealouges.  It's a very real threat and possibility and each day that passes is filled with more and more naive fucks thinking a Civil War would return America to it's former "strength."    We're in a very real fluid situation that is rapidly changing not by what happens abroad but what is said through mouthpieces here at home.  Educate yourself.  Form your own opinions.  Do NOT let any fucking chud tell you your countryman is the enemy.    A nation divided stands alone and no other nation stands to lose more than our own.
Hollywood remade The Manchurian Candidate (was the original resonsible for Kennedy's assassination? Hmmm?) and released a mockumentary called Death of A President (2006) as if they might bring about that President's downfall.  Hollywood wants to control people so badly, like Welles' War of the Worlds radio broadcast, such as was tried with Special Bulletin in '83 and Without Warning in '94. Cuh mon, America, do Hollywood's bidding!
Looks good. Why green?
So it's going to be the white people's war?
Whoever controls the Bud Light factory will win
Black people are crazy
When you realize Cali and Texas has the biggest gdp than any other states . More than Canada so if canda is a country so can Cali and Texas could be they’re own country
I am serving in the Army National Guard with a total of 12 years. Served as an ammo specialist and now as a cav scout. If this happens I’ll be part of the Florida alliance. I will never be part of the liberal side
*finally the freedom and oil i mean democracy is coming to USA*
Predictive programming thanks military industrial entertainment complex
Oh this documentary looks lit 🔥😎😭
NOPE. Not watching this, not feeding the divide.
This documentary looks wild.
We should boycott obamas new movie😂
TRUTH in PLAIN SIGHT only a few can see what is actually unfolding right now
Through history every nation ended at some point and another nation or nations with a new name have risen from its ashes. No nation, whether its a powerful empire or a democracy state, is eternal. And this will probably be how USA will eventually end. Not from outside, but from within. And its ironic considering USA messed so many nations' internal politics and eventually will go down with its own citizens' internal conflicts.
And this is available in vision pro imax movies
this trailer giving off purge vibes a bit
Only in America, scary thought..cant wait to see what happens if Trump by some miracle becomes the president again...😂😂
Looks like warzone 😂
Anyone who wants war has never been. -Larry Reeves
🫡Oohrah
Excited to see what clips from this Adam Curtis uses in his documentary about the lead up to the fall of America.
So much for the theory of *Predictive Programming* amirite?
So basically the movie Bushwick, but not set in NYC lol
Love how these movies which are coming out keep pushing a civil war narrative.  It's almost like the deep state is working overtime, to condition us to believe that we must be a divided country.
I dont like this...
0:36 the pair is facing left in this trailer but in the earlier trailer the same shot was not reversed, and they were facing right.  Yes, this one is reversed. The chances of them both being left-handed and having such equipment is very slim.
Legend has it they’re still going around shooting at whatever might be the source of that off-key whistling!
I'm joining the Florida Alliance
Obama make this ?!
like anybody in texas woukd help california. I live in california and wouodnt lift a finger to help it in a war, id actually do the opposite.
The primary reason I would never want to see a civil war in this country is because of all the animals that would certainly die. Bombing animal shelters and such. Others left to starve when their owners die. No thank you. But F people, that's for sure.
“From sea to shinning sea” actually gave me full body shivers.
Offhand, the idea of Texas and California joining forces seems laughable. The comments confirm that. But if you step outside of all your biases and echo chambers and actually look at “the other side”, you’ll find splintered groups everywhere. The most obvious is the Middle East. There are more demonstrations of Democrats demonstrating against… Democratic leadership. The right is also splintered, and there are subsets of the right that absolutely despise one another.  Eerily so, this isn’t so far fetched.   Pray for this to stay fiction!
Predictive programming
Would hate to be in the theater next to this one. Very interesting use of that shade of green.
Civil War may be the only way to defend our Nation and THE CONSTITUTION that it was founded on. If another election is stolen and Biden is "elected" there will absolutely be a kind of civil war. Southern states are already low key preparing for it but leftists want to act like that wont happen. Imagine hand to hand combat between a blue haired trans man and a Southern country boy. 😮
The real enemy is orcs (russia), china, north korea and iran...
two words... Air Superiority.  The side that controls the skies, controls the war.  Sole reason the United States was able to win WWII. That and our Navy of course.
War is not to be fought on Native American lands! You will be deployed to carry on the Albert Pike Plan with Pootin! Get to Steppin! This is the Organization of American States,,, Not Poland, Bud!
Negan is that you ?
ron swanwson finally became president?
It would be amazing to find a way for TX and many conservative states to secede without resulting in violence.  There must be a secession or fundamental change.  It can’t stay like it is now.
Before I even watched it...I knew the first person shown shot would be a Black man....and I was right🙄
Alex Garland never misses.
JESUS CHRIST bless Trump ✝️ 2024 JESUS CHRIST bless Trump ✝️ 2024 JESUS CHRIST bless Trump ✝️ 2024 JESUS CHRIST bless Trump ✝️ 2024 JESUS CHRIST bless Trump ✝️ 2024 JESUS CHRIST bless Trump ✝️ 2024 JESUS CHRIST bless Trump ✝️ 2024 ..
Probably the best trailer since Cloverfield
Well there goes the Neighborhood
This is just nuts. Imagine that many Americans not doing meth and living in their own filth.
Predictive programming
I am sooo much looking forward to this! Written & directed by Alex Garland; music by Geoff Barrows & Ben Salisbury; several actors and actresses from _DEVS_.
Tex and Cal? What kind did the script writers smoke?
Hollywood idiots honestly made this a drama action and not a comedy with that plot????
This’ll happen after the 2024 presidential election, won’t it? Can’t wait for dystopia…🙄
Ya’ll are about to live this in real life and you don’t even know it.
Well the liberal youtube deleted my comments again. Yeah this is a free country alright
We dont need a movie thats happening now
Folks actually want and think this would a good idea. If we had a civil war, we would be pick apart by outside actors! Less not forget what a civil war really looks like. Plenty of countries out there had one and look at them now!
LMAO, California and Texas my ass.
It would be a very short war, I promise
It wont be state alliances. Who enjoys the most freedom? Us parents & civil families suffered during covid lock downs while folks with money flexed on us...
When the Govt. want to take your gun --that's what happen
It's a free country - produce whatever movie you want. I probably won''t watch as I am uncomfortable with 'fiction that mirrors reality' becoming 'fiction that sparks reality' for far too many trigger happy citizens in this county. : (
What is the true reason making this  Movie !
God that whistling was annoying
every word, every joke and every movie has a grain of truth...             (except for California and Texas cooperating)
You watched this you’ll be the end of the world
Alex Garland has been on a crazy roll
A nation reborn
Yeah....Texas and Florida would be on the same page. Pretty sure a "civil war" would not go very well in reality.  We should not be fighting each other. We should be overthrowing our lying, deceitful govt.
Fitting that they put this out on an election year.......
This is coming and alot of people will be easy targets because they aren't prepared. They think everything will just be okay, yet they don't know that these politicians. Are going underground. The police will fall apart because 90% of them are weak and they hide behind that qualified immunity. It will be lawless.  There will be no alliance between Texas and california. We don't want an alliance with anyone from california. There are plenty of patriots in Texas who are ready and have been ready for a situation like this. You don't think we know who is burning up our panhandle right now?
I hope it's good. This could be a very powerful film if it's done right.
If this happens... Russia and China win... America is America's own worst enemy.
Civil war is possible
Remember in Full Metal Jacket when they painted each others toenails every color in the rainbow before battle?
Lololol. Sniper with painted nails and colored hair. Nuff said😂
my grandpa would always tell us before he passed away "Hollywood predicts the future"
Vote Trump or this will be a documentary
As a non political man myself, this seems to be about the 2024 election.
I don’t like the idea of this movie kind of scares me… I hope idiots don’t get motivation from this and actually do it… Sorry A24 I’m usually a big fan but not this one unfortunately… 🇺🇸
This movie sucks
soon will happen in us
Hard pass!
you know when movies come out, the world awaits
Very Disturbing
Im guessing the reason for this very "unlikely alliance" is to avoid choosing sides between the conservatives and the woke.
wagner moura is looking like pedro pascal
Why does this feel like it can actually happen 😨
This movie seems like a terrifyingly realistic portrayal of the current political climate. Scary to think about.
Where are the hoardes of the obese and the homeless?
Predictive Programming…
I think it a Cloverfield movie the monster from Cloverfield...or something close to that.
Feels REAL
In less than 10 years, there will be a civil war in the States. The ways things are going between Democrats and Republicans , i wouldn't be surprised if that happened.
Is this a vision of what to come in the US of A?
I feel like this is suppose to be a comedy. Lmao
Prophetic
What sucks is how many people in the USA want this scenario.  Data based on internet warriors.
Texas AND California on the same side? If you got rid of the CA cities, maybe. Otherwise, not gonna happen.
LA and Frisco are the Big Zero's, others in California are hard working folks.
Wagner Moura é do Brasil! 🙂
This looks so cheap and the cinematography and color palette are both so ugly … Expected more tbh. Won’t watch
0:27 only a24 can make a cool army movie and make it gay
Civil War is gonna be a future warning from A24
Damn didn't know they make movies about real historical events before they happen now.
While there’s obviously a serious illness in this country, whenever there’s discussion about civil war/revolution (same thing, really), I find myself questioning if the American people can sustain a conflict like that. It’s one thing to riot for a couple of days, it’s another to suspend your (relatively) cushy American life to go to war with your own citizens for a couple of years. And that’s even assuming secessionists could successfully hold out against the most well funded military in history for a significant amount of time. You won’t be guillotining the rich by day and chilling on Minecraft at night. It’s not a weekend with the buddies where you’ll knock a few back with the bois and have your MAGAt utopia a week later. It would be years of your friends and family dying and at the end of it, chances are, you’d have a government more restrictive and miserable than what you started with.
The only way I can see CA and TX on the same side is if both agree to go their separate ways from the get-go - an alliance of convenience. Knock out Washington DC to secure their independence militarily, THEN recognize each others' independence.
The war will be between the citizens and their GOVERNMENT. Not each other.
How utterly pretentious trailer with the whistling of America. And it all looks awful.
basic ideology, we are not the same.....and then the internet came....
This movie looks like a hot pile of shit
“Respectable” Olympus down
"Bring the Rain"
Good of work
We could have done another purge movie
URGENT!!!! Hey Guys! I just wanted to let you know that Jesus is coming soon, but only for those who truly believe in Him and obey His teachings. Please let us all be faithful to Him before He comes. Otherwise, we will suffer the tribulation (Gods punishment) for seven years. It's all written in the Bible. Let us all prepare for His coming. JESUS LOVES YOU SO MUCH 😃
Why I feel like this actually gonna happen explains all these bunkers being built
CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA IS INEVITABLE - PREPARE
Average "Texas and California would never fight together-" people☝️🤓 Vs The "Enemies of mine are my friends" people 🗿💯
For people saying it means the South would lose twice, well remember few states back then. Today It would be the South and the Midwest against the East and West. A 2nd Civil War is a lot closer than people think......
"Agitprop... brought to you in part by WEF"
It's their plan, listen! Don't fall for the lies! The solar eclipse on April 8th WILL BE THE BEGINING OF THE 7 YEAR TRIBULATION!  OUR LORD JESUS IS NEAR, REPENT OF YOUR SINS AND BE READY!
At first I thought this was a sci-fi movie, than I looked outside.
The US  civil war of the 1800’s was the government pushed the south relentlessly to pay taxes on goods they were manufacturing in the south - cotton etc and basically hard core bossing them    So the South thought “that’s enough, we left England for this reason- because we couldn’t live because of heavy taxes, here we were suppose  to start a new and different country - with liberty for all- but looks like the north has forgotten that plan of ours so we’re not gonna let it happen on our watch, we’re gonna fight and die or be free”. BUT The government made US history books to tell a different reason for the civil war and fooled the whole world into believing it was only because of slavery
America is a young country compared to other nations on earth and they’ve never liked the idea of the slightest of their freedoms taken away or just working 24/7 with nothing to show because it all gos to the rich   So not only are so many of us enslaved to work nowadays. But also not allowed to speak freely without getting attacked targeted and your life damaged. That’s not what America was ever about before    So many have grown so tired of the government using all the races like pawns by pitting them against one another in order to achieve their political goals. Schools are in ruin American children rank at the bottom of the list compared to other nations education, the members of government fight one another constantly with 2 completely different ideologies for the country, even the military- not long ago one the most feared on earth is now being laughed at by a gang of skanks called the Houthi’s  People are really sick and tired of all the dis function in this country BUT….. BUT  I truly do not believe that Americans have what it takes to hold out in a battle against one another. For too long they’ve been used to having comfortable lives, Netflix, and other material possessions. If they started gorilla fighting, 1- as soon as the military closed in on them they would surrender.  2. On the run, hungry, and can’t go back home to see wife and kids- theyedsurrender. Ok it’s just that they really wouldn’t be prepared strategically nor mentally for that   Would they even have a solid long term plan in place?   So yes I’m on the idea of American civil war as just everybody is fed up and sick of life in the US  (but know what would happen if they actually tried to put that feeling into action).  Before they actually pull off a large scale armed retaliation they should first remember that the US government is more powerful now against its citizens than any other time in the past   So any groups angry about what has happened to this country should remember you’d be quickly locked up in prison with the Jan 6 rioters  and Mexicans would take your place- there’s plenty of them   And yes your own government would rather replace you than to fix the mess in this country because they don’t have to live in it they’re all protected in their houses and their government positions they don’t have to live everyday with the mess of this country the way you do. So don’t get locked up
im movin to canada
I am 14 and this war quote I found online is deep- Civil War commenters on YT
Bad thing is though some  Californians wants to be like the understand how southerners feel about the civil war history in the south. But how could they when we didn’t share the same history and California wasn’t in the confederacy?
In history When people could no longer tolerate certain things nor afford life, nor eat, or government oppression or lack of  freedom - war was what happened
predictive programming once again...
They should've had the balls to make it a conflict between a southern Neo-Confederacy & the U.S Federal government. Not this Texas, California alliance nonsense.
Belles images d’hélico et  aussi de nuit
Remember when Presidents spoke Coherent words? I don't.
Typical predictive programming. Be Aware.
BS movie.  If there is to be another CW it will be the Red South against the Communist West and North East.  The South shall win since LIberals can't fight our many guns with dildos and pronouns.
This the gayest commie bloodthirst I've ever seen
I don’t believe that a civil war will involve a citizen war among citizens as much as it would involve the assassination of government officials. I could be very wrong but that would seem to be the logics of these younger people.  The larger cities could be the real battlegrounds where starvation and disease would be the real problem rather than war. Too many people underestimate the true consequences of any type of war.
bro thats unreal engine
What a shit trailer
This Trailer is way better than the first one
Могли бы добавить российскую армию для полного ужаса , ролик Red alert на песню Медаль за город Вашигтон уже снят в 3D😂
This Negative Programming..... same as that awful movie produced by the Obamas.
Every time I talk about how Texas and California form a federation just based off of this movie and I involved in a conversation to somebody they laugh about it because it is never going to happen and I agree😂
Can't wait for this to actually happen
Looks like the news in a few months.
Hhhhh
Stop trying to make men who paint their nails seem they can fight. Absolute trash.
Gay movie
I hope they are creative and it's not just a right vs left thing
Утром в газете -- вечером в куплете! Удачи всем сторонам будущей войны! ;)
Got to watch an early screener of this movie. It is absolutely brilliant! Was fully engrossed from start to finish. The sound design and mix is just top notch. Great cinematography too. Overall a very immersive experience. Definitely watch it in theatres if you get a chance!
Texas & California were once republics until they join the US
We are living among the enemy, is just that the opportunity for them to rise hasn't come yet. But it could come at any moment, and that's horrifying.
Lokks kinda like the military against the ys citizens... dont look like cival war to me
I love the high fantasy that California joins this organization... just so that there is some reason it doesn't turn instantly into the race war we all know it will be in real life.  If this happens, it will be the newly risen 5th riech of the American south that goes to war with the rest of the country, and EVERYONE knows it.
Fun fact: In the Russian unofficial distribution release, the movie was retitled "The Fall of the Empire".
Is this movie for the right wing gravy seals and their wannabe cosplay garbage?
The USA- the only country that has been gloriously masturbating to the baffling fantasy of it‘s own destruction ever since the 1950s.
Texas & California as a breakaway alliance is not as insane as it first appears. Both states are food, raw materials & energy independant or could become so with little additional effort. As standalone nations they would be weathier than Germany provided they secured the border to prevent an endless flood of refugees from overwhelming them.
Is this Alex Garland? Dredd was awesome.
Do people really think this would happen?? This is a METAPHOR for how divided we are as a country. No one is really gonna get up and fight each other for land we all live on. Y’all talk like it’ll happen but when did you ever got off your ass and sign up for any conflict related thing or even want to??? Hm. Exactly.
So a movie was made about "Americans killing Americans" I  just watch the local news and that covers all of it.....
Thanks a24 for more garbage bags of horrors. Everyone sure needs more of this right now. 😢
the walking dead without zombies
Wow,such an amazing video,,,,it's awesome..
Created by people that know nothing about America.
You and I broke the law and Jesus paid the price. God so loved the world that He gave His Son (Jesus Christ) that whoever believes in Him will not die but have everlasting life. John 3:16 Receive Christ and believe today the consequences are eternal!
Comes out April 12th? Just before Tax Day😅😅😅😅🎉
Pray that nothing like this ever happens in this country between the vast political ideologies that exist within this 🙏 country! It would be so terrible!
Dumb
Why is it not Florida and Texas why is it California and Texas lmfaoooo idiots
Foda demais, ansiosa pra ver !
Okay, but where's Captain America & Iron Man?
Green-haired soldier. LMAO
Tripe.
Texas with California  No way
This just confirms for me what I already knew. That the leftists who  make up the Establishment are starting a civil war intentionally.
Vai brasiiil
i’m kinda scared
It's going to happen... 6 million illegal immigrats
If this does not include the use of nuclear weapons its not worth seeing. A civil war in the USA would ultimately go nuclear.
Ранее на возможность гражданской войны в США намекали через кино и сериалы осторожно. В одном российском сериале на данные события намекнули ещё в 2017 году!!! Этот трейлер уже жирный намек на будущие события. Но как показывает практика очень много людей не верит в теории заговоров до того конца, пока их это не коснулось. Увы и ах!
Calm down people. A24 might as well be called Bait and Switch Productions. This movie will have CivWar2 as a backdrop for a more boring premise. Probably some *bundle of sticks* road trip across the country to deliver a mcguffin to an ex lover. All the actions scenes are in the trailers and other than that itll just be boring (pointless) long shots of CGI landscapes. Conservatives=ignorant useless idiots. Liberals=smart, noble (only a little cuckold) brave heroes. There I just saved you 2 boobless hours.
The way US society is at present, it will neighbor v neighbor in these big suburbs.
The sequel will be named "Civil War II: The Florida-Oregon Coalition of the Willing" 😂
Ron Swanson as president, I’m in
Well I can tell what flag the snipers are flying........
Nice documentary!
Jesus loves you, turn to Him
im rooting for whichever side is supposed to be the bad guys
This movie looks insanely high budget for A24
So they mentioned secession it kind of makes sense. California and Texas are the two biggest states that have talked about leaving the United States government and becoming their own nations so it almost makes sense they would team up to be their own independent countries and fight for their independence from the American government, even though the values are opposite typical
Won’t be a movie soon.
Always suspicious of films like this made by WOKE media, specially when many western television networks have carbon copy versions in the pipeline. Example the British BBC launch their version of a U.K. Civil War next month on their  TV channels. It will be interesting all the above come to the same conclusions.
This movie is being released four days after the total solar eclipse.
man these people dont waste time
This an AI movies feel very real and close!!
wagner moura again baby
Who wants to watch a movie about an imminent reality?  Oh yeah...everybody.
Oh do me a favour !
Is this what they mean by the term "Pre-Bunking"?
OH COME ON! 01:11 Are you frick'n kidding me? Now I know this movie is bull sh!t. Blowing up landmarks like that.....
00:45 what is that civilian helicopter model with rockets attached?
A lot of people running through halls and streets furiously looking down their sights. surprise
For everyone stating that Texas and California would never be on the same side of anything (which normally I would agree), keep in mind the President has become a dictator. Leaving out which party the President belongs to, Texas and California would absolutely be on the same side of not wanting a President for life.
exactly where bidens america is heading.
It isn't surprising that California and Texas have an alliance given that they both have their own independence movements.
This movie better be 3 hours long
I bet the pitch for this movie went like 'So, we want to make a movie about a Second American Civil War BUT, lets make the factions unrealistic so its not too realistic'  Side note, you really shouldnt release this movie this year. The last election could have easily ended in a civil war, and frankly this one could easily end in one too.
Another dystopian film. Just what Americans need 🙄
Fun fact: Texas and California combined would make up the worlds 3rd largest economy, only behind China and US, at almost $6 trillion in GDP. Also Texas has over 1 million registered firearms.
finally! USA vs USA , perfect!
"Let us trust God, and our better judgment to set us right hereafter. United we stand, divided we fall." -Patrick Henry  Im not American and my patriotism for the "United" States was damaged.
A24 IS KING
I can already tell this movie is going to be awful
If Trump gets re-elected
There’s a reason why they have military firing on the capital building, the military won’t fight for Biden
The California/Texas Alliance isn't an Alliance of ideology, it's an Alliance of forces under a common goal. To succeed from The Union. They don't need to like each other once their goal is achieved. They just need to achieve their goal.
Americans arguing in comments. Lord help us all. Why can't anyone just get along. I guess we were made to fight cause yall sure love to. Exactly what's wrong with the world. Everybody just plain evil
Perfect psyop before the election
Avengers: oh looks like my movie 🤡
As an european, i say let it happen, then maybe the european union will finally wake up and become self sufficent
This is what's known as "predictive programming." If that term is unfamiliar to you, you've got a lot of catching up to do. Better have a good internet connection, some coffee, and a few days off work if you want to get caught up.
Guns N Roses civil war song would be a great track for this film
How to get these separatist states to return to the Union?  Disconnect them from the national power grid. cut federal funding and food shipments and wait.
Texas' conflict with the federal government over migration on the Mexican border raises suspicions that a civil war in the United States is real.
Texas and Cali😢😂😂😂😂
Like a phoenix you shall rise from the ashes stronger than ever before🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Based on an upcoming true story 🤫
Coming soon between donald followers farmers vs democrats
Naive indian here, Which side had nuke or navy??
Look interesting
This would be the scariest war of all time.
Half of Americans wet dream.
I think civil war will happen in America probably between left wing liberals and right wing conservatives.
It all starts with Joe Biden whispering "get vaccinated" it's the law!
So the first Mexican American War was a Civil War too? You guys keep trying to call this Civil when it will be a war between two different Nations. Well at least two since we have the entire world on our magic dirt that my Nation created.
Isn't this film just promoting more gun violence! I'm outraged that a movie like this can still be released even after these recent mass shootings! Despicable glorification of gun violence in these movies needs to stop!
Todd From breaking bad meets Pablo escobar from narcos-on the opposite side!
Desensitized propaganda
perfect timing for releasing this movie
It"ll never happen
Of course....does MTG and/or Trump have a cameo in this movie?
Looks like I was beat to it.  Free state of Texas and Commifornia allying, must be a parallel universe that's not all too parallel lol.
One of my favorite books, I doubt it’ll get justice
All higher ranked officers are liberal woke clowns. They all would be on the same side.
Who tf in hollywood is trying to send us the public future messages. With the Ohio Train, Disease (rona) movie, and now civil war. Bruh. Bc As of now. Florida and Texas are fighting back due to immgration. And its starting to seem like texas wants out of union... due to Biden being a pain
Who thought this was a good idea of a movie? Especially nowadays and the year of election?
Cool! A movie of Bidens America in the near near future!!
Every red necks fantasy.
The painted nails at 00:28 tells me that sniper is fighting for team California.
Another war movie. Yawn
We all know who the enemy is here. It’s not Trump nor Biden. It’s our own government. Sadly people don’t notice that and they’re too busy arguing with each other. Our country is weak..
A24 cooking an action movie? That's wild
This movie will be box office in north korea
kinda of scary how our government is presently
Hollywood being Hollywood, profiting from social division.
South is definitely winning, too much crybabies
Watch the empire fall on an IMAX screen.
Too soon.
When Micheal Bay work for A24😂
I hope they don't glorify it.
La verdadera ficcion es pensar que podian vencer a rusia que tiene la estructura de la CCCP entre 29 paises mandando dinero y armamento.
Looks like a good movie, looking forward to it. Been watching A24 studios for awhile, many good movies, not sure how I feel about A '24 Civil War movie in year 2024......
It'll be Brandon's civil war . . . (or is it really Valerie or Susan/Obomination running the show?)
This looks like it's going to be stupid.
@emiarganaraz905 needs to graduate high school before he runs his mouth.
Looks like this is gonna think its doing something when it isnt
There just laughing in the vaxxed and brain washed face the nasa the government all lies space x all lies and you vaxxed fall for it every conspiracy the last 5 years has came true and this us next
Wagner Moura! I am in! Anyone who has seen Narcos knows this guy is the real deal actor. Very glad to see him in more films!
Is there kickstarter for this? 💥
I pray to this become true.
Yeah, like Texas and California is on the same side. What morans wrote this?  CA has been a blue state for along time and taken over by the illegals. If they revolt and join anything, it will be Mexico.
Now I see why they don't teach about the Yugoslavian Wars of the 1990s in schools.
Trying to use Hollywood to make us think it’s only fictional huh? Nice try!!!   Bring it on!!! “We the people!” Hoorah!!! 🔫💪🇺🇸
lol
É uma metáfora
people who have been wanting a "civl war" are gonna love this film 🙃
There is a purge coming, mark my word
Ron Swanson becomes his worst nightmare
coming to an America near you..
Desensitized Much Guys???
welcome to fucking war
if we just outlaw being a liberal. all problems would be solved
crazy how this anit being called propaganda because they released a movie called leave the world behind" then this? wow....(wake up)
This is a porn film for MAGA cultists and preppers who are exclusively fueled by owning the libs at the expense of themselves and the country.   They lust for this.
WE'RE LIVING IN DANGEROUS N SCARY TIMES WHEN CORRUPT DIRTY AG N DEMOCRATS GOING AFTER TRUMP LIKE THAT. MAYBE IT'S TIME WAR IF THEY STEAL THE ELECTION AGAIN. 🤷‍♂️
It would literally be New York and California vs the rest of the United States, and it would last less than a week. Let that sink in. Less than a WEEK.
Sounds like a fun idea. Just remember, if this happens in your country make sure you stream it. I doubt that will be a problem. So many streamers, its gonna be great.
is the timing of the release of this movie a coincidence...or is it just me?
1500 national guards deployed another thousand additional deployed during the watts riot and you couldn’t handle one little city what makes you think the government will handle America when it stands up in a real Civil War
I'd watch it. After pirating it of course.
Minus the terrible acting the movie looks decent.
anybody know what type of machinery is shown at 1:06?
I am not sure if it makes me sadder or not, but the next Civil War, should it happen, would be faster than this movie.  One side believe in guns and the other does not.  One side trains for fun and the other side does not know how to operate most of these weapons.  Pray we the People figure it out before it is too late.  The People's Military will not harm us, as those are our children, friends, and family.  We the People are Our ONLY enemy and that is why they are trying to turn us against each other. United, nothing ever devised in the history of mankind could stop us.
Mükemmel
This is the fiction that the MAGA crowd would love to see becoming a reality, in the name of their corroding christian nationalism.
That whistling America the beautiful is terrifying.
The only way i see this happening is if Trudeau ends up being a candidate for presidency
Texas and California??? GTFO lol
Süper
Is there a reason they chose to film it in like 30fps or 48fps? Looks very soap opera like.
Actually the whole blowing up the Lincoln memorial is interesting. Were enemies holing up in there because they believed the other side wouldn't dare destroy a beloved narional monument? Similar to WW2, how much respect is given to monuments and art and other national items that both sides of a civil war might love?
The most fucking irresponsible movie ever made.
Russia and China would love this, be careful people don’t let Republicans start this Civil War , vote blue .
all of this dude's movies have had surreal aspects to them; this seems more or less like a general war film but I am curious as to if it will also have some sort of surreal aspect
Way to get the itchy trigger fingers amped up!
Coming in real time this year.
I was expecting Guns N'Roses - Civil War to kick in
Aşırı iyi bir film olacak gibi duruyor heyecanla sinemaya düşmesini bekliyorum 🎉❤
Konusunu çok beğendim.İzleme listeme ekledim❤❤
Just come to Canada
When is it coming out?
Too soon
Hissediyor musun buna savaş deniyor...
Texas and California? YAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 😂😂😂😂
This is going to happen for real when all the resources are used up. That's why I am moving out of the US.
Is this a kaiserreich referance?
a
This is what I like about America despite of its flaws, they are not afraid to confront and explore any sensitive issues. This type of movies would never get made in Russia nor China.
This is a foreshadowing.
If, IF, IF there ever is another civil war in the US, there will be part of the military that upholds the constitution and will fight those in the military not abiding by the constitution. It will not be only citizens against the military.  Will I watch this?  Nope.
intresting movie
Oh great now we have Civil War porn for all the nut bags to fantasize about.  I’m so sick of Hollywood making devices gun laden bullshit.
War ebbs and flows but never stops. No matter who tries to tax me or kill me, I’ll still work every day to improve the economic wellbeing of other people.
I was at a burger joint the other day and I watched a fat middle aged man struggle to get in and out of his truck. The truck had a "the south will rise again" bumper sticker on it. I thought to myself "if the south rises too much, he won’t be able to get into it". I work in the trades in Kentucky and I’m around a lot of guys who like the idea of civil war and the purge but most of them couldn’t walk a mile up a slight incline. "Will this civil war have many stairs?" "Yes" . "Then count me out" . If they want to fight a battle, they should focus on the one with Adult Onset Diabetes that they’re currently losing. "From my cold dead necrotic foot" just doesn’t have a good ring to it tho.
Çok güzel bir fil
Çok güzel bir fil
bana guvenin ve bu filme baslayin
According to the Guardian, military oppression of Donbass people in 2014, or in other words, the civil war in Ukrainie, started after CIA director John Brennan and US vice-president Joe Biden visited Kyiv. Hope for Americans that these guys are not in office.
Gerçek bir savaşın içinde olma hissi...çok başarılı
Óia o wagner moura
Klasik amerikan Savaş filmlerine harika❤ bir alternatif
Super olmuş
One of the best movies I have ever watched.
One of the best movies İ have ever watched.
One of the Best movies
Süper harika bir film 🎉
son zamanlarda gordugum en guzel trailer lardab biriydi film hakkinda olumlu izlenimler aldiriyor.
Süper harika bir film.
Farklı bir tad var iyi bir iş çıkarmış ekip tebrikler 👍
Bilim kurgu filimlerini sevdiğim için beğendim
Süper harika bir film.
We don't need this movie. Bad propaganda 😑
Nice
The image quality is good, and the fact that it is a film with technologies close to today increases its attractiveness
Çok güzel
I like this!
İyi film ❤
Çok ama çok harika bir film
Muhteşem bir film
Sahneler gayet kaliteli oyuncular çok iyi  emeğinize sağlık bravo 👋
An excellent movie that should be watched for action lovers, the actors give a truly extraordinary performance.
Filmi beğendim tavsiye ederim
Süper harika bir film.
I'm so excited fot the new one
افلام السرعة والحركة السريعة والمونتاج العالي
Güzel bir yapit tavsiye ederim
Süper harika bir film🎉
Harika süper film
Aksiyon, heyecanın hat safhada olduğu bir film
A24film good montaj and interesting high top
gerçekten çok mükemmel bir fragman çok özenle yapılmış
Güzel film
Hafta sonu izlenecek güzel bir film
İzemeye deger
You can experience exciting and action at its peak
En sevdiğim film içeriklerinden biri çok beğendim
Güzel film
Güzel fragman
İlginç Bir film izlenebilir
KESİNLİKLE İZLEYİN
Çok iyi bir bilim kurgu filmi bayıldım..❤
Muazzam etkileyici bir fragman filmin daha fazla etkileyici olacağını düşünüyorum dört gözle bekliyorum.
Bu harika filmi izlemeyi kaçırmamanızı tavsiye ederim
Güzel fragman
Ok güzel bir film. Begendim
Gerçekten çok güzel bir film izlemeyen pişman olur
Bu harika filmi izlemeyi kaçırmamanızı tavsiye ederim
kesinlikle izlemeye değer
Beğendim🎉🎉
Yapımda emeği geçen herkese teşekkür ediyorum mükemmel olmuş
Bundan izledim yabacı izlemiştim
Interesting story. Are they trying to be independent?
Teşekkür ederim güzel bir çalışma izledim
Güzel film
yine aksiyon dolu bi seneryoyla karşımıza gelen yönetmen şaşırtmad ı tek kelimeyle mükemmel
Mükemmel bir calisma
If you want to get stressed out from the beginning to the end of a real science fiction movie, be sure to watch it.
Bol aksiyonlu güzel bir film fragmanı izlemek için sabırsızlanıyoruz
Amerikanın çöküşüne hazırlanın. Gerçekçi bir yaklaşım.
Müthiş bir şey
I will be very happy to watch this movie.
Çok güzel film
Super ❤🎉
Gerçek bir bilim kurgu filmi tavsiye ederim.
Çok güzel bir film
Bence mükemmel olmuş yapımda emeği geçen her kesin ellerine sağlık
🎉🎉🎉
Bence harika sahneler var izlemenizi öneririm
فيلم رائع حماس وإثارة اعشق افلام الاكشن
çok sürükleyici bir aksiyon filmi herkese tavsiye ederim beğendim
Ok lets go
Efsane bir film
Çok iyi film
Aksiyon dolu bir film
Gerçekten inanılmaz bir film gibi görünüyor
Iyidir
Çok güzel
Mükemmel
Böylesine iyi bir filmi kaçırmayın derim 😮
Çok güzel bir film
I stand with texas never and every parriot
Texas California & Florida would be a great movie or TX & Fla for realistic value
Tim Stool
Nerdrotic,yellowflash,critical drinker,Endymion and Ben Shapiro would approve with this film
I wonder if they try to tar republicans and Christians as the enemy
Pablo Escobar lost some weight
This is not fiction bcz its
very gail
The divided states of America 🇺🇸
I believe that I have one thing correct. Jesse Plemon's character took those stupid red glasses of a dead woman as a trophy.
Idiocracy : The prequel
For democracy  - Some Helldiver -
I swear if Pedro pascal is in this movie I’m gonna lose it….
This is just overkill as a reaction to a piddling 3 hour riot on Jan. 6th don't you think?
Does not seem like a typical A24 movie.
I want to like this movie but I just can’t. It doesn’t really feel like a war movie at all. This is a very unique scenario to make a film about yet it just feels all wrong. The war seems too conventional and there doesn’t seem to be a focus on things like militias or insurgency, things that would likely be playing into the setting. The movie also looks too safe, it doesn’t have that grittiness a war movie should have.
Propaganda again preying on the fears of the weak. Waste of money. Be careful what you ask for.
This has been prophesied at [ Matthew Chapter 24: 20-22  ]  "Keep praying that your flight may not occur in wintertime nor on the Sabbath day; 21  for then there will be GREAT TRIBULATION+ such as has not occurred since the world’s beginning until now, no, nor will occur again.+ 22  In fact, unless those days were cut short, no flesh would be saved; but on account of the chosen ones those days will be cut short"    however this event will be happening Worldwide.
0:39 looks like the humble beginnings of the WLF hq from TLOU2
Juuust your shameless  entertainment industry easing you towards civil war and large scale riots.
Civil War is Short for 4th industrial Revolution.  The reason for the 1st Civil War was the 1st industrial Revolution.  It consolidated  Power to have easier control over all the states.  It was not for emancipation. Lincoln could have exercised the Power of " imminent domain".  Then send Federal Troops to the 1% who owned slaves. To declare a Military Action against it's own citizens was the worst Treasonous thing he could have done.
Pedro Pascall from Wish!
Oh great. That’s all the US needs right now.
How'd California and Texas end up on the same side? Mexicans.
Good video
"Western Forces of Texas and California" What Marvel Universe are we in?
Beware of tunnels, your real enemy is in there, american 🤭
SPOILER ALERT : It´s about McDonald´s taking over the government.
Well we know what would happen to all the anti gun woke leftists…
the dummiest plot from the puppeter
Saw it, liked it. At least as much as you can like a movie that doesn't seem so far fetched anymore and shows the terror such a scenario would bring. Personally I would have liked a bit more exposition, but I guess in the context of the movie it makes sense to keep the backstory a bit vague and thus blur the lines between good and evil.
Home is center of life.  Universe.  World seems crazy.  It is crazy.  But it gets better everyday. Do a 3 day no internet fast
0:05 Damn, they even have boogaloo boys in this 🤯
Texas could TAKE California, and then California would be pro Texas. It’s possible.
I find it funny...pay attention
Но сразу скажу этого не случится в реале но есть у меня (хоть и не реальная )  но идея  что  после кое каких событий будет РША (Республиканские штаты Америки ) и ДША  (Демократические  штаты Америки )   вот сценарий какой возможно будет будущее у США  (и да это лишь мои мысли и мнение так что игнорьте)
Окей
Isn't it weird that A24 is doing an action movie?
That slightly off-key whistling just made this trailer so perfect 👌
I'm all prepared to be utterly disappointed by the script; reason for civil war, build up to it, the warnings we could be heeding and what being a regular person living thru it would be like.   On the other hand i'm sure it has lots of things blowing up and really cool CGI.   It will probably have zombies, to keep the kids interest. Just keep dumbing it down and none of it will matter.
I have a feeling that the next election, America will have different parties with almost the same number of votes. We are not talking about Republicans and Democrats only. There is a whole new dimension coming forward: pro-Zionist party vs non pro-Zionist party. It will be a multi-faction election. This will mean that political leaders might accuse each other of rigging the election if anyone wins and no one will want to back down. People will start to stand by various ideologies and become more militant. Seems to be a repeating pattern in countries that experienced civil wars.
The civil war of today would be much different then the first one for one it wouldn't be north vs south individual states and institutions like the military would be split down the middle.
was hoping for an Alien or two
I'm just here for the combat
I’d rather have a Civil War than hear that horrid whistle for another second. 🤮
Closest thing I'm going to get to a Shattered Union movie. I'm in.
Movie should come out November 2024
Only small areas of California are democrats.    Rural farmland makeup 40% of the GOP vote.   My guess is they are fed up and take over the state with the help of Texas and other Trumplican states
This is what the civil war would like. If you want to know what a civil war would look like look into Ukraine
When a movie predates the looming doom ahead, and is later recognised as a documentary, just like 'Idiocracy', or that Klan movie.
Im so exited to watch this movie
Freedom simulator incoming!
IRL there's nothing CA & TX would ally on in a civil war---unless it was against an invasion, maybe, but look at the border now. So idk about that, just doesn't seem likely. These two states/republics have VERY different opinions on how the US should handle itself, damn near opposites. Least likely alliance imo. But its just a movie at the end of the day, i just believe the timing is very tasteless and reckless for where we are in this country and it makes me feel like its instigating and gaslighting us further adrift like some experiment. And for the sentiment of it, I have no respect for the production of this.
ALL A24 movies look the same.
I have a feeling in our lifetime we might see this happen IRL
Oh yeah let's celebrate the idea of a civil war. If there is a civil war in the US it won't be one group of states vs another. It will be neighbir vs neighbor. It will be people going house by house "cleansing" their neighborhood of peoole who dared to disagree with them about their politics. It is the most un-American thing you can think of. I know this is a stupid movie but it just fuels the nuts who want something like this to happen because they believe the lies politicians tell them to divide us.
0:22 ,dingdong dantes
I know which side i am on 😂
why would anyone make a movie like this...
Texas and...excuse me?
Even though local police have increasingly received military grade equipment and vehicles only one side has nukes. Boom roll the credits.
Such a dumb concept
as a non-american this is kinda funny
Predictive programming ⬆️
Damn I can't wait for the movie and the real thing soon.
the wet dream of the deepstate
I don't think I'll be watching this or that Pandemic movie until at least 2026
Not so fiction, is it America? God bless and amen. 🇬🇧
*remember frens dont wear multicam, only feds*
Looks like something that would go straight to Netflix 🤔🧐
No thanks, today's reality is stressful enough.
If you really think about it. This movie is not far-fetched at all.
Never seen the spotter set up over the snipers shoulder like that b4
Ron Swanson becomes president of the US and everyone starting a civil war. He really lived up to the government does nothing idea
After this movie, the real Civil War starts
We do not need this kind of movie right now.....
Texas wiuld win
This movie looks like dogshit
Can't wait for the dope school shoot out scene 🙌 😂
The parallels between this and real life are too close for comfort. My goodness!
So, China backed this little project?
Who needs a movie, fiction, tRump 2024 will accomplish the same thing; The End Times, a new Dark Age$.
Would a Civil War or a WW3 is more likely to happen now?
This is what passes for entertainment now?   A for Absolute Shite.
It makes no sense to make a movie about that subject.
Gonna watch it to see what they actually get right and what they get wrong when it actually happens this November.
Putin would love this and pay big bonus potato to operatives in the US for mission accomplished.
Dis some bullshit
Pablo is back
I'm rooting for the rebels.
Gen Z when war isn't a Cool montage clip with my little dark age blasting from the sky
I don’t care what team you say is the good guy. I’m not gonna be rooting for the island tree boys with the Easter egg finger nail polish
This actually isn’t that far fetched the way things are going…except for the Texas and California alliance portion.
The military would have to make a choice about which side they were on and if their families dissagreed what then ? People versus government or people verses people brought about by government propaganda. The choice today in every western country is people verses the elites and government not people verses people because THEY are not people they are the parasites in charge of this ungodly mess THEY are creating to destroy the people which governments and elites detest and want rid of ,so whose side would YOU be on if it came down to it ??  Governments, WEF, UN,WHO, NATO, EUROPEAN LEADERS ???? THE FUTURE IS NOT SET YET ! WE ALL OF US WILL SET IT.
If there is a civil war in the United States it wont go down like this at all.   At all. The dynamic for a civil war here would make it more akin to a revolution or a coup de etat, but not a civil war.
It all boils down to sexual competition.
I'm rooting for Texas!!
Hi. Writing this from the future. And I just gotta ask: Is this a documentary?
Theyre trying to incite civil war, they are doing everything in their power to necessitate marshall law
Coming up on real life in 2030
Exactly what’s going to happen if these liberal states remove Trump from the ballot or if they do fraud again.
I did not expect to feel unsettled and insulted when they launched a grenade on the Lincoln memorial.  I guess I am American, and I do revere certain things.
Media fear mongering
❤
A second American civil war would be far more destructive than the first.
What an out of touch movie. If there's ever a civil war, it'll definitely be between Texas and the government, but also Loisiana, Florida, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, just to name a few. Democratic states will be the minorities.
They say the CIA and hollywierd are in kahoots with what's going to happen
I hope there’s also foreign intervention in the movie cause you know Russia/China would be supporting one side while NATO would be supporting another to see who gets a piece of the pie when the war ends.
They show us through films what they have planed to do. Don't let them succeed.
Politicians should be forced to fight Each other instead of the people they “serve”…
Can't wait to see who they paint as the "bad guys". Something tells me it'll be the right wingers, since they're already labeled as "domestic terrorists".
Why would you make a movie about a horror like this?  Some Americans (who wear red hats) are hoping a civil war happens soon. That wish is insane. Yes, things are frustrating today. But a civil war will be so much worse then anything happening today. Christ, please don't encourage the crazy fantasies of the nutters.
Really good. Why ? It's A24.
This is what those Trump supporters want to happen in our nation.
I know people are complaining about it, but Texas and California are actually very very much likely to align forces considering the problems that they both have with illegal immigrants. It doesn't matter that their values are slightly different when it comes down to it if a Civil War happens, this is probably the most accurate map we have of it. Everybody's laughing until it actually happens. I'll be waiting for comments in a few years so I could say I told you so. 😂😂😂
Can we have NCR and Brotherhood of steel factions in the movie.
So, basically this is one giant re-election campaign ad for the Biden Admin? (free too) It's no coincidence this is being released in 2024.
This better have a true an plausible scenario. Otherwise that may be failed
Going to take a wild guess here.  Most of the bad guys are going to be White people with fascist leanings. Most of the good guys are going to be a racially diverse group of people fighting to save democracy.  Must have been a real struggle for the script writers to come up with such an original screenplay.  Sigh!
It isn't going to be the South against the north. It is going to be Americans that are fed up with the governments bull shit . And want change  You people remember why we fought the British.
It may seem fictional but it is starting to be a possibility. Open your eyes Americans.
I don't care ron is finally the president
You know its not a Gov psyop when they [ut cali and texas on a team
A far right's wet dream
The cinematography is always on point
A24 at it again.
Redneck Texans working with woke gay Californians? 😅
Predictive programming.
Things are Really Happening!! -WLP
They should ban this kind of movies
''Predictive programming''
When do the zombies show up?
The Democrats have been saying secession is illegal for the last 8 years so they're the evil Government in this movie.
Really? Now that's gonna take some serious suspension of disbelief that there's an... alliance?? Between ... Texass and ... Cali????  I am also noticing as I become more aware of how the world actually works that the dystopian fictions are actually a sort of lollipop of cheap sugar to distract us with a fanciful version of Apocalypse that is so completely unlikely and illogical is to be itself a kind of psychological warfare operation inasmuch as it numbs us to the actual apocalypse that has already started.  I've yet to see a single solitary dystopian fiction that comes even close to what is actually already scientifically validated to already be happening.  it's my main reason to torture myself to stay alive w S4 Cancer cos this body is a jalopy and is in "zombie mode" where functions keep failing.  But the brain still (mostly) works and I feel it's my duty to warn and try to at least build a solution.  If I were a good writer, perhaps I'd make the ultimate apocalypse fiction - by just making the plot personal of what's already happening.  Like what happens when most shipping ports shut down bc they've drowned?  I just overheard one Doctor talking to my Doctor out in the hallway. In front of literally 2 dozen people that he moved from Norfolk, Virginia to Richmond Virginia, because the seaman that he was providing medical services for told him that the US navy was abandoning one of the largest ports in the world because they couldn't find a way to make it useful as Sea level rise was soon going to drown it.  And that doesn't even touch the fact that we are repeating the Permian Mass Extinction pattern of destroying the phytoplankton that makes 70% of Earth's oxygen by Ocean Acidification!  We have a moral obligation Earth's dominant species to reverse the  40% loss of Oxygen production in the last mere 50 years!  We must do this by removing the excess carbon - and we can by making fuel from the air using the sun and thereby all the combustion engines become solar powered using the same liquid fuels they're already designed for.  Then in stage 2 we use the same towers to make solids like bricks and roadways and it pays for itself!  Google "ETH Zurich" and SAF (sustainable aircraft fuel) and realise we can do this for ALL combustion engines!  When in trouble, STOP DIGGING THE HOLE!!  We must stop getting oil out of the ground if we are to have any legacy at all.
This will be happening here very soon. Thank you Joe Biden!
Capitão Nascimento largou o BOPE pra trabalhar pros EUA??? achei realista!
No need to see the movie when real life is already happening
0:06 do I see some BoogBois?!
Wait commies and fascist join sides.....
Ron Swanson has finally reached the end of the belly of the beast and figured out how to bring all of this crumbling to the ground.
How do we get this in real life?......We need this to happen
Estados DESunidos da América, entendí!
I'll buy Texas seceding, but not with California along side it.
They had Texas and Cali team up to try to make this ar least a little fictional lol. This shit is predictive programming
Currently, if we had a cival war, it wouldn't be between states, but between political sides. Democrats vs Republicans. Since democrats hate guns, police, military, men, and women, I can guarantee you they wouldn't win lol
This is going to be nothing bit hollywood propaganda aimed at American patriot citizens, making the communist agenda seem like its the only path forward. Psshhh grow up people.
An entire trailer without Black people for a movie talking about a fictional civil war in America. You’re not even trying to hide your dreams of erasure anymore.
PREDICTIVE PROGRAMMING. BUCKLE UP PEOPLE. ITS COMING
Vote Trump 2024 and he can end this civil war
Liberal good  Conservative bad
I'm guessing Trump is the president when this happens
Y’all better stay away from Canada when this starts popping off… we will secure the border
Gravy Seals out in force with prime rib and brisket.
of course commifornia is full of liberals but just because one is blue and one is red, doesn’t mean they wouldn’t band together to fight a common enemy. If you have ever read a chapter in any history book. People come together to fight a common Enemy all the time.
Not gonna lie, this looks incredibly stupid to me.
Yes Hollywood, who has proven over and over how out of touch you are with reality, tell us how it will go down.
For me personally, the only movie that predicts or looks visually like real-life dystopia  is Children of Men . The visuals and the dystopian way it was filmed with large crowds , breathtaking cinematography, and gritty shots  is what makes it unique. On the other hand, this shit looks like a cheesy terrorist action movie like White House down focused more on individual characters rather than the collective emotions of the people.
So Florida is on the same side as Texas and California in this war? No wonder the Loyalists are losing.
Спасибо! Судя по всему, фильм эпический! Будем посмотреть!
Did anybody figure out what the Story Line was? is? Gonne be? from that clip?
For the Confederate 🗿
An alliance between Texas and California? What next, an alliance between New York and Florida? 😂
Really... this is how desperate Hollywood is for scripts......?
Civil War would start and end with a foreign country invading and taking over. Mark my words.
Chinese government 😃 Russian government 😎 American government 😍 Americans 😒
Should have come out July 4th
Looks pretty mid ngl
So, is this a well produced cautionary tale or a blueprint?
great idea. give peeps ideas to do this
Meh.
All this trailer needs a little... "I DON'T NEEEEED YOUR CIVIL WAR... IT FEEDS THE RICH WHILE IT BURIES THE POOR"
Predictive programming - will your predictive programming account for the Quantum Dragon?
Alex Garland!
A24 never ceases to amaze me fucking looking forward to this
Two Civil Wars are coming in about 15 years !
Revolutions are romantic until men must start dying.
Damn. I feel like I can’t take the movie seriously since its alliances are unrealistic and not a representative scenario of what would be based on the current political climate. Other than that it looks pretty cool.
They laugh until they realize it has happened before
Me and the Ghosts of millions of Dead Civilian Iraqis, Libyans, Serbs, Afghanis and Syrians to name but a few are going to sit down with a big bucket of caramel popcorn to watch this one Should be riveting
This stresses me out because it will happen
2 genders vs 81 genders
Ron Swanson finally became President
It would not just be the states vs the federal government. Both Russia and China would get involved. After all Presidio bay would make a great warm water port for the PLA navy and Alaska is a stones throw away from Russia's borders.
i was waiting for Cap and Tony 😢
Guess I'm part of the Florida alliance 😂😂😂
By this time next year we’ll just need to tune in to Fox or CNN to watch this unfold.
Strangely satisfying.
I'll stick the God's love man only makes it  own war
Did USA invade itself in the name democracy and freedom jihad?
crazy how real this movie is besides the fact that california and texas formed an alliance
Shooting nothing but tracers looks very coo, this movie looks great
Great movie to warm up for elections 😂
keeps showin the gay trans colors
Well, their best hope on this is Alex Garland. The man has some experience directing some large films.
In a world where politicians and the shadow government promote division, ignorance, and detachment from world problems it is only inevitable that human beings will go to war with each other without really knowing why or how it all started. We live in dangerous times. A world full of weak people used to their daily comforts and to the illusion that nothing can ever go wrong. Such as losing electricity. Or running out of toilet paper.
Dear citizens of Texas and California,  This is Ron Swanson writing you an open letter. I've seen both in this trailer and the last top comments along the lines of how unrealistic an alliance between you is, even outlandish. I beg to differ. Not only that I argue it is your only real chance at success in your individual departures.  I would even go so far as implore you to coordinate and secede together simultaneously, and immediately thereafter declare a mutual defense pact -- an "article 5", if you will -- were an attack on one is considered an attack on both.  Each of you both represent a huge portion of the US's GDP. By leaving together and absolving yourselves of any former federal debt you could perhaps trigger a sovereign debt crisis in Washington; which is exactly what you will want at the start of any conflict.  Alone - neither of you have any real chance. But together - you just might have a shot.  Sincerely, R.U. Swanson  PS. Oh and California, get your fiscal house in order. And Texas, separation of church and state is vital to any republic.  I'd wish you both good luck, but that's a term invented by the weak to explain away theirs failures.
Is that a documentary from the future ?
While California and Texas being allies is far fetch, the fact is that if they did join up, they would be a strong country. Someone did the math and that if California and Texas were to separate from the Union, they would invade Nevada and NM to join the land. Once that happens, they would have the 3rd largest economy after USA and China. And the 5th strongest army.
Wagner Moura is in this movie. Great brazilian actor.
Merica 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 WE STAND TOGETHER!
America is Beautiful
it's not a movie, it's a documentary.  good luck to my slow witted friends south of the boarder, you made your bed....
Conservatives cut the power grids, knocked out WiFi and the socialist surrendered, roll credits.
This is a little too prophetic, i wonder how its going to be covered up ws much as possible
It's disgusting how close to this garbage we actually are because of blatant stupidity and people believing the nonsense on most of the major  news networks trying to make a buck off of anger and fears.
How tf did the whistling activate some thing in my brain that made me so uncomfortable, I love it
정말 기대합니다. 개봉하면 보러 갑니다~~~
California Will Demolish Texas in a Heart beat
The first casualty of war is the truth
0:24
First time I’ve seen a Civil war trailer and realized the book on a modern day civil war I’m writing is more complex than this
It’s crazy there are over 9 million views
I liked the Morbius cameo.
My favorite part of this is pretending it wouldn't just be people vs the government or party vs party. For starters, the military would never split down the middle, every service member would likely be on the same side outside of a few outliers. Secondly, one party is vastly advtanged over the other just based on 2nd amendment and militaristic principles alone, it wouldn't be close.
Goes true in next 20 years
Blue states will surely lose. They aint built for struggle.
You know an alliance between Texas and California is not as far fetched as some of y’all think. The actual people have more in common than you realize(which is why they’re constantly swapping residents). The political elite want to create the division for their own interests. California and Texas are the only two states that at one point were independent republics. In fact California’s state flag has a star and that star represents Texas as a show of solidarity after having gained its independence immediately after Texas did. They also have two of the most powerful economies in the Union. If they joined forces they could probably pull it off tbh
Putin's dream with the GOP's help  and people on here posting support for the fucking traitors.
4.2 million gun owners in California. Of course Texas wants to ally with us.
At what point does this type of media have a detrimental effect on what’s going on?
This just shows how completely out of touch hollyweird writers are these days. Texas would never be allied with the Communist Republic of California, lol!!  Floriduh and Texas would completely wipe out the west coast and upper east coast, if anything.  But you go on with your "orange man bad" weirdness, lol...
does not make sense.  no way Texas and California are aligning together.  Stupid story.
leftist wet dream
I feel a civil war today would go down like this. I can't Invision the military getting involved (in terms of direct conflicts). What I can imagine are a bunch of pissed off civilians from one side and another side fighting each other. No uniforms, no government... Just civilians vs civilians.
It hurts my brain to think of a civil war at this capacity with the militaries that are in california and texas actually leaving the U.S and thats mainly because they all wear multicam, Marpat and all use the same equipment a small flag patch on your vest isnt gonna be a good enough indication to people if your friend or foe
Gonna be the blockbuster of the summer. A24 will deliver.
To people who say this could never happen, you haven't been paying attention to the warning signs. You'll see a lot more in 2024.
You lost me at Texas and California alliance 😂
Something feels off about this movie. Based on this trailer, it looks like a high production Asylum movie.
If Florida secedes, we should just let them go.
“It’s tempting to see your enemies as evil. But there’s good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought”-Jorah Mormont.  I TRULY HOPE that they go in that kind of direction with this.
Movie is gonna be better then Joker 2
Yes directors giving the insurrectionists and militias bright ideas?? Who created and allowed this crap for real.?? Show should be cancelled
"My mommy always said there were no monsters - no real ones - but there are. Why do they tell little kids that?"  --   Newt, Aliens
The OTHER  MULTIVERSE
Republicans are actually clamoring for a day like this thinking they'll go out and get every POC and put them down.
We Texans don't cater , nor cotton to them Ca-Ca-fornians 💩 none !
Mexico would be building the wall fast if this actually happened.
they form a new government and take down the old government I think that's what's going on here😮🤔
This movie could also be called. November 2024.
With what the Democrats are doing to this country.. This is more than just fiction.  They are going to make this a reality.
I do not see Texas and California making an alliance in this situation......
looks better and better
an alliance between Texas and California makes it a less "red state v. blue state" type of story on the outside. which is good. Get past the nonsense and tell a compelling story.
People really are dumb: libs saying “no chance against tanks and drones” when the real question is: what happens AFTER the US govt uses drones on citizens on their own soil? Y’all aren’t ready for the follow through.
California cant even defeat the homeless let alone survive on their own.
Internet trolls and trailer park Boomers watching this. And drooling with excitement.
I'm pretty sure this is going to be woke.
Florida vs Texas and Cali?! xDDDDDDDDDDDD
So many right wingers want this to happen to the US. They are clueless, coddled, and entitled. They think movies are real.
Obviously this is just cleaned-up for Hollywood. If a situation like this happened, it would be a complete mess.   It would be more like Bosnia or Kosovo. Except with more looting and false information on social media.
Could be a decent movie but tbh, I feel like it's just gonna be a movie the far-right jerks off to
From Medellin to Texas 👍
This better play the son Civil War by Guns N' Roses.
Democrats have always hated America and individual liberty. That's why they fought a war to preserve slavery. That's why they segregated the national anthem. That's why they trample the American flag and create Marxists "autonomous zones".
Offering free gender affirming surgery for any lefty coming down my street
The dumbest civilian warporn I've seen to date. Y'all don't understand war, you don't grasp it's meaning. I know this because you think it's cool and entertaining. Some of you call for it.   Fortunately the ones calling for violence are at the level of calling themselves a sniper, while flaunting bright green hair....
Good luck America, this is going to be real life very very soon except citizens wont stand a chance against drones, gunships, tanks etc.
Western California would break away from the eastern side of California. That would be more realistic
They love to secretly tell you what’s coming next in their evil plan through the movies. This is no different.
So many of the comments here are so weird, like its completely impossible to divorce this movie from current day politics and just go see if it will be interesting hahah like sure, okay we get it, but still, its just a movie, Imo.
Corrrnnballlll
Well since NY has most of the money 💰 both Texas and California would be in a world of shit!😂🎉
So, it's a documentary then about what happens if Trump loses 2024.
This looks super dumb
The timing on this movie is insane
We ARE! INDEED! Heading towards a REAL CIVIL WAR! Illegal immigrants, inflation and black reparations?
did she change her mind on taking the picture mid shot?
written at cia headquarters
wonder why they’re dropping this during election year…
Predictive programming at its best we will watch it on tvs and experience this reality especially with sun emitting cmes back to back be prepared for civil uprising whixh will cause catastropic wars
A lot of -steins and -bergs involved in the making of this movie.
America if trump wins
Irresponsible. Won’t be watching this one. Do better.
People actually think something like this could happen. If you do, you should be banned from voting
I'm really hoping the ending has a message that'll bring us together, rather than tear us apart more.
remember guys. this is a warning, not inspiration
A24 never fails
Wonderful.. more divisive propaganda.
Escobar stil alive!
That's right libs, we have all the guns.
No one really believes in the government enough to do this. I sure don't. F the government
this aint it bud
It would be Arizona, And Texas not California 😂
Good close up on the guy pink fingernails I almost jump out my Chair when I seen that I would tell you how I really feel but this is not YouTube from 2000's we gone soft in the USA
What is coming is a war for survival like what happened on the Eastern front between Germany and the USSR, and the 90s Balkans War.
Texas, March 17, 2025
I see A24 and I know it's going to be a banger
The whistling was awful 🫠
What a silly movie
Wouldn’t have minded this to be a multiple seasons tv-show
Fun to consume fear based trauma films !
If you’ve ever seen a red vs blue county map of the US rather than just red vs blue states, you’d already know that all the right would have to do is cut off the shithole major democrat cities from supplies for about two weeks and the left will cannibalize itself in no time. Funny thing is it already started in NYC this week
Let's do this thing.
the third great peril
Theres a reason I don't watch your modern cinematic excrement.
I could see california getting nutters enough that folks finally get fed up....and it can't be understated just how extreme in the opposite direction much of Northern California is. There's some profoundly ignorant scum of all types filling that state.
Could that be more depressing?
Right idea, but they showed that they're going to wimp out when they start talking about Texas and California being on the same side.
This is dumb.
Maybe it's good, maybe not. That title is pretty bland, though
Plot: *Taking place after events of Marvel’s Civil War; Texas and California declare war on President Ron Swanson*
This is what China and Russia want so they can pick the bones. Be careful what you wish for.
Prophecy
Texas and California teaming up is like Muslims and Jews praying together...  Just aint never guna happen.
“You don’t know what side they’re fighting for.”  That’s why they use colorful armbands in Ukraine.
when this actually happens its because the L E F T  decided to GO F U L L   R E T A R D.  C o m m u n i s t.
Wishful thinking for the small hats
Deep state propaganda masked as entertainment during an “election” year? Never
this is looking to just be a good movie.
The fact is, that if the US entered a Civil War right now, foreign allies would split based on ideology and eventually SOMEONE would launch a nuke.  An American Civil War would mean the end of Civilization.
Yea I love his other movies… but someone should have told him… uh… No… I guess a British director / writer - imagining a civil war in USA was a bit off the beaten path for his logic.  It’s ok Alex! We still love you… but … no.  Not even plausible in that set up… come by and we will explain how to fix this haha.
finally a fun popcorn movie....
Civil war! What is it good for!?
A movie based on true events released before the actual events.
State of California and Texas "allying"   There's a greater chance of Texas allying themselves with Russia than California, lmfao.
& of course the actual good guys will be cast as the bad guys
predictive programming?
Truly stupid and unrealistic.  The entire Military is 90 percent right wing.
Predictive programming?
first trailer was definitely much better at setting the scene and striking an emotive tone
Arcade Fire the suburbs as a soundtrack would fit perfectly
Ever get the feeling that movies are being used to incite a reaction?
Anyone who thinks this will happen is dented. Can't wait to see what "never will happen" plot device they use to kick this off.   Also I bet all the Republicans watching are getting boners hoping it happens.
I love how the journos are portrayed as civilians and not as the Langley employees that they actually are.
I love ridiculous dystopian shit like this for entertainment purposes only.
Most Americans 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 when polled preferred Donald Trump to win the Presidency..89% of those polled out of 78 million from red and blue states...a WHOPPING !!! 92% did NOT want any more money wasted on Ukraine whilst our own country is being invaded by MILLIONS of migrants...changing the country forever...Democrats hoping those millions of migrants will vote Democrat when elligible in a year or so....😣
going to watch just because of Wagner Moura is in it.
Oh goodie! Something for the incels to whack off too
1:00-1:09 i thought it had changed to the Australian national anthem 😂
The unrealistic part is thinking that Biden’s side would stand a chance since vast majority of the military is conservative and won’t turn guns on family and friends therefore the military might is 90-95% owned and operated by the conservatives and so the real civil war IF it happens will be short and allow sanity to return to America.
Lol this is so political
Jericho
I’m actually not surprised the two most arrogant and toxic states in California with their tik tockers and attention seeking liberals and Texas their equally  insane and even more toxic Conservatives work together in the future since they think they know about America than rest of the country lmao. F them and hope they actually don’t ruin America like in this movie.
You can tell this is done by a quality filmmaker. Looks great, amazing cinematography too.
"In a world where Ron Swanson has siezed absolute power..."
Yoooo I have a small role in this and am over the freakin moon right noooooow!!!!!!
Idk why but it kinda gives "The Purge" vibes. I like it
i love this movie perfect.
Shiiit im suprised Mississippi aint in this
just show us lol
The unavoidable reality for the US! When this happens the rest of the world will experience peace!
Texas is the only state with it's own power grid, think about it.  Plus a port, oil and centrally located in the Americas.
some would call this "foreshadowing" ....
God Bless Texas my loyalty is To Texas Not the United states
Honestly...I wouldn't find separation from the current government...
This is an example of pred I ctive programming.
plot of the movie: white people bad directed by: schmueli goldsteinberg please clap
Love the whistling
First trailer was better
It’s going to be every state vs California.
If anything...I feel this movie would be a wake up call for the Left. Running around in rainbow parades isn't going to protect your future as much as weaponry.
who thought this would be a good idea
So long as we do not let this become a self fulfilling prophecy.
This is the first A24 movie trailer that made me go, "uhhh are you absolutely sure about this one, guys?
nice. america by what 2026 ? or 2028?
Another liberal biased movie 😂
This a documentary?
No country in the world would even think of invading the USA—not China. Not Russia. Not North Korea. they’re waiting for something like this. God help us all if it actually ever happened. The most armed country on the planet. Period.
"Welcome to the desert lf the Real" you dreaming It, you wanted
A bunch of people are going to watch this and think YEAH LETS DO THAT and that scares me quite a bit. Can we all just chill out please? Jeeeeesus.
From the video I’m pretty sure Texas and California are not aligned.
A24 best comedy movies of 21st century 😂
“Please let this be a normal movie” WITH TODAYS SOCIOECONOMIC CLIMATE? NO WAY! *magic school bus theme plays*
😞
At least we know the democrats won’t have any guns..
Now that I think about it, they might not be implying an alliance between Texas and California,  rather that they are simply being recognized as "western forces" by the United States.
I stopped the trailer at the pink and blue nail colored soldier
Texas and California:  The only states that could truly thrive without the Unied States.
El dia del Oso 🐻
Hey look the government told hillywood to make a movie depicting Americas future. If shit keeps going on the way it does.
Se acerca el dia
Hell on earth is coming for the USA  and our own government is setting it all up. Dont look to a foreign land for the enemy.
Finally a truly terrifying horror movie
I hope this shows the horror of what civil war looks like. You're my favorite A24, but too many people in the US think this is a good idea.
Predictive programming.  Half of you dunbasses will watch this hot garbage
They really had to make the scenario as unrealistic as possible to not be controversial
Idgi
Foreshadowing?
I see we're at the "monetizing the fall of Rome" stage of capitalism.
Why does the US want a war so bad
when Dems steal 2024! like they did in 2020 with shiping in fake votes
never happen
This looks intense, must watch for me
Turns out the real villain all along was the government
True science fiction is American media companies (like A24) feeding people civil war propaganda before a planned civil war happens. Oh wait… Oops, that’s reality.
Predictive programming 👌
Rednecks vs rainbow hollyweirdos,  I'll bet on the rednecks.
A24 was the last studio I expected to use the extremely cliche, overused, whistled "America the Beautiful" trope
Its okay you guys! I just showed this trailer to a libtard and he says its utter nonsense and could never happen! WHEW! I was worried for a second. But thank god that we have smug self satisfied leftists that have never experienced war, and would never serve in the military, to tell us all how the world works! Lets have a moment of silence and a slow clap for all leftards......
I really hope a lot of people watch this movie. I really want it to do good
I love Marvel movies
This is what America really needs
Okay watching it again, I do not hear the word "alliance". Meaning California and Texas have seceded from the Union but not nescessariy in an alliance. This is way more realistic as Texas would never side with California.
Is A24 predicting tge future of America?
Live action remake coming in November...
Just in time for election season.  Libtards vs. everyone.
We need this film like a hole in the head....screw this
I don't really like watching documentaries but I guess I will this time. 😅😱
Yeah, I was excited for this until I heard the line that makes it clear Texas and California are on the same side and both seceding. Nope. Fail. California is full of real patriots and progressives who would never engage in such an activity with Texas, a backwoods, redneck trash heap full of ammosexual bigots. They would have entirely cross purposes and different reasons for secession if either were dumb enough to secede (heres hoping Texas tries; drives me nuts that I was born too late to see the South get stomped the first time). Was super interested, but just that plot point alone is so ridiculously stupid and unimaginable that just nevermind.
Well that was depressing. I guess some people find this entertaining? No thank you.
In these idiots wet dreams
I go watch this, just to know how Texas, California and Florida ende on the same Side.
this is gonna come true by 2025
the sad part is. I feel like we're very close to seeing something like this in the near future
_Looks science fiction, but this is the result of DemocRATS destroying the American civilization..._
I imagine they didn't want to offend anyone, hence an alliance between Texas and California.  Versus saying something like 'the red states started the war'.
Could be reality in 2025 the way things are going.
In reality, it wouldn't be Texas and California allying and separating from the US.  It would be all the rural areas and middle America blockading all the major cities and starving them to death.
The future of the United States. Chaos and civil war is what happens when the Internet meets innate human stupidity. Maybe higher evolved humans could have handled the world-wide-web. But not us.
Mf’s just leveled the Lincoln Memorial. This movies gonna be sick
"Experience it in 2025"
Pretty sure this is just a documentary from 2025 after the new election
Coming soon to the United-States near you  05.11.2024
Best of luck to both sides
The Premise is absolute Nonsense....But the Cast is amazing and it looks so good! I'm conflicted.
I can spend the rest of my life thinking of places to camp like COD
Meh, no aliens. I'm out.
Leftist Liberal Propaganda.  Trump 2024.
I'll just wait for the real one.
This looks like ai
A24 making documentary now?
In real life, are there nukes stationed in texas and california?
People seem to forget that if women didnt vote the majority of the country would be red. If shtf i doubt these liberal women will pick up a gun. Blue states better pray there is never a civil war 2. Their only hope would be if the armed forces sided with them, which they wont.
This entire film is garbage becuase they pair texas and california
This would be chinas and russias dream come true
Now someone's gotta take this trailer and deepfake Joe Biden's face with his voice in it
@nickelbutt…or actually… Maybe that’s what’s needed to finish the job that was abandoned by that fucking traitor lee!!!
The Truth about this film is, that this is going to happen within the next 10months and the government will allow it to happen
Predictive Programming
This would be an easy win for Texas. They are just better armed
Predictive programming
Everyone take nice deep breaths this movie is fiction. Remember a bunch of writers in the room made this stuff up.   fic·tion /ˈfikSHən/ noun  1. literature in the form of prose that describes imaginary events and people.  2. something that is invented or untrue.
Oh no, there’s only one thing I imagine a southern state would start a civil war over.
Ideals are peaceful history is violent-Fury
Trump tried to put us in civil war. Still is. Republican here just not classless.  Our choices have been terrible.  Somebody step up who has some damn sense and respectability.
Tim Poole must be beside himself.
What a stupid premise. As if there isn't enough division, let's create more.
All the libs saying they'd win again because they'd be on the government side (more resources, military, etc.)  What makes you think the soldiers would obey? Also I'd gladly sacrifice to stop the corruption of our nation. Someone would get me? Thats fine. More than likely, someone will get you.
This predictive programming needs to just stop already, come on now.
Don’t miss the premiere coming to all states soon! Also check out our movie
There's only 2 sides to war, the survivors and the dead.
The filmmakers must have known that if not for the alliance between Texas and California, this would be too plausible to be entertaining.  It may still be too plausible to be entertaining.
If this doesn't use that 1 gunz n roses song im not watching it.     I cant remember name of song
Why can't humans just eat Hush Puppies and be happy ??
This looks like the premise is gonna be so unbelievable it’s gonna take me completely out of the immersion
All this will do is propagate the thought of it, like the Purge, and it saddens me.
California is controlled by its certain districts that keeps its blue.
If it’s A24 it’s propaganda BS. Texas and California would be bombing each other before joining against the rest of the states. Dumb movie.
Kirsten Dunst, What the F$#@ are you doing starring in this garbage???
Yeah like you could get people out of their la-z boy away from their diabetes medication and McDonald’s to go fight in the trenches lmao
PUBG movies looks great
If there’s no racial element to the film then it’s unrealistic
I'm with the BAD GUYS!!!
I'd rather have a civil war then have to pretend people who support Joe Biden are my countrymen any longer, we are *not* brothers.
Oxymoronic 👎
Lemme guess- conservatives bad. White pipo bad. Leftists good. BIPOCS good. Patriots bad. America bad.
Damn, this documentary looks nuts.
The question is who’s try to fight you?
This is Brazil
"For I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man." -Thomas Jefferson
LOLOL! Yeah, right. Good luck.
Gecko with the OP is ruthless
Canada looks more attractive every day.
And where are all the MILLIONS of military-aged illegal border-crossers in all this? Looks like the writers left that detail out.
The only fictional war movie that will probably make me cry
People saying it’s unlikely Texas and Cali joint maybe they would both have wanted to separate from the USA for a long time and both have strong economic leverages
cringe
The question for all of us out there being: will the US of A ever understand that they cannot kill their problems away.
I'm on whatever side Prince Oberyn's on.
Why do trailers have to make every song terrible? They took a bad song and made it atrocious. I couldn’t even watch the whole trailer. Fucking annoying
I hope this shitty film flops worse than the Ghost Busters reboot 😅😆
You guys are missing the big picture like fucking idiots. Who cares if you’re a Democrat Republican, the whole point of the constitution in America is of the American government turns tyrannical the states will unite and fight back regardless of politics so in the movie obviously the American government is no longer democracy, Florida, Texas, and California. Regardless of political differences are still American states that want to fight for the rights.
A way down south in the land of traitors~
It would be north vs south all over again if this was set in a realistic way.  Red vs Blue, but without the comedy.
Americans are all about the talk but no action never in a million years would they rise up againts  the government  there just to soft  you might have pockets here and there nothing a good ol FBI raid couldn't squash but a full on civil war naaa folks to busy  worried about  football  and politics and  getting fat and drunk
USA when they heard America has oil
"bidens america if he got a second term" - tucker
"An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumbles from within? That's dead. Forever."
I'm just glad this confirms the left has no idea how warfare is waged 😂
This is what happens if Biden wins!
they want US citizens to hate and kill each other so badly.   they already do this in chicago and new york and all other cities controlled by the uniparty with cheap firearms from their chinese masters...
i need new breaking mental psychology freak horror movie
*"TRUMP"*
Good old Hollywood movie that pussies out and has generic factions and alliances that wouldn’t actually exist, as to not offend groups of people who are full of drama queens (cough* MAGA).   Looks forgettable. I wonder if the movie will find a way to lick China’s boots as well, like most Hollywood movies do now.
😂 Too dramatic. Nobody in this country wants a Civil War lol
Who knows how far this movie is from reality. Dear usa, take care of yourselves
imagine eu, nato countries and russia, china sending weapons to their favored states it's gonna be middle WEST
Ah the expected Hollywood foreshadowing
This looks like a gun enthusiast’s wet dream
I decided to watch this trailer on the hope that the aim of the series is not to foment civil war, but to warn against it. I found neither hope nor warning.
A24 is awesome. But you know what’s funnier than A24?     A25 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Liberal propaganda
we love some war movies
Just to get us nice and united for the election in November
Gun go brrrrrrr!!
I actually think an alliance between Texas and California is very much realistic in this scenario. These two states were their own independent republics before joining the US, and are the most capable of forming their own governments now. If they agree on secession, an alliance between the two would be absolutely critical. A second American civil war would never be fought between democrats and republicans, but by the people vs the overstepping federal government.
Plata O Plomo  -P. Escobar
the one who has most chance attacking DC is florida.
I've seen our current new members entering service, they're not this good sorry 😂 the old ones will win
An army of obese heart attacks waiting to happen are gonna fight the U.S. right lol
Absolutely ridiculous, and as an Army Veteran, I can assure you that it ain't like playing COD in mommy's basement jacked up on Dew and Monster. If anything it would be normal citizenry against one another with the regular military trying to maintain order, and should the central government ever dissolve, our biggest threat would be other countries, and believe me, if we should ever find ourselves under attack by another country, or multiple countries, I think that both sides would quickly come together and fight as one! Either way the fantasy depiction here is just that, because in "civil war" both sides would instantly lose the very things that they were fighting for, think about it!
For a story that should have a ton of politics and politicians (lets be real a civil war would have to have some sort of Trump like figure leading), this movie doesnt seem to offer much. Also in a real civil war everyone would 100 percent know who their enemies are too, that whole line of not knowing what side your on is just silly. Overall looks weak, should have just grown some balls and made it about Trump where its clear who both sides are in the war.
This country wants another civil war so bad!! Be careful what you ask for. 🤷🏽‍♀️
Don't store ammo in monuments. The Greeks learned that the hard way
American Civil Jihad without russian and china invasion ? sign me in
This new Call of Duty looks lit 🔥
This movie is just Democrats trying to twist propaganda and spread fear in order to dissuade a potential real civil war on the horizon. There's no way California and Texas would join together, they're completely opposite. If anything, it's more likely that California, NY, and a few others would find themselves on one side, and the rest of America on the other. The fact that they made this movie the way they did, shows their true fears about reality, that Democrats will find themselves as the ones casted out from the majority of America.
F the left.  Let’s do this.
People complaining about Texas and California aligning themselves tells me they nothing about Texas and its demographics. Texas is as of 2024, about 46-48% liberal. It’ll probably become a liberal State before 2030. Read more people, come on. It isn’t the 1950s anymore.
"An evil enemy, will burn his own nation to the ground to rule over the ashes.” - Sun Tzu
Wagner Moura 🇧🇷
Is this a reality TV show?
this is propaganda and predictive programming,  the elite planned for this in the event that trump won.
Coming this election season.
This movie is gonna be so bad that both the left and the right are gonna laugh at it in a shocking but temporary union.
Everyone wants to talk about California and Texas but no one talks about the Mormon uprising in Wyoming.
The only part I feel is a little too unrealistic is the texas and California alliance
Sounds like predictive programming
Wheres captain america and bucky?
Are all the purple and teal hair folks of multiple genders hiding in this trailer or are they all dead at this point?
Seeing the Lincoln Memorial get blown up just gave me a rise in the pants.
Let's see how this inevitable end for America is portrayed.
The minute they talked about the “Texas and California alliance” you know we in for a ride 😂
Americans can make stories about fake conflicts and civil wars in a highly censored political space? Here, those guys are branded as terrorist & put in jail for years without trial under UAPA
"Mhm. But what kind of American?"  Second trailer was missing the best bit.
Im happy for America to finally make Ron Swanson the President.
This is lame, this is the last thing we need a movie made about right now.
Seems like successionist are the largest contributors to the overall American GDP and also areas that tends to have decent natural resources.
jewsmadethis movie
fetishization of civil conflict? fucking read the room Alex
Ex Machina is one of the best movies ever made! Same director...
Soon 2024
What a stupid idea for a movie
A24 botting the views on a trailer is wild lmfaoo
I'm gonna watch this just knowing I'd probably side with whoever Hollywood portrays as the "bad guys"
So when Orange Jesus loses the election this becomes truth...
Looks lame af
Coming Tuesday, November 5, 2024
A24 why you giving us Ideas? 😅😂
President Ron Swanson does not have a civil war. President Ron Swanson has world peace.
Real people in the real world are going to pay real money to really watch this movie. That's crazy.
Oh, BS.  A wet dream for the gun nuts who think that gay people getting married affects their life one iota.   The US, by far, has the largest GDP, beating China by $7 TRILLION.   Unemployment is 3%.   People only go to war when their livelihoods are threatened.   Hard to want to die when you make a middle class salary, have a nice house, car and a fridge full of food every night.   As soon as the internet goes down, and food and fuel no longer move, people will hunt down the seditionists.   This is no where near the US Civil War, the opposing parties are integrated in every state, work with one another, live by one another.   Sides couldn't form, as you couldn't trust the reds and blues among your own people.
So glad they dropped the reveal trailer for next year's America!
No thanks.
Dems or reps......I WONDER WHO WOULD WIN IN REAL LIFE 🤡
I just want to know why that guys nails were painted
What a trailer 🤌
Why would you make this movie you're not helping
So fake. Texas and California? lol
Get ur doomeboners on
Texas would never side with California lol- I could see Texas and Oklahoma maybe but not California.
ahhhh yes, neon green hair and painted nails but wearing camo
"...The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth."  Abraham Lincoln November 19, 1863
This is everything whatnDMZ series should have been...
HOLY SHIT TO ALL THE PEOPLE GOING "oH woW TeXas aNd CalIfoRniA tOgEtHeR???" It is a movie!!!!! director obv made that choice to not make this movie about politics but just a good "disaster" movie!!!! STFU and just enjoy something for once! "Suspension of disbelief" try it sometime
Ron Swanson from The Office has really moved up in government ...
Looks corny
Make America fight itself again!
The new division game looks great
A lot of people I know think this basically going to happen tomorrow
Predictive Programming ,             7.2 MILLION ILLEGAL MILITARY MEN HAVE CROSSED INTO THE US under bidens administration
With such things being possible now (couldn't have imagined this a few years ago), I won't be seeing this film.  I already know how bad things can get.
Islamic propaganda.
This trailer is 90% military personnel walking/driving forwards
Art to Life , Life to Art you be the judge
You better hurry to show it in theaters or reality will catch up with you
The most fantastical element is Texas being allied with California
Only the government can convince the citizens of this country to turn on each other. If this ends up happening I’m happy that the U.S. has failed itself. Wake the fk up FOOLS.
Why they had to paint bro fingernails? 😂
Psyop
I never see Mary Jane Watson held a gun before in this movie!!!!!!😊😊😊😊😊😊
For all we know texas might of annexed california
Idk this scenario won't seem even kind of realistic unless it leads to what is essentially the apocalypse. The entire world order would catastrophically fall to pieces if the US went into disarray like this and could no longer effectively protect international shipping and their allies/proxies. Israel, Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, The Philippines, and Guyana would just be fucked and the world economy would collapse without secure shipping routes. That's without considering what is going to happen with all of those nukes.
It is no secret that \europe has colonized most of the world, and it is by no coincidence we are now experiencing planetary degradation !
Well, they do like to prime us for the things they're planning to do 😅
Not enough red glasses guy. 3/10.
Take that Lincoln Memorial!!!
This looks like it's about to be the dumbest movie ever made by A24
if only.....(deep sight)
I was all down for the idea of this movie, until they said the alliance between Texas and California 😂. C'mon now.
Well….. you guys have fun seeing this I guess.
From River to The Sea Palestine will be free. 🇵🇸
If this film succeeds, we might eventually get our CoD MW2 film that should be awesome.
I love how nick offerman pronounces America "Amurka" like goerge W.Bush did. Nice touch.
So where's Iron Man tho 🤔?
Ah yes, a live-action Battlefield movie.
Brought to you by Hollywood and nurtured for years by the fake news media.  They are the ones that have divided all of us - and they are the ones who so desperately love the idea of a modern civil war.  They love it more than their life.  Here they are explicitly planting the idea that a real civil war among the citizens of the United States is a good thing for us.  For them, this is civil war porn.  For the adults in the room - this is mass hysteria packaged as propaganda.  Be the adult.  Be the voice of reason.  Be a human being, instead.
California will never secede from Daddy, nor would they ever form an alliance with Texas. Florida and Texas? Okay. I can see that.
Trumpists wet dream....
Experience it in IMAX April 12th and IRL sometime in November.
Is it coming out next year or hoing to happen next year
Texas would fold faster than California to much tribalism in that state 30 days tops
Captain America civil war am I in the right place?
I wonder if this movie will come out before or after the actual civil war start. Lol
Texans think they can fight a civil war when they can't even roof their own house 😂 are they gonna hire migrants to fight? Do they know the military doesn't provide a buffet? 😂
Everybody gangsta till it actually happens in real life 💀
Funny thing is this began years ago, just slowly ramping up and more people realizing it.
Relax countries of the world: US  about to find out that they have to invade themselves. This time they even found weapons of mass destruction.
PREDICTIVE PROGRAMING NOTHING MORE!
True science fiction is imagining Ron Swanson as President
I think God loves us. Especially when we are honest about our own difficulties.
i don't know why but those trailers are getting me a vibe of The Last of Us everytime
Despite what you see on TV there is not nearly a big enough swath of the population extreme enough (left, right or otherwise) to support an armed secession.  Also I'm not military but I have a lot of friends that are, and when this topic has come up every one of them has said they would throw down their weapons and go to jail before they fired on their fellow Americans.
THIS LOOKS SO DAMN GOOD
Texas and California teaming up  Yeah right.
Yeah this is gonna be either trashy or trashy
We don’t need your civil war, it feeds the rich while it buries the poor.
2024 elections
Biden and his masters will make this happen🎉🎉🎉 🏳️‍🌈✨Biden 2024✨🏳️‍🌈
You see, America, you were only made to believe that the war was anywhere..  ...but right here at home.
Man where’s the backrooms trailer.
Leave the World Behind now Civil War whats next the Eugenics Wars ?
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE US of A, however, despite me living/working there in the early 2000's for 5 years, and now living back in Australia.... I would NEVER travel there now!!!. Maybe only Hawaii or Alaska, but nowhere else. Most US people are decent folk, but the country is in such a divided, racist, crazy situation, that it isn't safe. The next 10 years is going to be a very, very, very trying time. If they elect Trump - then the entire world order will change. The fact that he hasn't been jailed for life, and taken off the ballot shows how destroyed and inept the country's Judicial System is - the SCOTUS is MASSIVELY compromised. How Ginni and Clarence OPENLY tried to, and did support Jan 6 overthrow/insurrection, and neither were removed/jailed etc, shows how effing flawed your country is.Basically the entire country is compromised, and allowing Trump and his GOP lackeys to gain power will spell massive disaster to the US and also almost all of it's allies and partners etc......
Absolutely absurd.
Well, with Trump and the GOP Nihlist, fascist and Authoritarian side in power - this COULD BE A REALITY??!!!. Remember the movie OUTBREAK and also CONTAGION - that was almost a perfect version of SARS-COV-2 ( aka Covid-19 )........ America is at a massive crossroads between democracy and Dictatorship.  It is super sad the GOP in the House/Congress will not pass legislation to fund/help Ukraine - they are totally bought by Putin!...... the next 9 months are going to be the most critical in US and modern Western Democratic history. The Fact that these GOP politicians care MORE about their own bank balance and POWER, than the US and NATO et al is disgusting.
Db23b
Experience it in imax 😆.You fools are gonna experience it in real life soon!😮
This feels insensitive
Prequel to Fallout
gone woke
Bushwick did it before this.
A24..producers of the finest TRASH.
This is GARBAGE. And if your playing into the BS of this psyop called a movie, you are one of the morons they have brainwashed to death.
Finally, Jericho season 3
I could possibly see this as a series, it’s giving them vibes.
Так все и будет.
I don’t see Captain America
I don’t understand how you’d convince high ranking military personnel on such a large scale to rebel. They’d have to be pretty confident that some of the others were going to have their back.
It is funny how people truly believe in devisions by territories...when they are actually much more layered, fractured and complex...making it pot. much more nasty in a nuclear weapons state...why do you think Prigoshin was stopped and turned around...they convinced him as soon as he gets to the vicinity of Moscow, he would have been nuked! A civil war in a nuclear armed state will be fought with nukes, too!!! Not just small arms and flashy bangs as to be enjoyed in this "fairy-tale"!
This looks pretty mainstream for a A24 movie.
Is that sniper dumbfoundead?
Talk about coincidence lmao
Holy shiddd kaiserreich reference??!!!?!?!;?;?;?
Have you noticed that reporters in the movie are tagging along with the Western Forces of California and Texas? Also the soldiers attacking Washington DC are wearing 2 star flag on their arms just like the 2 star flag in the beginning of the trailer. 2 star flag representing CA n TX.
An alliance between California and Texas? This truly is fiction.
istg i used to like america but u guys r dumb af
Alliance between Texas and Commifornia 🤣🤣🤣I think NOT . And Civil War , talk about  propaganda . Are you trying to tell us something Hollywierd 🤪🤪🤪
What happened to cause an alliance between California and Texas?
I tell you, the premise makes some sense. What if the most powerful states put aside the petty differences politicians have exploited to gain power and realized how strong they could be
5th generation fighters were designed for exactly this: fly low and slow, approach from the most obvious direction, fly over the cameraman and drop something flameable nearby....
Please, can someone tell me the Texas and California alliance joke again? I haven't heard it.
A24 slop for the soyim
Hunger Games prologue be like:
This movie already came out in 2016. Don't you guys remember the whole team Cap vs team Iron Man?
I think in the worst case scenario, if Texas were to secede, thing would get really uncomfortable there as all federal support and interstate trade, commerce, and travel would cease.  Its really hard to imagine Texans going through that then thinking they want more of the same, "lets go civil war!"  Anyone affluent or skilled or intelligent would gtfo, and cripple whatever local isolated economy is left.  So personally, I don't think it would ever get to mass warfare except for maybe a few local gun toting wish fulfillers.  But even the most ardent wouldn't want to fight long and risk their lives for a hopeless cause.  Its interesting to think about, but probably not going to happen.
If this was from anyone other than Alex Garland I would never even give it a second thought.
You J6's er are CRYING in the court room like little old ladies...were really supposed to believe your gonna save us?
Predictive Programming.
US wouldn't have a chance against Texas and California. You'd all be fleeing to Canada like you promised when Trump was elected.
It’s wild af to me that they even had the nerve to make a movie like this 🫤
Nobody will do that today we are so far from being able to hunt and live off the land if civil war happens everybody will call quits when they see no Starbucks open.
The civil war already start listening to the sniffling twats argue back and forth like it would be North vs Sound.
Literally impossible, the military has a strict 'no killing whites' policy and they have never broke it since WW2
Contender for stupidest movie of 2024
fortnite movie
boe jiden fans vs brain cell havers
A war fought to control who gets to turn the friggin frogs gay!
Predictive programming at its best.  At the rate things are going a civil war is imminent. Some are ready most are not.
Predictive programming.
America is playing right into their enemies hands... destruction from within!
California vs the WORLD we dominate everyone in sports and war
I fear this will be low IQ pretending to be high IQ.
If the government keeps overstepping their boundaries its going to be a civil war 💯 % and people are ready if need be!! Nobody wants it except the government
Didn’t see captain America or black panther once in this trailer. You sure this isn’t White House down? Oh sorry did I mistake ur corny movie title with another corny title? Did I mistake ur corny plot with another corny plot? This better average a 80% audience score on imd and rotten tomatoes or I’ll show you a civil war. (How I felt typing this 👹)
Right on time for the election. Fear mongering at its best
Civil in different countries happens because of oppression, genocide of particular race or culture… In America people wants civil war because it’s fascinating 😂 This land will sees to exist  Every country in the world that wants payback will definitely invade a weak divided America. “Think about that”
Predictive programming is all the rage. 🎉
Put a chick in it and make it lame..
There will be a Revolutionary War before a Civil War.
Predictive Programming
This is a projection film made in part with the Central Intelligence Agency. They want us to believe that the US military would be on their side during such a conflict.
This has EVERYBODY triggered. I love it
Is this movie made in a liberal view and ideology ? If so I’ll save my money for the real civil war
Texas and California would be the war of all wars but the entire country would get involved and choose sides 🤬☠️ when it comes to having a self-inflicted Civil War two states that really are extremely different ?! They’re going into different directions
A24 found colors throughout all the trailers are white, red and green fount. Colors of Palestine flag. Interesting I wonder if this is some sort of secret message.
"Life imitates Art far more than Art imitates Life" - Oscar Wilde
Leftists wouldn’t have the guns since they voted for strict gun laws 😂
A "civil war" would have white people winning in less than 2 months. You know it!
Minor detail, but if you notice at 0:36, the left-handed sniper is actually using a rifle with a left-handed ejection port. Minor detail like I said, but cool that they got it correct considering how many movies just guess when it comes to firearm details.
california doesnt really need the rest of the u.s. but we get lonely at night
Planned programming at it's finest
This is the prequel to this movie is a piece of crap! It’s like they’re trying to program us for fear. Are they trying to let us know there’s an agenda and they’re trying to fulfill it? If we unite against them, we can stop them. But if we are divided, then, we will all be defeated. This woke crap has made everyone weak. We need things the way they were before the woke garbage. There’s only man and only woman. And Man needs to clean things up the real man and the real women. Don’t subscribe to this garbage movie stuff. Don’t watch it and boycott their garbage. It’s programming. Don’t allow them to program you. They use pornography for that, ignore everything that has to do with their programming and it will hurt them and it will help all of us. I say all these things in Jesus name and I pray them in Jesus name amen.❤
A A24 film where the action isn't on the last 5 minutes? That's new
They always put it in a movie before doing it for real.
Hey A24! Now’s not a good time!
I can't wait to watch this absolute shitshow.
Against a tyrannical federal government (3 term president), Texas and California allying makes sense. The economies, agricultural capacity, population base, and manufacturing capacity of both are a MAJOR percentage of the U.S. GDP. Each contain a LOT of military bases, meaning the hardware needed to stand their ground. And, both hold nukes, meaning they can ABSOLUTELY make sure the tyrannical federal government doesn’t get any dumb ideas, more or less insuring the whole affair remains conventional. I have no doubt that after the feds were defeated or made a regional power (say, Feds held east of the Mississippi, for instance), California and Texas would turn on each other over the states between them, but for a time and against a common enemy, I could see them cooperating.
They are blatantly warning states not to secede. This is propaganda.
🛐🙏❤🎉💖❤💓❤❤💕🙏💌❤💖❤❤❤😭 Heavenly Father Jesus God, I know that I am a sinner. I know I deserve the consequences of my sins. However, I trust in Jesus Christ as my Savior. I believe that his death and resurrection provided my forgiveness. I believe in Jesus and only Jesus as my personal Lord and Savior. Thank you Lord, for saving me and for forgiving me! In the holy name of Jesus Almighty God, Amen!”  💗❤❤💞The message of this gospel is that if you continue to believe in this message, you will be saved: For what I received I gave you as the first priority: that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures, is buried , according to the scriptures Resurrected on the third day, and appeared to Cephas, then to the twelve. Then he appeared to more than five hundred brothers at once
Great give all the nut jobs an idea😡
wtf why does this country like to make movies about something so possible now instead of holding ppl accountable
Should be Arizona, Texas and the rest of the south....
Civil now will be government vs government, people vs people, government vs people. Gonna be crazy
Haha that’s real funny to gaslight a situation in America huh but remember that you list your name in the credits for that look at me moment but it also tells us who you are.
More like ignorance war. War is never civil, there is nothing civil about war.
Is this a documentary before it happens
Jesus loves you
I hear the media is the heros in this movie
I have to say I want none of it.  Cut my loses and run for the mountains and or the desert.  Don't care much for people or the government.  Technology is corrupt and if technology does make it clean and no need for money or living expenses it would be a wonderful world.  what the world has become is insanity.
This hell would be a MIRACLE compared to being caught in a nuclear explosion under Biderp
😂😂😂
But as for me, I trust in You, O Lord; I say, “You are my God.” Ps. 31:14
Let’s not start the ideas of this bullshit again.
Texas and California on the same side? Y'all are screwed.
There goes the black national anthem 😂
This single movie had the best 8 year marketing campaign of all time
Im not missing any A24 projects...❤️🥵
what will happen if they take Trump off the ballot
ah yes... porn for internet tough guys.
Bruh you can tell this is made by a britbong cuz Texas and Cali are allied. What a joke in the making.
florida alliance? of what  illegals -and republicans? or Seminole and gator fans?
Hey, a movie I'm actually interested in seeing. It's been a long time.
Lol to make NY fall just close the government for 5 days.
All wars are banker wars
BOO HOLYWEIRD!! Looks like CROOKED GOVERNMENT CALLING ON HOLLYWEIRD!! Nope not going to ever watch this!!
Was that a fucking laser????
It’s just a movie people don’t pull your hair over a movie😂😂
California and Texas are like twin siblings.
Gotta admit, I’m curious
This looks like one of those movies made perfect  for a trailer but when you watch the whole thing you’re bored to death.
movie is gonna be sooooo mid
This movie is so American, that they hired a Brit  with an accent to be the star of the show
Stick around till 2024 and this won’t be a movie….it’ll be reality once the dems try to rig it again
This is what will happen if they take away our guns
Maybe northern part of California would align with TX but anything  below Sacramento  Naaaa
Total BS! Of we Gor to that point, China would have already taken us over with the million man army they are already importing over the border.
how to win a new age american civil war - don't do anything state with the most food wins
I don’t remember this one in the history books
America….F**k yeah
War zone 😂😂😂😂
Soylent Green is People!!!! 🤯😩
Cap
A civil war like this would only invite a foreign or multiple foreign nations to invade or attack the U.S.
Its coming out on my bday so im def watching
guns, lots of guns
My moneys on Texas
Dems vs repubs the reds are advantageous because blues hate guns don’t own them and can’t use them like the reds can
Looks like a liberals pipe dream. They would love if conservatives rose up to defend ourselves and they’d try and throw all of us in jail.
Be careful what you wish for , be very careful 🙏
.....  Are you serious?  What dumbass f******d greenlit this? Unless it ends where Russia comes in and utterly destroys us and takes over after we were too busy being dipshits, this makes no sense.  Why, when you have one contingent obsessively worried that there will be one and another contingent eagerly anticipating one, would you make a while damn movie about a modern civil war??  God help us.  People just get dumber and dumber.  I hope this makes Madame Web look like a box office smash.
Ofc the whole US is against Florida, Texas, and California. One’s extremely republican, the other is extremely democrat, and the other is Florida…hate to say it lads, Florida alone may wipe us off the planet
If the Uvalde school shooter showed us anything that Texas is a all talk no action state." 40 against 1? Dunno sarg, i dont like those odds!"
FJB
This movie is a mild depiction of what is brewing to happen. Wait until Trump takes power and fires everyone and a new US order emerges. They say payback is a b...... but Trump's payback will be a 1000 times that. Libs better start packing and buying their plane tickets to China because it will be a purge house by house.
Movies always know the future
this will never fucking happen I will see to it to myself I am old, and I will reenlist for free you will die.
They like to get he landmarks
Movies like this shouldn't be allowed to be made. Why? Because there's a lot of mental people in the USA. To prove my point, look at what happened on 1/6. It is a perfect textbook example. Now, magnify that by 10 or 50 times. There are also a lot of losers and followers who can't think for themselves, and basically, none of them have a life and would be looking to make a name for themselves and feel superior to others. Also, there are people who failed in life but don't want to take ownership of their failure and lack of planning and want to blame other people. There are people begging for this to happen. So, when you mix all this in one big pot, you will live through an actual situation like this movie. No guarantee you or your loved ones will survive it. Also, don't be a fool. If there were a civil war among the United States citizens,  Guess what would happen while people have war among themselves? This is when countries like Korea and Russia would strike their weapons. In the end, the USA will destroy itself from within, and those countries are watching and waiting for it to happen.
Sounds like they found someone online manifesto and made it a movie, lol.
Im telling you this is where were heading exept with trump supporters and non supporters
COME AND TAKE IT
Sure Hollywood let's just stir the pot some more. Why not
What a terrible time to be releasing a movie like this
TOTAL WAR NOW
can't wait to live the boogaloo for realz
I'm sick of this
This is what conservatives high key wants
In a time where polling data suggests we are close to an actual civil war this will come out in the most important election of our lifetime.   The fiction is, Texas and California forming an alliance 🙄
Is this their last attempt at getting us to fight eachother?
We are the United States of America and we shall remain that way USA 🇺🇸 ❤️
CA will be completely useless
Give me a break. The whistling of America the Beautiful is cringe....borderline cheesy.
Hahahhahahahahahaha loololoooo
The constitution forbids the military to take up arms against its' citizens.  So, there is that. Obviously, the creators of this film forgot to read the constitution.
my worst nightmare
Cheesy, juvenile garbage. Can't believe anyone watches this crap. Cringing so hard at the whistling of the national anthem.
Beardless Nick Offerman president
This might be pure comedy gold
Good trailer perfect timing last time there was a Civil War. They kicked Abraham Lincoln off the ballot in a few states. I’m pretty sure anyone can correct me, but I know he was kicked off of one or two what’s going on right now history will always repeat itself because of what we’re teaching in our schools, they raced history, so we Will never learn from our mistakes I’m not political I don’t even vote because I’m in California and my vote don’t count but we all have to re-read history what happened in the last Civil War? What created it just representative, Nancy Pelosi and Senator Jerry Nadler said if we did not have the legal immigrants, our vegetables would rot on the vine that sounds like a party of slavery to me
Obama's dream come true , they divide and want this so bad. Millions will die but it's all in their plan for what power and rule ? Look at what happened to the citizens of other countries when this happens or did you bother to learn actual history or just pronouns , racism , the teaching of how many genders .. when there are only male and female !
If anyone remembers the Yugoslav wars, there was epidemic sized problem with drug addiction preceding them. Smacked out guerilla troops were consistently high on cocaine and pot. As I travel up and down the Dan Ryan in Chicago, one would think we were already in the throes of a civil conflict the way the crazies drive this highway with such callous, reckless abandon. There are open, recorded discussions about civil war in this country. WTF is wrong with people?
CA and TX?! Lmaooo what would that alliance be based on?
Lost me with "the western forces of Texas and California."
Didn't think it was possible for movies to suck even more, but I was wrong
I’m so excited! I can’t wait. The movie looks good too.
I’d suggest that instead of secession and the ensuing civil war which would follow, 46 states simply vote to eject California, New York, Massachusetts, and Illinois, as well as the District of Columbia.  Make it illegal for their idiot voters to infest other states, as they would no longer be US citizens; they’d become illegal aliens.  Problem solved.  You’re welcome.
Just from the trailer looks like Texifornia is winning this one boys. LETS GO!
Took me a sec to recognize that voice, they had Ron Swanson as president? Rofl!
Haha this is so dumb . We the south would never join up with California 😂😂
It’s funny that mainstream news called Sound of Freedom a “right wing conspiracy theory,” but will debate this like it’s facts.
So another purge movie
Larry Fink is the enemy of the people.
This is ridiculous, I know a bunch of Californians that wouldn’t drive 8 miles to visit their best friends. All the ones that cared about freedoms and principles moved out in the wake of the Covid bs.
The news is bad enough, I’m not watching this movie.
“War… War never changes.”
They're filming part of this in Fayetteville Arkansas right now. Here's to hoping Nick Offerman and or (his wife 😱) show up at my job.
Don't let them win, love God with all your mind body and soul with all your might and love your neighbor as yourself.
If we as voters don't stop voting like we wear bicycle helmets. This thing could happen. Our Government is out of control and it's us voters who are at fault. This election is going to be between an 81 yr old with dementia and a douchebag. The two party system is garbage. vote independent. That will throw a wrench in the cogs. Nothing wrong with RFK Jr, at least far less than the other two clowns.
This looks nothing like war, just terrorism and skirmishes.
This looks idiotic
I wish California and all the liberal states would secede or vice versa minus the war part.
They want this propaganda
For those of y’all that are complaining about the fact that this isn’t a realistic scenario, I think y’all are missing the point.   The director clearly didn’t create a civil war against our party lines because doing so would take away from the story they wanted to tell and make the movie outright unpalatable for about half the country.
(((They))) want us to hate eachother so badly...
So ready for this to happen in real life.
Looks exciting
I hope the plot involves surprise state-to-state conflict subplots.  Delaware beefing with Ohio.  Maine settling the score with Utah.
This is a warning to those who legit romanticize another civil war in this country over bogus reasons: once you open up pandora's box.... Hell looks a lot different in reality versus dreams...
If this could only be used asi🧻
Globalist happy
Why does CGI smoke and explosions still look so bad?  They lack any punch because you see an obvious animation on top of a real background.  Takes me out of the movie.
Predictive programming
Ron Swanson
I'm tired of movies' inability to portray military doctrine and tech in a realistic way. An Apache wouldn't hover 10 feet off the ground in-between buildings ffs when it could stay on station above and provide meaningful intel and a wider field of response. A shoulder-fired munition doesn't blow up half a building and doesn't create a huge fireball. Ar-15s don't shoot through stone walls, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. If you're going to use military tech and doctrine do your research into how units operate, how the actual technology works, etc. It's lazy to do otherwise unless you're just going for "ooooh wow" factor.
I fight for the side that isn’t confused about which bathroom to use.
Funny how this movie comes out 4 days after the the solar eclipse wait and see this will probably be real life
Hollywood knows the secrets we call conspiracies.
This depiction of conflict, civil or otherwise, is way too clean.
i kinda hope the message is that basically a civil war would be absolute hell on earth and it isn't an over glorification of violence. like i understand big dumb spectacles but if they are trying to be serious it would be loss for all involved
No one who knows wants this
Comedy movie 😅
Are California and Texas trying to be their own separate countries and aligned in that regard against the federal government?
the scary part is I see this could really happen....so excited for this movie!
Its coming! And soon
We're not falling for your programming anymore guys.🤨
yeah this gonna be hit 😅
This movie is gonna have everyone on the edge of their seats tripping TF OUT!
Trump will dodge the draft.
There are many civil wars in America right now: Republican versus Democrat, Government versus people, citizens versus criminals, and illegals versus citizen.  We’ve got our hands full.
A24 has really gone to the gutters
Finally. I've been watching trailers for this since 2015
Did the people's republic of China produce this or are they gonna make the film break even? What a joke Hollywood has become 🙄
So who plays Ronald McDonald Trump in this flick
They must always tell us what they plan on doing before they do it
Ok which ever side blew up the Lincoln Monument Is the side I'm rooting against.....   Some things are just to sacred to destroy no matter what you think.
What a joke.
Ron Swanson became president over Leslie Knope😂
😂😂😂
I know this is a fake trailer but it's done really good... Actually, it's a good premise for a movie if any Hollywood directors out there are reading... 🤨
obvious for them to make texas and california as allies, as depictiing this in the true way, would definitely hurt feelings.
Coming soon to a country near you.
If you want to watch a true civil war film or show watch Jericho
If that dictator trump gets back in, this could very well happen.
This will happen
this really hits close to home for J6 paranoid liberals
lol
It’s a movie folks. Just like mean girls the musical. Calm down.
There goes your Retirement Savings, Social Security and Daily comforts like Gas, Heat, Phone and Water.. enjoy dipshitz
The logic some people have is appalling.
lol a sniper with highlighter hair and painted nails pulling the trigger wrong and a spotter laying on top of him... must be the californians.
Hmmmm!!! Coincidence!!! Well are country is heavily divided. I guess well see in due time.
So who they fighting it only showed one side👀👀👀
Soooo sick of all this fear mongering propaganda put out to make us afraid of each other ffs, which is lunacy!! I hate this administration.  They will NEVER bring true patriots down. I won't watch this or Obama's Netflix POS movie either. Our brains can no longer be washed. Godbless you all, no fear, and remember that with GRATITUDE optimism is sustainable!
No worries,  there won't ba a civil war
Let's go Brandon!
Looks like fun
I pray we never see this on our beloved country! It’s not perfect but it’s the last beacon of light! May God always bless our land. We are seeing that more and more people are getting ready for something like that. Think of the innocent people who would perish. There are people of all color and races that are on the same sides but some won’t know and treat them as the enemy not knowing their on their side. Scary to even imagine.
You can tell this is fiction because there’s a coherent president.
Im just hoping that this doesnt turn out to be pro fed propaganda. The best way this movie ends, is with the western forces winning, the federal government being overthrown, and all the states reunite.
You're smokin' dope if you think Texas is allying with California.
No one would step away from their keyboards long enough.
Way to give the dumbas masses ideas
Really, Texas and California huh.....
I was born in 71 by the   time I was 13 I  started telling people that I knew that everything we were watching on Tv was a prelude of what was to come😢😢😢😢 God help us😭😭😭
If I’m deceased I know I’m going to hell. I’ve done too many criminal things in the past. I can’t change the past. For many years now I’ve been going in the right path.
California is the wuss puss state.. they don't believe in guns or the police.. so.. This is pointless.. I rather watch Red Dawn the 80's one.. california would surrender in a day..
preview?  dis a *SPOILER ALERT*
This is the dumbest shit I’ve ever seen
Let the libs keep up their baby games.  This sadly will become a reality
But why is that sniper's fingers painted like Easter eggs, though?
My dad grew up in Soviet Russia where people had no voice and they were disarmed by there government, that can’t happen here and it’s gunna be a blood bath if the government try’s to take away arms from the general population.
It’s coming, Joe Biden, Barry Obama.
The real American Civil war began April 12, same as release date ! Cool easter egg by the filmmakers
I loved ex machina. Wtf is this 💩 though
God I hope this really happens
Ron swanson!
Trust me, California will not be on our side. Clearly. How about we shut down the fucking border then we can talk.. maybe.. probably not though.
That whistling was a bit too much on the nose TBH
I’m on the red side 😂
This movie is social engineering. I smell CIA
gonna get myself deported if yall go to war
Is this part of The Purge universe? I read that the plot to the next Purge movie is the same as this movie
eyyy it's Pablo Escobar actor! :D
Is anyone else mildly unnerved by this shot? 0:35
Like the other guy said, Im ok until I run out of toilet paper 🧻 Give me 2 ply or give me death.
This movie would be more realistic if there was an actual violent civil war between Red states and Blue states.....
Rather join with Arkansas than with California
Were closer to that than you think the border needs closed and our leader let's it keep going on
In response to the poster who mentioned that A24 reminded of the movie "The day after"Yes,I saw it as well- it was back in 1983,when Ronald Reagan and Yuri Andropov were the leaders of the USA and CCCP- Ironically,during this time (summer ' 83) we came very close to nuclear Armageddon...And like now in these times,it really hits home.
Hard to suspend the disbelief that California and Texas would work together.  also guaranteed this will be a lukewarm movie with generic and vague political commentary likened to Farcry
The north win
The left wishes for this. The right prays for this. Meanwhile the Libertarian drinks their coffee and thinks" Damn, I'm gonna miss fishing".
I can see US citizens being an alliance against our corrupt government.
This is democratic liberal propaganda.
This is gonna be how about a 3rd of you watching this die
Texas and California...that's like an alliance between a kitten and a pit bull!!
These damn movies don’t help our lazy country to be better…. This what whole the entire planet is waiting for… that we all fight and destroy us from one other
jesus this needs to happen, NOW!!!
I'm sure it's well done but I don't need to see a movie about the future when the MAGA folks decide to start a civil war. I have enough anxiety, thanks.
True propaganda as a movie.
Have you seen the new trailer for the upcoming documentary “civil war?”
A little predictive programming, anyone?
With NIL in the mix can we really call it college football? It’s more of a professional league if you’re being paid to play. I once loved watching college football, but not anymore.
MuahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahHahHhahahaha   The sad part is that anyone or anything involved in these type of mentality movies... well........ you know. Looks horrible tho!!! Gosh Hollywood went to craps. Adaboyz "big ups". Our turn
*Release the Florida Man*
Well all the Californias are trying to turn Texas in the California
Let me guess all the strong and power actors will be a certain gender? And will have a certain skin color?
I really hope this is a well written story because if not they’d have ruined a potentially cool concept from being tried again for a while.
Friendly reminder to all the real people getting triggered in the comments;  All the majior governments have facilities, full of people and AI, dedicated to trolling to sway public opinion.  Companies do it too.
That's not how military deployment/access/control works.
This film is gonna be great, cause A24 the GOAT, but WHY would you make his movie when the nation is a literal powderkeg right now?!
This is the sequel to "Leave the World Behind"
Much like the events of 2012, I don't see it happening.
This is where we are headed and the right will win
I believe this is a taste of things to come. We should all be prepared.
Wow that sounds lovely...
Timpool made a movie
The Abrams tank just looking menacing in 0:35
Yes Meal Team Six and the christofacists are going to take over the end of their driveway..........?? Oh, yeah, they are just idiots who yammer like small annoying dogs. Now I remember.
Gerard Butler in, America Has Fallen.
Russias wet dream
Having the visual representation of a modern day civil war in America is a very scary thing. I can’t wait to watch this movie and wonder how it will end. I actually cried watching this trailer. God bless America and lead us away from this becoming reality.
They will always foreshadow. If you wanna know how the USA will end up just look at cyberpunk 2077 lor. The ones up in the sky always forshadow
I’m down 😅
Probably more woke propaganda. That’s all they make anymore. 😒
more predictive programming
How is it that Texas would join sides with California? Texas is red, California is blue. Truly, I thought this was a war propaganda film to stop a civil war from coming after the 2024 election when the world is doomed.
I'm Vladimir Putin and i strongly approve of this movie.
This is going to be so bad and the real up themselves people will think it is deep and meaningful.
Its sad when movies like this are no longer labeled "fictional "... Ain't America great?!
If $hit hits the fan, I'm moving north to Alaska. I have friends who live off the land in very secluded wooded areas of the state who I know I can count on working with for survival while a civil war takes its course.
Operation Trumperossa
So, this is based off of what MAGAs have been talking about for years.
What's so civil about war anyways?
How much did the Chinese pay to get this movie produced?  Forces trying to tear us apart instead of help us see everything we have in common.
No thanks. You keep it.
Predictive Programming.
Excellent Timing.
if civil war broke out in usa, Europe would invade and complete what they originally set out to do on the original 4th of july days.
Predictive programming
An alliance between Texas and california? Ridiculous. Sounds about as believable as Joe Biden choosing Donald Trump as his running mate.
It’s time for this . The Democratic Party and Liberals have destroyed America.  We must become a Nation again.  America is not a criminal hot spot for immigrants that can pour in . America for America not other Countries. Vote Trump to save America 🇺🇸
Most of the money and tech are in liberal states, along with some of the most battle tested cities in the US. I'm an independent, but I don't know how conservative states win (or maybe they won't unite under political ideas?). 🤔....plus, way more people.
F#@? Vietnam How are going to do this, nevermind all that BS
Texas and California 😂😂😂😂
This will end up happening if Biden is not careful a Civil War
Looks mid for an action movie
interesting but this isnt it. what would happen is more of a hyper gang war based mostly in the major cities. using nyc as an example. within the city you have a lot of blue with spots of red(also staten island is hard red). but then as soon as you leave the city it goes red until you get to albany(another city). also its not just going to be red and blue but different flavors of it all fighting each other. the military is going to be defending the borders from outside threats not managing the internal fighting. so its a lot uglier then what this is.
Corny
Green letters for Jade helm
This guy thinks California and Texas would work together.
Why!?... typical of some Hollywood jerk off that lives life in the clouds,to produce something like this,with our country as it is... Its ok to have fun and profit off the scifi,until the reality of a bullet passes your head with no name on it ,becouse its become reality...
Liberals wouldn’t stand a chance
Laughable; to imagine that in this age, if a president commanded his milirary to attack their citizens, that they would comply.  This is going to be preachy fan fic junk.
I said it years ago way before this movie BUT This truly NEEDS to happen for real.  Not north versus south tho; right versus left, woke versus anti-woke’ism. The notion to put it out there has finally arrived. Which side are you on?
Yeah this should help
NoW this is a real movie
No need to see the film. You'll be living it soon enough.
The interesting part is that people criticized this movie based on the real-world politics.  The truth is that time is the hand which smears the chalk. In truth, every conflict comes down to tribalism and alliance. All of the specifics are circumstantial.  The truth is that you lose track of patterns if you only analyze the conflict through the scope of today. We will progress in a linear sequence of development. That is true enough, but we need to address the folly of human tribal behavior if we wish to break the cycle of collapse and embrace true advancement.
I may be from NYC, but I'm joining Team South in a heartbeat. They're all talk up here... but when push comes to shove, they ain't shovin' lol
Tough
I audibly laughed when I heard that this movie has a Texas/California alliance.
What a fantastic time to show a trailer for a movie about a modern American civil war! 😂
Where’s  Captain America and Iron Man? They’ve already settled this.
The whistling is SAF.
I thought truth was supposed to be stranger than fiction, not one indistinguishable from the other!
Pretty sure when we have the second civil war, Texas and California will be on opposite sides.
The only way this movie works is if California got tired of footing the bill for all the damn Republican states that can't manage their own affairs and seceded on its own, not with Texas.  Cause the both leaving together is ridiculous.
Cant get us to fight each other via the news, so they decided to make a movie to try and influence us. Up yours WEF!
I got chills
Mount up they are letting us know what’s coming get ready. Watch Red Dawn 1&2 then this movie and then this one. Pay very close attention. Prepare!
Give California back to Mexico. The end
Wide open boarder, millions of immigrants crossing, inflation, up coming election, this very well could happen this year. Be safe out there.
California and Texas are both full of people with strong beliefs and culture if the federal governments interfered enough in their way of life i could see them uniting against it
F@CK YOUR PREDICTIVE PROGRAMMING F@CK HOLLYWOOD!
This is exactly what the Democratic Party is INTENTIONALLY pushing for by bringing in am these ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!💯
In a time of war the enemy of my  enemy is my friend Two opposites can work togather to defeat greater threat even if it is only a temporary Alliance
This trailer is causing civil war in the comments 😳 😂😂😂
Propaganda at it’s best
Wagner Moura is a moron.
Let's do this. I'm ready.
IS THIS WHAT AMERICA WANTS FOR THE FUTURE
bro someone send me to the watch party for this ! ty
*Propaganda!* _Cough_ _cough_
I love the choice of making the trailer the style of USA vs aliens, the reds or even godzilla and instead making it about the US fighting itself, I love it
Wow this is not funny they letting us know what is coming.
It would have been badass if they released this on March 2nd. That's Texas Independence Day for those who don't live in the state.
All hail president Ron!
If the Democrats keep their destruction of the USA rolling this is a real possibility. Let’s all assume it would not be a great year for a Biden sign in the front yard.
Trumpers vs all races
Feel like maybe the current environment is not quite the best time for this kind of movie. lol
Spoiler: Captain America wins in the end
we should just do left vs right.
Hollywood trying to tell us something?
Yeah, this isn't preparing people to be desensitized. I swear we are in the Matrix
Lame.
That's hilarious. I thought it would be available in theaters April 1st only. This movie brought to you by talentless leftards from Commie-wood, Commie-fornia.
Like we need a movie like this in this day and time.
Why would California succeed?  We've been mostly democrat for a number of years now and so far, no indications of change. As the most populous, we LEAD and most other states follow. The southern redneck states along with Idaho, maybe Montana, Oaklohoma, now those would consider secession, if it actually came to that. There are dollops of right wing militancy throughout Cali but these are a minority. Now Texas is more believable. The politics of that state stink something awful. While there are elements of blue and democrat in TX (think of Austin and San Antonio) the vast majority of it is still Red. California will never work with TX as long as TX remains a backwater of intellectually stunted politics.
It'll be a hit among the dim-witted, red baseball cap wearing segment.
“All wars are civil wars because all men are brothers.” -Bertrand Russell
Texas, Florida, and California seceding?  Could happen, with the way each state is so extreme in their views.  Texas and California joining forces?  Not in a million years.  If that is what is happening in this movie, someone isn't paying attention to current affairs of this country.
Americans vs. DemocRATS
GAAAAAYYYYY
bru this looks like shit
There is a war coming and already has begun, the World versus Christianity, the people of the World against the people of God, the beast versus the church. If God had not shortened those days no Christian would survive but for the sake of the elect those days will be shortened. In the end Christ will return as He promised and then the end will come and He will save His people that call out to Him day and night for justice. America will take the lead in it's persecution of the people of God and we'll be just another pawn on the board of the antichrists war on the church. The writing is already on the wall.
It's aliens😂  California and Texas are friends, with a common goal. This is fiction.
So this is how the USA becomes a third world country, got it.
So is this like a republicans vs democrats sort of thing?
Waiting for this in real life.
The democrats funded the movie
You think it’s a good war movie but arrive to find out it’s just AntiMAGA Democrat propaganda
Alright, probably gonna see this happen IRL before this movie even makes it to theaters
CA vs Texas? Oh God. We are so screwed here in S.F.
Woke....
F this predictive programming propaganda BS.  Trying to desensitize Americans to fighting each other.  It's the people who funded and produced this garbage we need to be fighting, not each other.  When will people understand we the people are being targeted by unelected bureaucrats who want to stomp their boot on our necks.  STOP getting your ideological perspective from the psychos who own the entertainment industry (i.e the propaganda mill of America).
another version of red dawn
Lmao Texas and California…I call bs
Like without old century what if future century like this.
Nice
Guys they made Division 2 into a movie
Texas like California has a massive and diverse population, high rates of poverty, immigrations concerns, ineffective social security, and underdeveloped infrastructure. While the Texas economy may be booming it’s mostly large corporations reaping the benefits. If political trends in the state continue we should see  increased deregulation,   Increased reliance on cheap or even illegal labor, and lower class mobility.   In a couple decades Texas could become an corporate hell hole defined by extreme income disparity. California could get there even sooner! So we may not be there yet but in I do see a future where Texas and California could ally with one another probably due to some populist
I didn’t see any purple haired non binaries on the battlefield. Where’s the civil war?
We all know this isn’t science fiction.
More garbage from the psyop arm of the security state.
Film is only used to brainwash the public. This will be classic propaganda.
Where is red sunglasses man? Is he safe? Is he alright?
This is all planned by design.
This is what “by any means necessary” leads too.
This is literally psyops and propaganada.
Sorry this waste of time just screams horseshit.  If there is a real civil war it will be on political lines not geographic and it will be over in hours, not days.
And you’d think they could afford more than a parrot to whistle America the beautiful for the trailer
The multi-state alliance was formed to stop President Swanson from taking all the bacon we have.
hey this isnt funny
Coming to a country near you.
You all do realize this is propaganda. 90% of Republicans live outside the major cities and 90% of liberals live in major cities. So who is going to have the advantage? You think republicans are going to invade our big cities, probably no they are probably just going blow up our bridges so no food or medical or any other supplies can’t get in and we won’t be able to leave since the roads are blown up. We would be screwed.
Let me guess, another anti-White A24 movie.
Anyone notice the amount of America apocalyptic moviea coming out recently
Well isn’t this predictive programming!!!!
Well isn’t this predictive programming!!!!
This SUCKS!!
Nick Offerman as the president of united states is perfect. Because if a Civil War did break out, it would require a present to help fan the flame. Hes the  same clown that gave  Putin the middle finger yet has no problem making sure that China is happy
Well this seems terrifying
For King Jaeherys knew the cold, hard truth: the only thing that could tear down the House of the Dragon was itself
If President Swanson can't save us, the Republic is truly doomed...
There was already a movie called The Second Civil War.   Already better than this crap.
It's called the purge 😅
I really hope we have a real civil war
Can’t take Nick Offerman seriously after they made him Big Gay for the last of us tv series. I will pirate this movie in Central America for pennies
Not sure but Texas would never side with California as it exists today. Except maybe Austin 😂
Its about that time
Wait. Where's Ironman?
Couldn't have come up with a less believable rebel alliance if you tried
BOOGALOO
It has to happen
Sorry, can’t stand whistling. I’ll watch the movie when it comes out.
Texas and California used to be republics that separated from Mexico before joining the united states during the Mexican American war
Now why would there ever be a civil war between texas and cali both nathans really dont hate each at all
So this is happening next year? Cant wait.
Did anyone notice the soldier with the mental illness haircut?
Lame.  On both sides of the isle, This does nothing but fuel the current hate between the political parties when we should collectively be trying to come to atleast a mutual understanding.  A cheap attempt at making money at the population expense.
As a Texan I don’t want to be associated with anything related to California 😂
i would never ally with a californian tf
I don't watch Hollywood anymore so...
Too many Rambo fans in here. Once they have you fighting actually fighting each other in your little big war,  they will finally have the opportunity to cull most of you. And they will. Easily.
Blowing up a monument for probably no reason other than spectacle is not a good sign for an A24 film.
SUPERRRRRRRR GAYYYYY NO THANKS..
I fear this may act as an instructional video if a certain someone wins an election.
Just in time….
.
What is this supposed to be about
They don't know what side they're on. Excuse me if there's a secession we know exactly what side we are on. And it's nothing that you would see in Hollywood either
There is something wrong when a movie has Texas and California join forces?!?
Sounds like Texas, California and Florida left the Union independently.
I see the director is trying to say something while saying absolutely nothing.
It's more believable if Texas and California were at war with each other. But an alliance? That's asking too much of the audience. It's laughable.
If you want to loose a war have California on your side 😂
Hope Russia would send weapon and intelligence support to the western forces, lol
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING  !! SHAME ON ALL PRODUCERS OF THIS CRAP PRODUCT !! SHAME !! DISGUSTING  !
This would never happen . Cause people are too lazy now
With how society is nowadays, 60% of the U.S. population would be dead within two months of a Civil War.
i hate trailers with creepy whistle..
There is nothing interesting about this concept
Rather see Joe Biden put up his own fists only to load his adult diaper.
A24 - for when you want to be completely stressed out from start to finish
Ah so we’re going with the most unrealistic scenario because if you think that California and Texas are allying on anything… go get a brain scan
From the trailer....I think it misses the point that a second civil war wouldn't last very long...only one side would really know how to fight...the other side in the midst of a losing battle would stage a protest and threaten a boycott....
Tasteless and irresponsible to produce a movie like this at this time.. This is like Ben Shapiro's school shooting thriller action..
Obama made this happen. It's that simple.
Good luck having California and Texas get along.
Should be ashamed of yourselves for even suggesting such a thing
Plan to fight under the first cavalry under Trump
*sees soldier with greenish blonde hair and nail polish*  Oh yea, that's definitely a soy fed Californian.
?? Wha??
LMAO  I think it should have been FL and NY vs TX and CA 😂
No mistake on the timing of this release. They're projecting.
Ngl, the scene where they blow up the Lincoln Memorial… 🤯 strong stuff.
Not even remotely believable plot.
It's not gonna happen like this.
“If I ever made a pro-war film I ought to be shot.” ~John Huston.    One of many men responsible for the WWII footage we have today, to make sure we learned those lessons.   We have photographs from the first civil war too, if only we had footage.  Do we really want that strife, again?
Wait, so it’s The Florida Alliance and the Western Forces of California and Texas that are rebelling? How in the world do the other 47 states even stand a chance?!
Have any right-wingers (Maga, Daily Wire knutters) mistook this as sympathizing to their lost cause?
These are just  messages that will happen literally for sure one day wether we like it or not, you see, people watch movies for entertainment purposes only but as for me, I watch movies for entertainment and gather messages as well because there are thousands of movies out there that does have an accurate description for what will occur ahead in the near future; it isn't scary to watch it on a movie, but it most definitely be scary when it happens for real!!!  That's ok if ya don't believe it isn't going to happen in real life, cause i do believe it will happen and i truly hope I'm not in this world for when that day happens!!!
Wrath of Wendigo
War is not pretty but it will probably be necessary. "The only way to stop an opposing force, is with opposing force" ...Einstein.
Just what America needs right now, the idea of a civil war.  👎🏻
“Jewiiiiishh” - Ye
Coming this summer to America 2024
Somewhere, Tim Pool just came.
Well i know what state's this movie's going to be popular in and it starts with the letter T The other starts with A but with the way things are going in this  country it might be the Whole dam Alphabet by years end.
Only the most fruity elements of the Trump nuthouse want Civil War. If it ever happens it would last less than a few days, and they would lose everything.
Oh please say that within a few months this won't be a documentary.
Alex Garland I fucking love you
Cali’s more red than u think…only 3 or 4 cities that aren’t & they won’t fight anyways 😂
This looks so stupid and unrealistic. Cali and Texas  wtf
JUST  GIVE  CHINA  THE  KEYS  TO  THE  CAR  ALREADY   !
😂 Talk about programming!!?
Why do I feel like this is going to give some people ideas…🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🫠
Texas and California being allies makes sense. They are both liberal states full of soft-handed nancyboys.
As someone who doesn’t live in the states, I legit watch your national news like a comedic movie/tv. It is legitimately entertaining watching it collapse in on itself like a dying star over the last 5 years and over the next 10 years. Glhf lol
this is bait and absolute garbage.
This is made by the studio behind Hazbin Hotel
nuke the freaking moon
Based on true events during Bindens 2nd term
Is this a movie trailer is this the news
The movie looks interesting but this will never happen 😊
This concept makes me uncomfortable
Gotta love that fear mongering bullshit.
Why the man w green hair an painted nails?
Almost there.. almost there.. if continue this way..
That sniper had painted fingernails. Must have been a California fighter
"I, old veteran, do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the Uniform Code of Military Justice. So help me God" - me. It has no expiration date.
Si el socialismo sigue penetrando en usa. En eso terminara.
Just so this isn't just another vapid "Texas and California, LOL" comment, here's how I think they'll explain it in the film:  Both states no longer want to be part of the US because of...some reason TBD, but probably not too hard for the writers to flush out.  So they temporarily agree to join forces to fight for independence with the understanding that when this is all over, they'll go their separate ways, close international travel between them, and happily have nothing to do with each other ever after.
I’m sorry, but a western force of Texas and California you’ve got a better chance of having Florida team up with Illinois
I hate how unrealistically low some movies have aircraft flying. An F22 is not going to be flying over an active war zone performing a useless maneuver like a barrel roll 🤣🤣🤣 But its a movie and it looks pretty i get it.
Surprised this isn’t from Blumhouse
This is what they want ppl. Don't fall for the division tactics that are pushed daily. The biggest threat to the powers that shouldn't be are a ppl united.
I’m sorry but just like everything else in the world. The indiginous, native, black and brown communities and humans are ten times more proficient self adapting, genuine, smart, resourceful, strong, well off, skilled, imaginative, performative, organizational, respectful classy and over all just way better fKn bad asses than their “OPPRESSORS” plus they the “oppressed” have the side of their countries majorities In all aspects and their militaries 😂  So in the event of an actual civil war😔Or- “ROUND 2”  god forbid. “The Oppressors don’t stand a fKn chance.
I want to know what the federal government did to make Texas and California team up in alliance
Everybody gangsta until there’s shortage of toilet papers 🧻
You cannot trust Hollywood to make a good movie about this.
We all need to start speaking up about this movie coming out April 12. Civil War. It’s purpose to divide our country even more and make republicans look like the party that wants to destroy our country. Don’t give your money to these leftist communists clowns
did New Jersey misgender them?
These movies are instigators of chaos !!
Marjorie Taylor green is finger banging her leathery slit to this
Texas and California that’s like eggs and seaweed??? Will have to watch and see. 😮
Texas...and California😂😂😂😂 Come on man. Your gonna piss off the wrong Texan with that kind of talk😂😂😂😂
I'm pretty sure what it won't show is starving infants with bloated bellies because there's no food, people dying stinking horrible deaths from cancer because there is no treatment available, their bodies rotting alive and necrotic tissue smelling to high heaven . And, well, they can't "show" the stink, but there'd be stink a-plenty. As Mary Boykin Chestnut of South Carolina said along about the end of 1864 "god dam to all eternity the men who started this war" . She was initially all-in for secession , but the utter horror and devastation that war brought to our country changed her perspective.  It ain't no videogame , people.  There would be 10 to 15 MILLION dead Americans , and out nation would destroyed.
It's cute how the buildings and surroundings are still pristine.   If their was a civil war 2, all cities would crumbly grey
They’ll make the liberals the good guys of course
Is this an allegory to January 6th?
The painted finger nails on that sniper were probably the cringiest part of this whole thing.
Gave me chills
True science fiction is called nonfiction. Smfh
I gotta say its pretty fd up they put this out while civil war is being spoken so heavily about.
Wait, it's the south and California? I doubt they will work together seeing how open California is and how closed off Texas and Florida are.
Really? Come on. You know that California is not siding with Texas. 😂
This movie is going to be more popular than expected.  This is going to scare lots of people even around the world
Don't forget that most of the one's fighting and dying in war aren't the ones believing in or benefitting from the garbage the governments of their side promotes. The lower ranked masses in each military would be 1, the DEI superiors and puppeteers are another. They would be glad to throw you at their enemy.
America has the world’s greatest military. And a civil war to demonstrate the full potential we are capable of. The greatest shitshow humanity will ever see.
Shout out to any real humans in the comments section flooded with bots
Am I the only one that thinks it’s gross that this was made?
I wonder what the feds did in this one. Short of dismantling parts of the constitution, there wouldn't be a Civil War the average person would fight in here in the US. If they dismantled the constitution, I could see secession and armed rebellion.
Of course they had to do some low hanging fruit eerie patriotic music.  🙄
Im assuming he’s a Libertarian president?
This looks like utter shit.
Ah, looks like more mental masturbation from the Left, about how those conservative meanies are going to try to force their way of life on the peaceful, freedom-loving "free states".  It is always amusing to see the Fascists project their innermost desires on those they want to label as "the enemy".  The Left wants to control people and force them to do things their way, under the threat of retaliation if they don't.  The Right just wants to be left alone.
Looks like dogshit
looks like a maga wet dream
why is Texas a "western" force? Isnt it in the east? 🤔
A plot point here that I’m questioning is doesn’t Texas have an agreement that allows it to succeed from the the United States if voted in?
Yeah Texas ain't gonna help California. 😒  keep dreaming, I'm in indiana and we look down on Cali plates.
Shouldn’t this be Civil War 2?
when this bombs can alex garland go away
meh. I'll wait for streaming.
Spiderman is in this one yeah?
I think this movie is a warning sign....
Apparently fiction is now becoming reality
This movie is anti semitic it says from the sea!!!  I'm not watching how dare they!!  Arghh!
Never happen. America is full of cowards!
Yeah everyone knows the US is about to have another civil war. But why you gotta Fat Todd us in the process?
Ron swanson wouldn't allow war.
Pop Smoke: "I Make a Call and it's War!"
Attacking people for trying to secede is like trying to kill your boyfriend or girlfriend for breaking up with you.
Looks like crap
Honestly I think it should have been a comedy. The obese scooter corp of Trumplings battling the purple haired transgender commies for control of Walmart. Idiocracy meets Dr. Strangelove.
Let me guess its a crap movie that plays on fear
I can’t wait  to see it
MAGAs wet dream......
A zombie uprising during an alien invasion is more believable than a California + Texas secessionist alliance.
Honestly it doesn’t look that bad of a movie
Humanity is too comfortable with conflict and violance. So... Until humanity tires of destroying each other with conflict and War? War will continue to exist, because humanity gives it an unconditional existence.
Was this produced by the Obamas as well?
Lmao!!! Texas and Florida is the real play. Cali can't even find the right bathrooms! 😂
I love how these platforms will censor any form of fact based opinions based on some sort of vague hate speech policies they claim will  cause violence....and yet prop up and promote a movie during the countries most heated political climates that involves its people going to war with each other .
I have a better chance of winning the lottery than Texas and California ever being on the same side and FWI I don't play the lottery
Just thinking, we need a COD civil war
I can only speculate that the reason Texas and California would work together, is the same reason that the Nazis and the Japanese worked together......they plan to stab each other in the back eventually
The world Republicans want 😂
The Purge: Civil War
The Texas-Californian flag patch kind of goes hard though
jack reacher? 0:24
lol at Hollywood trying to profit off the very feelings of discontent and division it has spent the last decade actively fostering.  Wish this movie would just drop so it can get panned and then laughed out of theaters in a couple weeks.
I'm actually curious about what reason they came up with for Texas and California to unite against the federal government because even during the actual American Civil War Texas and California were on different sides.
I love the idea that anyone would object to the two most annoying states in the U.S. leaving
Sniper with pink nail polish yea no thanks ill pass on this woke Trash
Americans killing Americans on large scale this time. Will it show Putin laughing his @$$ off?
Texas and California? So it's a comedy?
It’s really sad that people in this country want a Civil War again.
Sick sick sick👎👎
Predictive programming at its finest. The powers that be are showing us what their plans are for the future.
🗑️🗑️🗑️
The fact that soldiers are fighting against its citizens for the corrupt government is crazy
After the violence of the last election year, this movie release should not be happening during an election year. I am disappointed in the lack of respect with the release date.   I hope its not a full blown anti american movie message.
Thats the one thing that brings me peace. America is so individualistic that we can't agree with each other enough to form such an alliance. Hell, the radical groups that we "have" cant even agree amongst themselves on what freedom actually is. The sectarian divide amongst us helps me sleep at night.
That looks...terrible.
The Spanish Civil War. It's been almost 100 years, but it's a good reference to what would happen here. Remember, every Gov that is too autocratic eventually falls.
I like the idea, but a Hollywood will make the left win the war in the end so, eh not worth the watch
They should've used Greg Kihn's Breakup Song for this trailer.
So it's not just simpsons. Hollywood are trying to stir up a civil war. Its happening people. They're instigating race wars right now.
If Texas succeeded it and the blue states would immediately collapse economically without all the financial aid they get from red states.
“All wars are civil wars because all men are brothers... Each one owes infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in which he was born.” Francois de Salignac de La Mothe.
İn 5 years to reality
America rahhhhh
Now that was a master class in how to do a movie trailer correctly
THIS IS WHAT GONNA HAPPEN WAKE UP PEOPLE GO WATCH LEAVE THE WORLD BEHIND THE END IS HERE JESUS COMING SOON LETS PREPARE NOW YOU CAN RUN FROM DEATH ❤🙏🏾
So you wake up one day and there is no power, internet, or way of extended communications. Then all hell breaks loose. I pray never to see this happen here. However my spidy sense has been tingling for a while. May God have mercy on us.
Wonder if the Trumper soldiers will have the historically accurate amount of diabetes and crushing alcoholism.
WOW more propaganda and instigating bs ....... what america is really great in
“The color of your skin is your uniform in this ultimate battle for the survival of the West.”—George Lincoln Rockwell
Isn’t Texas conservative state and California a liberal state? This  makes no sense.
People laugh about Texas and California uniting. But I’ll bet the hard working people in both states have more in common than what’s shown in the mainstream media
They keep throwing these movies at us left and right…. Pretty sure this is what our future is going to look like😔🫠
this is the global elites' wet dream. theyre showing us exactly what theyre intentionally pushing the country towards
maybe there is the gov vs liberal faction vs republican faction with a bunch of neutral states
Yea great propaganda showing the downfall of America movies are garbage!!!now is the time to come together all races and ppl as Americans and fix this country we all need to be done with music and movies and media that bring us down and not together we’re all tired of this
Instead of arming California allowing the citizens to protect the West coast or government is more concerned with keeping it a tourist attraction
What a MAGA wetdream this is...
They're really going hard on conditioning the general public's mind into preparing for a civil war
This is more Hollywood trash meant to divide us against each other.  Remember, the trash that made this movie would never dare make a movie that denounced the mass murdering communists in China.
I love documentaries!
God help us  I hope this never happens in real life  To the US
pass
Nice to see a preview of 2030😂
I can see this happening in real life
Republican wet dream
A commie countries Pacific coast invasion wet dream to be retreated by Oregon, Washington & California armed civilians, ha!.
A24 is probably the best movie makers of this Era
The rainbow communist taking over the US.
No zombies?, sad!.
Inaccurate 🤓
You call it a horror movie. I call it overdue reality.
Perhaps he just means Texas and California are both independent western forces and not literally allied with one another
"Brought to you by 'The View'."
If anyone thinks that Texas and California would be allied is hilarious
No matter what the results are in this next election is. It's going to start a fight.
"Illegal secessionist government" heard that one before!  Just as unConstitutional to say that now as it was then, every state is Sovereign and they have given some of their power to a Federal government but retain the right to withdraw that gift and leave the union when absolutely necessary!  When West-Point was first opened the Handbook used by the officers there had an entire section which spelled out step by step the way in which a state ought to proceed when seceding from the Union.
Sure let’s glorify a horrible tragedy like civil war with a movie. Eff the person who made this, eff those who applaud it and eff those who are want a civil war to happen. Those who claim they’re ready to go to war are the ones who are truly not prepared for war.
Just the concept of a second American Civil War is terrifying. I don’t need to see it in a movie. Especially one that makes it look like Call of Duty.
The Florida Alliance is F-A?
I’ve seen too many comments sharing scathing political takes and acting like military theorists and these fools can’t even spell “secede”. IT IS NOT “SUCCEED”. Our population is not going to be able to parse this movie at all and honestly I question whether making it was the right decision.
MEGA supporters wet dream in this movie XD
California & New York vs. Texas & Florida is much more likely. With Florida getting its azz kicked in all scenarios
This isn’t a movie this is a documentary. State versus state because the Democratic Party fucked everything up.
A24 strikes again!! Keep it up !🎉
Some people think they want this to happen, but if it did it would be every man for themselves
Wait did they ally Texas and California?  1. Lol 2. That's like 60% of the US economy AND like 80% of its military.
Hold up Texas and California? Not a chance in hell
This movie is going to be super 🫄👪🌈🎠🏳️‍🌈🍥🍕🦋GAY
This movie is going to be so fun to hate because of how ridiculous it is.
Ser um dia o EUA entrar em guerra civil, vai ser a maior guerra civil de todas !
That means russian infiltration in usa society is complete
guess ill die
This is what Russia and china is dreaming for
Glad we get to see something fresh without seeing another super hero movie out
I’m intrigued but will not see this movie in theaters… feel like something might happens… somewhere😂😂
Every Kremlin Boot Licking Traitor in America will love this.
CIVIL WAR coming to        the theatre on     AbrahamLincolns  date of death. Coincidence ?
See the soldiers fighting like badasses? That isnt going to be you. See those refugee tents in the stadium? That is where you will be if there is a civl war. Americans who see this as something that should happen do not understand how this would work.
No black people in the future again 😮
Eh.
This is the world that the Democrat's and their overlords want.
They should make a movie that is about nuclear warfare from how it started to how it ends and each movie gradually shows a depiction of what scientist would think would happen in the aftermath with humans and how the apocalypse would be
The amount of movie writing that is based on: America vs. Russia And America vs America Is kind of hilariously forboding.
I was expecting it to be Marvel
This is looking stupider and worse with each trailer. I think the novelty of a real civil war is supposed to entice people to watch this cause it doesn't look like much of a story here outside of hollywood politics imagining a scenario that likely won't happen. Anyway TRUMP 2024
COMING SOON! (not only to theatres)
The second one should be the after math of a civil war
It’s scary that soon this will be a documentary or a film…
People citing TX and CA as allies is pure sci-fi, yeaaaaaah, duh, it's not a documentary or a real-life depiction to incite a civil war, SMH.
The minute I heard about a Texas and California alliance I knew this was crap.  I mean, really? Total lack of any knowledge of culture, politics or common sense.
Lol, if Texas were to secede, there is no way they would be uniting with California! The likes of California is exactly the reason Texas WOULD secede!  An alliance with Florida? Maybe, sure, why not?! However, California? They say war makes strange bedfellows and the enemy of my enemy is my friend etc.  So, perhaps California and Texas might coordinate thwir efforts for their own mutual benefit as a temoorary alliance, but DRFINITELY no form of unified form of government going on there.  I think either Texas would seek either to be its own Republic again. Barring thst, it woukd band together with other largely conservative states to form a union with a much more stripped down federal and beefed up state governments. Before anyone says it, no, slavery would not be allowed in any given state, regardless.
Obamas wet dream the movie
I’ll tell you a secret, California would never go with Texas in anything, absolutely nothing, it’s a shame they went this route, what a stupid misguided synopsis.
On this years Q1 scheduled predictive programming!
If Trump gets reelected, there's gonna be a civil war for sure.
Crazy how when the first trailer came out everyone was like "this is so fictional"  Now everyone is in real life seeing the Texas government leading a somewhat rebelión against the federal government and probably by the end of this year's elections Americans will be fighting americans.  This movie wasn't a fictional movie.  It was a documentary that moved through time.
Half expected "This is America" there at the end instead of "This is Civil War".
Gonna be the next Red Dawn. Kinda good but not really in some areas.
They did this with Covid too. What an insult, man. What. An. Insult.
Posting this for all the dumbasses...  Let the numbers speak.  From 2020: CA 11.1M for Biden, 6M for Trump.  TX 5.2M for Biden, 5.8M for Trump.  As you can see, CA is more liberal than TX is conservative based on these stats alone.  There are both so-called liberals and so-called conservatives all around you.  You don't want a civil war.
California and Texas have the two highest economies in the world, cal 5 Tex was 7 if I’m not mistaken. of course the government wouldn’t want them to leave.
SEE how wrong the left thinks, it will not be the right to hit the lincoln memorial i guarantee you. we love America ! not hate it like the one world goverment movement
it will be the Way you all belong!
Looks like a sequel to the forever purge...
goofy ahh thumbnail
I'll be blunt. Looks stupid... half the trailer are guns cocking or loading.  Free arousals for Call of Duty dudes heeerrre... come and get it!
Patriots v progressives. Any time they are ready
Looks good. I'll never watch it though.
A second war of Northern aggression?! I hope not.
Bruh where is captain America and tony stark
Florida...ok im with ya...Texas...oh yeh here we go...and California...uuuuh yeh not buying it.
To the sheeple that keep saying “California and Texas would never align” you need to realize the amount of Californians that have moved to Texas. Also a large number of other people from blue states have moved to Texas, so this is a feasible idea.  And the second a civil war breaks out in the US, China and/or Russia will move in to take over.
I feel like this wouldn't be too difficult to win for the rest of America, there are a LOT of military bases in the east, alaska and hawaii, and texas is the only one in this scenario that actually makes money in it's economy. I feel like this would be a germany italy scenario from WWII.
Would've been better if they used real alliances. Kind of defeats the purpose of using the US as a setting and not using realistic state views
In all honesty a civil war in America is essentially the big cities of each states versus their own state. One side would win pretty easily
For my daughters, granddaughter etc.. I’m ready!
Omg the whistling of the anthem is SO CHEESY.  Almost puts me off wanting to watch the fascinating and not completely fictitious idea . ...  Nah I'll stillw watch it
A movie to program the nuts in this country.  Very poor taste for a time in which we are on the brink of a true civil war.  A failing two party system.  Two morons running for president where one could die in office before the end of a maybe second term or a dictator could be elected.  Either way this movie will come true, except for California and Texas joining forces.
showing up to theaters wearing "don't mess with texas" shirt
This looks like crap
As nick mullen once said ANOTHER A24 modern movie 😂😂😂😂😂 the industry every one in our country is in shambles can we somehow fix this soon .
Interesting that Cee Eye Aye run Hollywood knows what is coming and still they continue to push their ideological destruction of America. Sheol awaits them.
While I agree with BradyKing1625 in general, as a Californian I must say that CA is consumed by blue politicians.  Newsom is horrible and his liberal democrats are doing their very best to drive CA the way of San Francisco, Los Angeles, etc.  Over and over again I see his administration and liberal democrats attacking the 2nd amendment, driving up taxes and fees like you wouldn’t believe, and passing more and more ridiculous laws.  CA is a beautiful state.  I hate that politics are driving people and businesses out. Surprised surprise, I’m not a follower of Trump nor of the extreme right wing, but I’m definitely not a supporter of the ridiculous left agenda.  And they hate each other.  It feels as though we are being pulled apart by the extremes.
The scenario is too grand and factors too numerous, curious how they are gonna execute the story in a realistically intriguing manner. World War Z is a good example of a big zombie movie.
Well liberals are too weak, and conservatives are too lazy and disorganized for something like this to happen so… 😂
What we have here is failure to communicate. We don't need no civil war.
The saddest part is it won’t be north vs south, east vs west…   It would be free for all carnage with each and every neighbor you don’t share the same opinions with.
Texas would NEVER align with Cali.  😂😂😂😂😂
Y texas n california. 😮
Y'all some scary, fearmongering idiots with a civil war/apocalypse/weekend soldier fantasy. Civil War is not going to happen because you all want peaceful slavery.
Produced by Putin to further divide America
Movie just prepping us for November
It will be a war between the criminally INSANE and normal ppl.
This will be nothing but leftist fear pron
Is this a 2024 documentary?
Civil war will be catastrophic and rip your families apart. However, there are times in history where you have to risk everything to be free or suffer tyrannical slavery which will only become more oppressive.
Боже похорони Америку.
No you don't! You don't get to write this narrative! Already been done. The truth is out. We aren't living off your lies anymore. So this is your last ditch effort to pit us against each other. You fail. We aren't fighting your wars anymore. Let's put your ass in the ring, see how far you can take it. Hmm? You know who you are, and so do we. 🙌 now piss off with your war games! 😂
This documentary is gonna be crazy!
"Executive Producer(s): Joe and Jill Biden."
The whistling is so horrendous
For A24's sake I hope this shit doesn't bomb like I think it will.
Are these trailers causing MAGA to cum over time?
US AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT !!!!!
Damn, the Lincoln Memorial?! 🚀✴️
In theaters April, but there have been SO many sneak previews over the past 20 years! I've been looking forward to this for so long! 🎉🎉
I stand with the Florida alliance
I only hope this is what if and not real and only made this movie for money.
This A24 film seems more Lionsgate. They're more likely to distribute something lame like this
Just let Texas form their own country.  Sure won’t be missed.
😂an alliance of Texas & Florida is more likely than this
pablo escobar
This movie wont do well if the blowing up US historical monuments
Looks bad
J.W. porn. LOL
The obama's are trying to instigate a civil war on purpose always trying to sow seeds of discord 😠
Oh, brother.
If it doesn't change the minds of those who actually think they want a civil war, then it's nothing but a gross perversion and irresponsible storytelling. We don't need a civil war; we need better public education. I'm wary of this, but will go into it with an open mind knowing Garland and A24 are behind it.
Totally plausible. It’s a near future where most of Texas is ex-Californians.
Elon Musk & George Soros were 100% behind this
Can moviemakers EVER COME UP WITH A MOVIE THAT ISN'T ALL ABOUT VIOLENCE ANYMORE?!  I mean it is ridiculous.  I miss the 80s movies.
lame.
Rethuglikkans will lose the 2nd civil war.
I'm sure there's absolutely no reason why what is certain to be an extremely politically charged movie is scheduled to be released in an election year.
Predictive programming at its finest
This movie is nothing but a rednecks wet dream. The people who keep saying "there's going to be a civil war" are a part of an echo chamber that has been saying this for over 50 years. Just like those who think they'd be such badasses if they entered conflict would be the biggest cowards when they actually get put into the situation.
What’s the helicopter model at 0:45?
Texas and California as allies? I think "The Last of Us" has a better shot at realization.
Fun fact: Texas and California are two of the three states that were independent republics before joining the US. Vermont being the 3rd.
Tell me youve never studied the first American Civil War without telling me. A Texas and California alliance its very possible. Theres more progressives in Texas than New York.
"ngl, war aint it fam"  - Sun Tzu the Art of War
The writers obviously have no clue about reality.  I miss when Hollywood made actual entertainment.
America: At War. Other countries: Ok.
That nail polish isn't standard issue
Revoke your consent as a first step....look it up, then look at how the Government has used policy to enslave us...gotta educate yourself..start with the 13th amendent, then the 14th amendment, then go on to 1913, 1933 etc. People volunteer to give away their servitude to the Coporate "UNITED STATES of AMERICA" its all a legal word game
PROPAGANDA
California is run by the major liberal cities . LA being the most populated . There are pockets of conservatives outside the major liberal cities .
Shouldn't they have muskets?
Imagine if they mean trump supporters vs bidan supporters!😮
In the event of a civilian uprising against the gov't, the US military, national guard AND all of law enforcement do not have enough ground forces to control even 50% of the major cities, never mind the rural areas....
2025 is when it really is going to happen
Stupid idea for a movie. A24 has finally gone unoriginal.
The democrats will lose again.
This movie is sending a message of the possibility of what could come.
Y'all keep talking About the unlikelyhood of Texas and California but Im thinking the least likely thing is to have Ron Swanson as president since he hates government so much
Lord hope not No war just need Trump
Is this produced by the obamas also?
THIS IS?…this is BULL SHIT…🤨🤦🏻‍♂️
@1:10 the rocket launcher hits in the corner but the explosion happens two columns away... what?
It will never come to this and if it did the military would clean up real fast like
Where’s captain America and iron man?
Imagine the best sniper of the resistance still painting his nails the trans flag colors. Statistically speaking that sniper would off himself 42% of the time.
Not sure why Texas would need California.
I stand with Texas (in the movie)  😉
The sheer idiocy LOL in thinking CA and TX would ever unite. The worst infestation of rainbow acolytes teaming up with the strongest and most courageous nation in the entire US.... ;'D
An alliance between Texas and California is  like oil and water.  Both states don't work together.
Some stupid shit
Who the hell was the script advisor Jared Kushner? Someone didn't do any research into Red States and Blue States, the national guard, or federal forces. This is as bad as Designated Survivor not consulting the declassifed Greek Island protocols for continuity of government. Waiting until midseason to have special elections replacing the House. And what took the governors so long to appoint the Senate. It's like The Purge: these writers spend no time thinking about how accruacy makes for better action and better storytelling.
Mom, can we watch Civil War in the cinema? No, we have Civil War at home. Civil War at home: 2024 Presidential Election
Most are forgetting that only the hugely and densely populated areas of californian are extremely left. It is likely that "red" californian easily overpowered the governor and the tiny blue hotspots within the state.
This must be the sequel to Leave The World Behind 😂
I will not not fight in a European war. All wars have been European made wars. And i will not participate. In any of them. And im not going to a European jail for not participating. Read between the lines
A Texas/California alliance…what a frightening thought!
This looks ridiculous 😑
Oh look. Another “wHiTe mAn bAd” movie 🙄
We are in a more theological good and evil civil war right now where we should be fighting with our votes.  I truly fear the next civil war, for I believe it will be within my lifetime if things dont come back to normal.
People bs’n this shit most likely will happen and it’s no joke. Almost like foreshadowing.
They allied Texas and California. So we already know this without having seen a second of it. That DeepStateStudios will present us with this premise: if Civil War breaks out, it's not our fault, but because of Trump voting hicks taking over our poor poor lil democracy.
I hate this.
I get this is supposed to be fictional, but Commiefornia and TX joining forces is ridiculous. So much so, you can't even suspend your disbelief.
If we ever get another civil war it’ll be the rich vs the poor.
Releasing this during an election year? Yeah. That's not political. 🙄
Damn, this could be good
Holy hootenanny!  Seeing the Lincoln Memorial hit made me wince.
Assuming the red part of Cali overthrew the blues, then yeah I could see this union between them and Texas...and with most of the rest of the U.S. except commie Oregon and WA, evil DC, NY and most of the NE...and poor Hawaii, who never wanted to be part of the U.S. in the first place. Ironic that the first place they'd nuke would be Hollywood.
To everyone that thinks this would be a good idea, yall smoking! This country was at war for almost 20 years and is full of veterans that know how fight a war. It would be a blood bath if those guys were to decide to be the tip of the spear. The Pandemic broke a lot of people, imagine what war would do!
The shear amount of midwits in this comment section is overwhelming
For California and Texas to be on the same side some huge shit would have had to gone done
What ever side is against those that take my money from my work and give it away. Sign me up.
epic
Texas and California...pure fantasy.
I laughed so loud. Us Texans? With CALIFORNIA!?!??? what are the writers smoking out in Hollywood?? Crack?
This shouldn’t come out…
The story of when bullying and shaming is no longer enough and the pro-mandate people start shooting first and asking questions later.  Questions like, "where does food come from?"
Showing us what there going to do to us
This will happen.
Not watching this propaganda
Somehow.. I believe they're going to (as always) sandwich the undertone virtue signaling hard towards the left. "Those guys from Texas are all crazy right wingers and us leftists are always right." Blah Blah biggety Blah. Just another dystopian movie that no one is going to care about except those that will break their own arms patting themselves on the back for creating more leftist agenda they can congratulate themselves to.
I’m watching this I wanna be prepared
😅😅😅😅😅
Putin’s favorite movie
Why would anyone want to make a movie like this?   I mean…this shits always comes true.  What is it?!? You have a death wish or something??? 😕😕😒😒
Like the left vs the right would be a war 😅
this is so stupid looking it’s crazy idk where this plot is going but if there was ever a civil war it would be a clean sweep for the right, it’s overdue to be set off but once they’re set off you better stay out of the way because it won’t just be libtards vs republicans its freedom lovers coming for politicians for a hard reset
The big deal here is whether or not the film is pro-Lincoln or anti-Lincoln. This will be the determining factor of if it can be good or not.
Not gonna lie, the sound editing seems legit AF. Looks like a good film to watch in IMAX
Celebrities larping as normal people will always make me shit a new ass
USA military against his own people does not sense  it has to be civilians and military combine trying to knock down the government. And other radical civilians
Why should i run to watch this in the cinema when i can see it out my window just a few months later
Maybe this will put in scope whats happening in palestine
And of course they have to add a random teenager girl Im disappointed.
California/Texas whatever…. Everyone ought to know that the financial elites are the enemy, not your neighboring countrymen.
I mean lets be honest if any states are gonna annex its definitely gonna be Texas, California or Florida
I still find it very doubtful that Texas and California are together in this movie.
Really hope it’s just an interesting what if and not a preview to a horror reality.
These types of movies are disgusting. Those who enjoy them may rue the day…
The concept of this movie could become a reality.
This is something beautiful to put out right now in 2024 when you know the United States is half divided yeah let me watch it on TV really😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂WTF
Looks low budget and corny af.
This movie is probably to make people feel as if this is a bad thing. All governments end up becoming corrupt and need to be overthrown for the best interests of the people. It’s about time for America. We can already see the build up
Another woke flop 😂
Majority aren’t prepared for this reality.
I'll probably watch, but suspending disbelief about an alliance between TX and CA is going to really take some doing on the filmmaker's part.
Tim pool is gonna love this movie
A civil war would be a disaster and kill millions of displaced urban people who buy all their food. This movie is a psyop to gather consent for a future conflict.
More liberal propaganda 🤣
What are some other titles to this?       “Ron Swanson Wins” “Calitexas” “Secesh” “Jamie’s got a gun” “Oops all AR-15s”
Texas & California wanted become independent
I love how they are like "We need to make a movie reflecting the division of our times and the very real threat it poses to our democracy and national stability" on the one hand, but on the other hand were like "BUT...we don't want to get SO realistic that it actually scares people, so let's have Texas and California team up to clearly signal that this is a fictional story."
And once again, I've made an incredibly bad decision for my mental well-being by looking at YouTube comments. Bunch of brainwashed bootlickers in here aching to shed some blood to make them feel like a real man, or even better, a real man who's a soldier in god's holy crusade. Scary stuff.
And at the end of the film it turns out that Texas and California are supported by Russia and China, Florida by Cuba and Venezuela 😂 Boo.
The summer of 2020 will rise again!
Unless you  been to war and killed people you can never understand people think it's cool it's not every body  haunts you in your dreams for the rest of your life war should never be the answer
I’m sure this won’t be anti m@g@ propag@nda, no way.
Looks like the power is still going strong. And the idea that Texas and California would unite is comical. 😂😂😂
One day, the truth will be seen, and the employees of YouTube, Google, and other social networks. We'll be put on trial.
Propaganda
I expect government to win and I expect a Bradley scene and a ac130 scene and an a10 scene and a Naval Fleet scene and a b2 spirit scene and a veteran scene
I expect government to win and I expect a Bradley scene and a ac130 scene and an a10 scene and a Naval Fleet scene and a b2 spirit scene and a veteran scene
Predictive programing 👀
The Civil War was fought in 10,000 places, from Val Verde, New Mexico, and Tullahoma, Tennessee, to St. Albans, Vermont, and Fernandina on the Florida coast. More than 3 million Americans fought in it, and over 600,000 men, 2 percent of the population, died in it.  American homes became headquarters. American churches and schoolhouses sheltered the dying, and huge foraging armies swept across American farms, burned American towns, Americans slaughtered one another wholesale, right here in America, in their own cornfields and peach orchards, along familiar roads and by waters with old American names. In two days at Shiloh, on the banks of the Tennessee River, more American men fell than an all previous American wars combined. At Cold Harbor, some 7,000 American fell in twenty minutes. Men who had never strayed twenty miles from their own front doors now found themselves soldiers in great armies fighting epic battles hundreds of miles from home. They knew they were making history, and it was the greatest adventure of their lives. The Civil War has been given many names: the War Between the States, the War Against Northern Aggression, the Second American Revolution, the Lost Cause, the War of the Rebellion, the Brothers War, the Late Unpleasantness.   Walt Whitman called it the War of Attempted Secession. Between 1861 and 1865, Americans made war on each other and killed each other in great numbers - if only to become the kind of country that could no longer conceive of how that was possible. What began as a bitter dispute over Union and States Rights, ended as a struggle over the meaning of freedom in America.
Still hoping this movie is realistic and not just another typical action war movie. But if California and Texas are allied, I’m not so sure…
so eu que nao entendi porra nenhuma da premissa do filme?  assinado: carlos urubu
juxtaposition yay
Ya know, Texas and cali teaming up was nuts, but Texas and Florida?
"Give me liberty or give me death" Yes, death would be preferable to the hellish dystopia the government wants us to have
Why would we fight each other? I’d think we’d link arms and fight the govt that Pitts us against each other
"Sir are we REALLY going to fire a rpg at the Lincoln Memorial?"  "Sure Looks that way" "Holy shit!"
If we don’t get FJB OUT HES GONNA RUIN OUR COUNTRY AND ALL THE LIBERAL DEMOCRATS I CAN SEE THIS HAPPENING
Murica: the movie
It'd be more realistic if the Deep South decided to secede again, this time over abortion
Texas and California?. Not in a million years.
People who believe in puberty blockers for young children, full term abortions, believe that biological men can "chest Feed", illegals should vote and get free government services, and Believe we should abolish the Constitution go to THIS CAMP..... All other sane people go to THIS CAMP Odds on outcome?🤷‍♂️
A dream for Republicans, a nightmare for the world.
Agitprop for the 2024 election cycle.
Disgusting thing to release IMO. Don’t give the rednecks ideas.
Spaeny is sooooooo ❤️
Were all gonna die
Like how people are saying this is horrible and not necessary. But fail to understand how they got their freedoms. If you want to keep your freedoms, you must be willing to fight. Freedom is not free its paid with blood.
Every Joe Rogan fan weekend paintball player just wet themselves 😂
poor poor white house.
That’s what the left wants
A good start, but there’s a-lot of ‘stupid’ in this trailer…
Good to see Ron Swanson made it in politics 🤌
Garbage movie
Would anybody really care if California and Texas secede?  Obviously those in Washington would because of power and money.  Rest of the country wouldnt care.  People would just go about with their lives.
Russia’s bday wish
Nothing - no civil war - is worse than voluntary slavery.
Now remember children: the polarization in this country has reached a boiling point and could signal the end of our country. Also the other side is evil and to blame for it all.
This is gonna be one of those movies that predict our future without us knowing it. I'm guessing like in one Sci-Fi series video game. It predicted the fall of the twin towers. But we just thought it was a game
More like "America 2025 | Official Trailer HD"
I believe that this is what might be happening soon if we don’t get Biden out of office it’s coming another war in America
What this doesn't portray is that if a civil war were to occur the US has the full power of NATO on it's side, and it's unlikely the citizens and military would want to be involved in this
This will be a left wing movie you can bet. Brazilian actor Wagner Moura is a very ideologically driven , he wouldnt accept making the movie if the script had no globalist satanic discorse calling for the destruction of Trumpist America. Go watch WhatifAltHist for real civil war data and info.
I don’t like media pushing the idea of civil war out there but I hope this movie is so horrifying it dissuades the advocates for war.
What are the 2 sides in this civil war is it a race thing?
It's all fun and ganes until the wifi never comes on again and all information is just local here-say.
Remember.  War isn't about weapons and soldiers.  It's about the money needed to pay for it all.  Any civil war in this country would be strangled by financial embargo.  Can't fight without food.
This looks like it’s really gonna happen. I woke up this morning saying like all phones are having issues… Jesus says it’s starting.
Don’t give Texas any ideas 😬😅
This looks like a Right-Wing Porn film!
"I love peace. Well at least, I think we need some." - De La Soul
Ron Swanson finally made it to big government.
Let me guess, New York will be the most affected city by the battlefields.
Biden and Schumers America only Conservative States vs Liberal States!
Looks a lot like Gray State too bad they killed the military person that was making it.
Wow... Giving some idea of how it could be? Or will be?
LOL Texas allied with California…. They could have at least made this plausible…
This trailer just displays a normal day in America. I don't get what the fuss is about
Not sure if releasing a film like this in these heated times is the right move. Some people might get stupid ideas.
Have a bad feeling this is gunna stink
Let it begin
The way of liberty is secession from tyrants.
The American secessionist have being dreaming with this for years. And since Obama the current just got stronger , the amounts of media and influencers pushing this idea has   increased substantially.  Never thinking of the consequences or the reality that implies such a decision.  Even if is pacific the price a state will pay for will. E too much. Imagine to become a new third world country with a small army, devalued money with new passports and apply for access to the USA. And may more
People don't fight when they have too much to lose. Their is not a civil war coming. It's not even close.
Colored hair and nail polishes sniper lol sounds legit
Sad and scary but most chillingly this is prophetic
Projection: they’re just letting you know, your gender and skinny jeans won’t help you. Good luck defending yourself with a stick
Bitch im from TEXAS
Oh beautiful for spacious skies for amber waves of grain for purple mountain Majesties above the fruited plain America! America! God shed his grace on thee and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea  Watching this saddens me
what in the name of chinese propaganda
Only the rich arrange civil wars.
Remember when the hangover came out and everyone who saw it just went out and partied hard? Yeah hopefully this movie doesn’t have the same effect.
Hm i think the movie looks great but i wanted to ask, dos mexico war with the cartels kind of counts as a civil war?
This seems like such an interesting documentary
DONT. MESS. with ….. TEXAS !
Let's goooooo the south will rise again 😂😂😂
Eesh, brutal script, who wrote it, a ten year old?
The people who want civil war are the same people who will regret it most
Last time they released a virus, shut down the world, and left China holding the bag... Lord knows what they have planned this time... It will be big, an emp, a dirty maybe even another virus. I want to believe there is an uncorrupted branch of the government somewhere that will stop them this time.
Very sad these traitors in our government have brought the country to this point. I pray i live long enough to see justice done to these pos boomer politicians that think they own the world.
Stupid movie to divide more
Florida will win, no questions
LOL if civil war was too happen there is already a plan to stop it. First ALL infrastructure stops. That means no water, power Internet, banking, transportation of goods, medical ECT. Then they will eventually sway you back to their side with those things. Sadly it's too late we've already lost
Bring it❤🧢
coomers in hick towns will see this and go "hell yeah"
I can’t wait for this day to come. Make America great again baby
California and Texas 😂, more like Texas and Florida against California and every other liberal state .
Crazy how where literally going through another civil war rn too
This is the dumbest thing I have seen in a while. What propaganda bs
this is scary to watch
I could understand Captain America not being in this but is Spider-Man going to be in this like he was in the first one?
Looks like were getting close to this every damn day
So TX and CA beating the Biden federal government? Sounds like a plan!
Just a movie taking advantage of our current political issues for a quick buck. Piss off.
I hope this winds up becoming the American equivalent of Come And See.
all these confused democracy loving liberals crying for respect in this comment section is hilarious
Talking about things we don't need. Self-fulfilling prophecy.
que papagaiada estadunidense
Bad idea to show this movie in elections year ..
No way I will support this movie ....sad anyone would even think this is ok. When your kids die and your country is in destroyed and china and Russia smile, in delight at a fractured country, they can now take over the world stage ... no sir ...hope this fails
Such a great idea for a movie- this is the kind of stuff you zone out imagining on a long car ride.
Awfully convenient timing Hollywood.  Trying to be even more divisive during an election year. Nope.
conservatives fever dream?
Right wingers are the only ones who constantly talk about succession from the usa and Civil War. The only ones threatening violence against their fellow Americans if they don't get their way.
Any good war movie will also be a horror movie. War is terrifying.
ooh is this based on DMZ the comic book?
Why would anyone make a move about civil war, when Americans hate each other in real time?
Some men just want to see the world burn. A man can dream but in the meantime I’ll watch this!
Putting build back better to the test
I stopped watching after “the Western Alliance of Texas & California”. 😅
i feel like the only way Cali and Texass would fight together against the US federal government would be an acknowledgement that they were going their own separate ways as independent nations
The sheer irony, in the destruction of the Lincoln Memorial, in the middle of another Civil War.
Predictive Programming is theory that the government or other higher-ups are using fictional movies or books as a mass mind control tool to make the population more accepting of planned future events.
It's going to be so fun when interim president Kamala Harris refuses to give in to the election results of 2024 claiming Trump is a felon and thus ineligible; she will then try to seat the failed Democrat candidate Susan Rice (no, Biden will be long gone and won't be on the ballot) as the new president and nullify the election results.  Before you laugh, look and see this is exactly the direction they are headed.  The Democrats have very specifically set up a 3 week window AFTER their convention where the DNC can arbitrarily just pick a candidate after Biden steps down / dies.  I always laugh when I hear Democrats use the word "democracy" when they haven't allowed their own people to choose their candidate for decades (super delegates).    Anyways, get ready for blue helmeted soldiers on US soil and have a great 2025 everyone!
this has 'woke' stupidity dripping from it.
Have you ever met someone who could not keep a secret. Well, Hollywood is telling us what's happening in Ukraine and Russia through the scope of a civil war in our soil.
Make no mistake, the violence would be initiated by the federal government moving on Texas and California because they don't want to lose those gargantuan tax bases. Turns out when you have a hideously over-bloated, over-extended federal government bent on fighting multiple useless wars around the world, they kinda don't like losing the cattle they feed the glutenous system with.
Guess they forgot about the states that would back Texas 110%, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida to name just a few. 😎
This film is to scare everyone into voting. This is trash!! Just to make people panic!!
If you really want to see what will happen you really need to watch season 1 of The Handmaid's Tale  I swear whoever wrote that must have had a vision of the future
This movie is doing the opposite of it's message ang getting me amped for Civil War 3!!
All the good Californians are already in Texas
Unfortunately, this mighy not be too far off. Lets hope it does not happen.
To the mentally insane gleefully war drumming  in the comments thread....  Do you want to watch the mangled bodies of friends and family get buried before you, possibly without a funeral? Are you willing to kill your own friends and family if they don't choose the same side as you? Your houses most likely destroyed, crops burned? Do you really think even the biggest gun in your safe you bought at Cabela's will take down multiple armored vehicles meant to mow down 1000's? Think about all those horrible war stories in history about torture, rape, famine, mass graves. Is that really what kind of enviroment you want to put people you hold closest in?  You're so afraid of the thought of bringing  your children to anything that could be considered "Woke" but are willing to put them in a deadly and traumatizing environment that could be far worse than what the Palestenian youth are facing right now? Thought we were giving our future generations hope, not a 1000yd stares and closed caskets.  There are only two kinds of monsters that would want a war in their own backyard... Sadistic fools and domestic terrorists.  I don't care what so-called side you and your "good ole boys" are choosing in your little demented fantasy. If you're begging for this to happen here, you're already on the bad side of future history books.  I will not reply to comments, I stand my ground on what I say.
God I pray that this movie doesn’t inspire people to do things.
Looks like a Leftist's wet dream
Meanwhile alabama - 😮 got another reason to_______
I wish all the best to both sides of conflict.
Is this a documentary?
Omg did you just make a right wing propaganda movie...ill never call it a film when it preys on the fears of the stupid
Just for entertaining purposes,Cali you dnt stand a chance...there's more guns here in Brazoria county Texas( maybe 120000 than l.a. county San Francisco and San Diego alone😂
This so dumb yall.
Im siding with whoever is gonna freakin pay me a living wage KEEP THAT SHIT IN MIND
Thas *was* the Lincoln Memorial being destroyed by artillery fire, wasn't it? Absolutely horrifying imagery.
what is pablo escobar doing there? @ 0:23
Damn, this looks like a damn good movie!!! With all the crazy shit going on today, this is quite possibly a reality for the not so distant future!
This will suck big time.
The way things are going right now that's looking like a reality. Sad.
the far-right and the far-left are teaming up to fight for their independence from the normies
I'll be watching this from Italy.  Good luck.
Trash.
I’m surprised no one has made a Second American Civil War film taking place in the contemporary age, but it couldn’t have happened a much better time than now with all the current strife and animosity in America between progressives and conservatives, Democrats and Republicans, left-wing and right-wing. 2024 is the perfect year for the film to release.
Just remember they came out with movies about a virus and later Covid hit. This is scary.
“Texas and California fighting together is so unreal” More unreal than the Habsburgs and Ottomans fighting on the same side in WW1?
Why make this a movie when people can just turn on the television? Do yall love money that damn much? Y’all are children
Yall dont want this
Can we not have a movie that predicts the future like Idiotcracy
They’re literally predictive programming yall cuz they literally trying everything to get rid of trump n I’ll die before I see another term of Biden or leftists for that matter
blame canada
This looks like the dumbest movie ever no way I’m wasting my money on it. Not surprised it’s coming out before the election. Media wants hate and division.
Aristocrats in smoke-filled rooms tend to enjoy when the dirty peasants entertain them. People also do what they see on TV in America. Hence, one must wonder why this is the type of propaganda being produced by Hollywood instead of things encouraging Americans to bridge their political divides and unite behind common goals. Very strange.
30+ Trillion in National Debt. That's not a bank statement, that's a ticking time bomb. They expect us to pay back what they borrowed and what we never agreed to or saw a dime from. This isn't a movie as much as it is a warning.
It won’t be that elaborate……and TX won’t ever “team up” with CA.
This is an propaganda film, I refuse to believe anything else. Love you fellow Americans🇺🇸❤️
Not the movie we needed tbh should've just made it an invasion from another country. with that said im still gonna watch and enjoy it lol
"You feel it? It's called war" -Grady Travis
Oh no! They blew up joe bidens house 😎😎😎😎😎
Let's hope that fiction never becomes reality.
Think a lot of people are looking forward to it.   Not the movie, the actual thing😂😂
Fear monger
This is what Trumpers want Take notes normal people!
Please give me a like, I want to show to Angelo B. how pathetic it is to ask for likes with pictures of rice!
The film that China will never dare to produce
It long overdue for this incompetent government to be replaced!!
This is exactly what the American government wants, and is hoping for. They are the $1 enemy of the American people.
I hope the union win this time.😅
Why is the revolution happening? The reason behind that could make or break the film.
They're prepping us for what will actually happen remember the movie contagion about a virus outbreak that started in China from a lab experiment and what happened a few years later 🤔 the pandemic coincidence...i think not. The civil war is here and the globallist already have sleeper cells in America as refugess and immigrants from the same countries America was at war with..😐. Exactly... Texas is the first link... Do the math folks. This aint no movie its a pop quiz
Isn’t texas a trump state?  How is the bluest state in the world, California is going to ally with them?
You don’t want this.
All of the things that generally bring about war and civil war historically have been and are being implemented by this current administration in America.
BIG FAN OF YOUR PROD. COMPANY / BEST  MOVIES OF THE CENTURY PERIOD ! / WELL DESERVED AWARDS COMING YOUR WAY !!!!!! KEEP UP THE ACTION THIS IS WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT !!
Wow what timing😮
Its crazy how real this could be soon.
This trailer reminds me of a movie that we had to watch in school when I was 9 years old called THE DAY AFTER. It was also played in the USSR. It was not for entertainment it was to warn the people of what could be coming at any time. Politicians start wars we fight them.
US Civil War starring Pablo Escobar.
Dam i woke up with this song in my head, real talk. Then i saw this preview.. lo 🔥🔥 dam a🌍 a rude awakening... Indeed....
Suddenly..city dwelling libs dont like war...because its NOT Ukraine.  Payback sucks
Like Texas would team up with Liberal California. I know this is fiction but this action and explosion are a badass.
Coming soon in real life.
Psychological warfare
My hope for this movie is that it doesn't make any real life political parties, political movements, or real leaders the villains.  Just keep it generic like in the Purge movies.  Where the government is the villain and the people are the freedom fighters.  The government doesn't have to be defined as right wing or left wing.  Just as an oppressive one and leave it at that so everyone can enjoy the movie.
China would be happy to fund this
Its to the point where this is almost becoming necessary and what our Founders warned us about, and why they gave us the tools to take action against tyranny.
Soon to be a reality near you! F.A.& F.O.
The mainstream media wants to this sooooooo bad. Because Trump is coming back
Once I saw who acts in it... I knew it was bs propaganda. Nice try though....
Can’t believe this movie is staring Pablo Escobar ❤️❤️❤️❤️ 0:47
the scary part is that this can happen this year
Wait, where's that super rich Metal man & Hunky American Hero guy??
I hope this doesn't become a documentary
Salaar 2
Stop talking things into existence smdh😢
Hey LOOK!! A WARNING from the democrats! 🤔😳🙄
There is just something about the whistling in the background
Lol conservatives are some weird ass people.
No, I imagine no such alliance of CA and TX, at the least and not until they have had their own civil wars.
This and Dune 2, I cannot wait!
No lie this like our red dawn!!!!!!!!!
Biden supporters if he doesn't win in 2024 will riot and start a war.
The craziest thing that the extremes in our country don’t understand is that this is exactly what our enemies want. The seeds of this were planted by the soviets in the 50s.
Looks terrible
Predictive programming will expose this on my channel 😮
For everyone saying Texas and California being allied is unrealistic , iv heard a theory on this movie that clears it up. They aren’t allied in the typical sense, but rather both states succeed to do their own thing, and agreed not to interfere with each other anymore .
Just Hollywood churning out more garbage....
It would never happen, if it did the military would put it down in a day.
What a lot of people seem to want nowadays… certainly the enemies of the US.
California is t going to do anything but listen
This whole concept is sick. America will fall from within. Our enemies love the idea of civil war. I pray for this nation 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Fantasy and entertainment are nice and all, but just so we're on the same page...there will be no civil war. There WILL be a Second American Revolution and Renaissance. 🙏🇺🇲🌎🕊️
Why make this now?
Brandon just let of the f15s on the citizens
If nothing else, I hope it gives some folks a lesson in being careful what you ask for. There are way too many people frivolously throwing the words "Civil War" around as of late. If your desire if for your children and grand children to witness first hand the brutality of human beings, then I guess that you can wish for it.
So, this is whatll happen if Trump loses
Peace is something we all must to spread.
Texas and California?,LMFAO, Would never happen in the real world, who makes this shit up?, at least get it right it’s gonna be conservative free states against liberal leftist democrat controlled states.😂 This is going to be a flop!
Looking at the state of affairs this last 30 years or so makes me think that our first civil war didn’t actually end it’s just been a 150 year plus ceasefire.
People of Florida what???
As a native Texan, this is a complete fiction. Texas will never secede. 😂😂😂
proof they want this
Could they have made that whistling a bit more annoying?
There will be no black vs. white. No Republican or Democrat. Better believe I’m with We The People. If the military somehow is against that, let’s get it on. Nothing will infringe on my rights.
As an american im 100000% fine if lower comifornia is gone
This is a complicated war many can't keep up with who on what side cuz of all the propaganda with it seems but it's happening people are just blind especially those supporting Texas keeping people from crossing but all eyes on Texas and you'll miss the show and the takeover will proceed you won't even know it because your looking in the wrong direction
Imagine alliance between felons/criminals/prisoners people who tired of being beat up by cops that think there better and immigrants VS the United States police force/lower level courts while leaving the us government n politicals/citizens out of it as much as possible
Dumb.  This movie is a hard pass.
The left would be smoked by the right in a matter of days. I bet this clown film is going to have the journalists as the “good guys”. Now that’s funny! 😂
Brothers and sisters, don't let these movies cloud your minds with their fear propaganda. We are more UNITED than ever before. ✊️✊🏻✊🏽✊🏿✊🏾✊🏻✊️✊🏿
If you’re scared, say you’re scared, else pick a side and deal with it.
Farcry 5
Predictive programming at its finest…..
We’re not even smart enough to not vote for Donald “Jim Jones” Trump. We probably couldn’t even wage a competent second civil war.
This isn't a movie sounds like a propaganda piece congratulations A24 you made your first crappy film.
What would you do if your son was at home crying all alone on the bedroom floor cause he's hungry?
THE ELECTION WAS STOLEN !!!! OOOWHEEEE !! MURICA 😂
As a combat veteran, if I learned anything, it's always be prepared.
Texas and California joining forces, yeah thats a good reason for Civil War 2
I’m no expert, but the most likely scenario to actually happen is martial law, where the Federal government is suspended until a proper census of citizens (not residents) is conducted, electoral college delegates adjusted to the current census results and a new election conducted with a new government where party affiliations are outlawed and each person running for office runs as an independent on their own merit and ideas and not just a party agenda.
The current federal government is pushing the US citizens in this direction.
i can see cali fighting texas and florida
and Godzilla is gonna come out of the Sea to unite us all
Bring on the psycho comments.  Come on , people.  Talk about how you want this because you’re soft, spoiled life is just SO UNFAIR.
This movie looks like it’s gonna suck
Well if we had a civil war I'm glad I'm on the side against the government.  Shouldn't be bad fighting the most depleted, woke, military full of lady boys like Sir Admiral Rachel Levine. Lol  Bullshit that Hollywood (who we know is run by the government) is putting out this bullshit propaganda, while calling white people the biggest threat to America. Meanwhile, migrants are beating cops in NY.
coming to a state near you
"The Souths gonna go it again." Charlie Daniels
I see another civil war in America’s future. It will be red vs blue. I just pray I’m long gone before it gets that bad.
Its the cartel/china taking over the west
Liberal movies......hahahahahaha
Coming soon to a country near you!
Predictive programming 😂. Goodluck
Looks interesting  I’m looking forward to it
WOW THEY MAKE A MOVIE CALLED CIVIL WAR WHEN OUR COUNTRY IS LITERALLY AT WAR ALL IN PLAIN SIGHT SMH 🤦‍♂️
Most of the people saying they want a civil war in this country have never experienced war. Y’all talk a big until you see someone die in front of you. War will be terrible for this country right now. Good concept for a movie though.
If we went down hill so far enough as for the nation to crash into a civil war. This country would be so far more devided than this. Poltical, Culteral, religouse, as not to mention any number of Militant malitias would take controll of what they could.
Possibly the gayest thing I've seen yet.
USA is  facing with their sins  what they done in world
It never happens. It cannot.
I have lived through your various enemies in cinema history, never expecting it to end up being yourselves with a strong chance of reality mimicking art.
And the Elite is super happy following their 2030 agenda. A civil war creates division and thus the great kings will triumph by abolishing the human rights of freedom.
So its cali and Texas vs America? Not really understanding this, it looked like military vs military...
Lame bad flik.
More like America vs. Massachusetts California and NY + urban shitholes
Wait... Direct Energy Weapons are no longer a conspiracy theory?
Predictive programming much... it's getting way too obvious 🤡
THE DIVISION the movie???? 🤣
Fictitiously speaking, if it came down to choosing sides, the America 1st supporters (troops, cops, blue collar workers, gun owners etc) would slaughter the opposition!
Something tells me this movie's gonna hit pretty hard. Given the times we're in right now but california and texas in an alliance , I don't know about that
Alliance between Texas and California I don't buy it.
Is that pablo escobar?
Texas and California together 🤣🤦‍♂️??? That would never ever happen in a million years. Dumb very very dumb!!!
Buffalo soldier, dreadlocked rasta
Why anyone wants to see a movie about a ridiculous war between Americans is morally bankrupted.  The day the United States loses control of the checks and balances and the separation of powers by the 3 branches of government, is the day the Earth as a planet is in true peril.  This movie seems like a brainwash attempt.  What happened to the movies about the world coming together to fight evil aliens from outter space, or destying dangerous asteroids.  Why humans like to butcher each other over land and power is beyond my comprehension.
When Biden kicks off CW2..the world will tremble at the level of violence that turning govt troops on the citizens will bring
"War is when the government tells you who the bad guy is. Revolution is when you decide that for yourself." ~ Benjamin Franklin
Going to be a stupid ass movie lol
Why the hell would they put out a movie like that right now?!! I don’t think people understand how unstable this country really is right now…. 😢
Civil war.. factions fighting each other and those watching it all go down.
Thinking the government would win is laughable
"Masculine republics give way to feminine democracies, and feminine democracies give way to tyranny." - Aristotle.
Gee I wonder who the bad guys are
The country is already in a civil war it just hasn't turned kinetic yet.
Hoping everyone chooses to make things great again this year! 🇺🇲
> Jewish distribution  > Jewish producers > Whites depicted as Nazi Militia extremists  > Shaniqua CO directing her troops to blow up the Lincoln Monument > Trans sniper with painted nails  predictable and tiresome...
Texas and Northern California are the only real states.
More predictive programming!
Those idiots on jan 6th thought they was in a civil war 😂
What I'm most curious about is; In this situation, what will China, Russia, Iran and North Korea be doing?
What a waste of money
One side is guns for hire and the other side patriots.
This is exactly what the Democratic party is trying to start in our country.
Republicans & Democrats.. 2 extreme versions of society.. One messes up, the other fixes & vice versa..  Hate.. But not so much Love.. But don't go blind Protect.. But stop after a point.. Correct.. But not all the time Over-possessive.. It's justtoo much  Open your eyes coz moderation & balance is the key to a healthy society.. America is a wonderful country, stop hating it & appreciate the privileges.   Cheers to the good life..
If this didn't happen in Africa or Asia it never going to happen in the USA. Time has changed...keep dreaming civil war cowboys
If civil war ever happens, it’ll probably be bigger than a lot of wars considering how armed a regular citizen is on top of the military.
Based on true story coming near you in the future The Divided States of America
This im sure politxally will be very bias
This is a great American action movie
Cant wait to watch it at the cinema!!!
Intense. Looking forward to it :)
Tim Pool: The Movie Seriously the the elite a-holes sure think we'll be fighting each other. Wonder if they'd be pushing this -ish if they knew, A) For the most part we're not falling for it anymore, and B) We're ready to focus our previously misplaced aggression unto them, the wholly deserving puppeteers?  ....... and just like that I'm on a watch list, which no doubt I was already on. Double secret probation for me I suppose.
Yawn
Rich mans war, poor mans fight
Civil war only really worked because of how divided people were by location. Quite literally the North and South. The country is not divided in that sense and people dont have as much attachment to the state they live in unless they were born there.
This is the wet dream of the extreme left and extreme right.
These rich democrats and republicans are using the oldest tactic known to man “divide and conquer “ but racist can’t see that tunnel vision
Predictive programming at it's finest.
Does anyone think its weird that this is probably the only trailer that does not have a film description? Like, all I got of this is theres a Western Forces and a Florida Aliance. Even the articals don't describe it either. Like seriously though, what is this film about overall, and what are thr people fighting for in the movie? Someone help.
Americans today are and never will be ready for a civil war. They'd off themselves when the power grid goes out due to destruction. Yall would be losing your minds knowing at any moment someone can bust in your stuff and take it if they have enough power behind them and you can't call no help.... No police.... No army.... Just you and your fellow neighbors and states who more likely are split into two factions each, so the moment YA try to plan with said neighbors and states you're gonna have problems within those areas. So it wouldn't be a civil war. It would turn into sweet anarchy. Every creature for itself. Nothing would be able to return back to normal. Unless we'd have a huge genocide and build on the dead. Yall aren't ready for war. Even the ones homeless got it better than the ones back then....yall have everything you want.... Now yall just bored and wanna kill or each other for low key sport. Just a huge "hood".
Clearly Ron Swanson got his wish, Leslie Knope must be furious
We need this but we really don't want this, but be ready for this,!!!!
The fact that they didn’t use the song by Guns n Roses with the same title baffles me
The trailer seems it like it wants us to think that the Washington D.C. coup/battle scenes happen at the end of the movie, but I wonder if those scenes happen sooner. Like I’m wondering if Nick Offerman’s president was planted by this coup, rather than ousted by it.
Uh.
This is a tribute to the first civil war am I right
Cool Marvel movie!
"Easy to be a soldier when there ain't no war." There are citizens of this nation that are standing by waiting. Just because you served and saw combat, doesn't mean you don't have brothers back home that would love to train & exercise with you. We're not the enemy. We are Americans! You have families here like i have families here.
This looks bad
How cool would it be if a real Civil War breaks out the same day as "Civil War" hits theaters?
TEXAS-CALIFORNIA. Many in here make fun of  it as sci-fi or script bs. How about...nope? Think about it: TEXAS = OIL CALIFORNIA = (Military)-Entertainment Complex (Hollywood Complex) Where the money is gathered...
I’m a born and raised Texan California can kick rocks
Meh,
Why watch this in theaters when I can watch it live in real life
It makes sense now. The "good food" states are seceding.
looks awful
Real change can only be paid for by blood
The side that has Russia/China support will win by a landslide
It would break my heart if something like this happened in our world
I don’t like this.
this looks terrible
Eh
This looks stupid 😂
This should be series, not a movie
Propaganda.
We all need a right and wrong for some reason it’s hard to see the middle. Goddamn this is scary
IF YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT THEY ARE PLANNING, JUST LOOK AT THEIR MOVIES
Florida Alliance= Rhodesia 2.0
Lol  What jackass thought Texas and California would join forces 😂...........( Hollywood).  This movie would draw in a crowd just to watch the stupidity. I am a Texan and I'm partially offended 😂😂
As long as russia and china are intact nations US should never fall.
"I have been to pluto cause I said so" ~Some quote by some guy cause everyone thinks quotes matter rn
This is a thing because this is our future. All billionaires are building bunkers right now to survive. The war is going to happen here amongst other places. We’re going to be booked and we’re going to have to fight for our lives…. Also this clip excites me and I’m going to go watch this movie. But also prepare so that I can loot you to keep my tribe thriving. Good luck…
Hollywood!!! You're a fuckin  joke!! 👎👎
I’m starting to believe the federal government wants this
Pure fiction 😂🤣
Sorry, I demand a re-write. Texas would NEVER form an alliance with California. You're on your own Cali!
Louisiana wouldn't stand much a chance without Mexico
Sounds fun
Why y’all would want to continue paying taxes to a government who continually shows they don’t give af about you? They have billions upon billions for wars we have nothing to do with MEANWHILE the American people can’t even afford the cost of living. Many are becoming homeless yet the migrants are getting money and free housing and Israel gets free healthcare on our dime
This is a psyop
Imagine
This looks like some next level cringe
This is a story that could actually occur in America this year.  from JPN
A24 never misses!
Cada vez que um BR curtir meu comentário, virei aqui olhar o Wagner Moura em ação novamente!
Is this a civil war of East vs West of America, if so, that's like quality vs. quantity
Two trailers in and this still looks bad
What the hell do we have to fight about?
Cascadia, remember what you are fighting for
I can’t wait for this one,it looks good!!!! 😁😁😁😁
I will watch because of wagner moura, great actor
💪💪💪💪🤷‍♂️
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Complete fantasy nonsense. UN vehicles and journos are the first to go.
Everyone involved with this movie should be ashamed of themselves. I am disgusted that they are trying to profit off of the division we have in our country right now, this is the last thing we need. I hope this movie bombs at the box office! Don't watch this movie!
What’s scary is we are not that far away from this happening in real life
Nice! 🔫
I appreciate how they made a point to put Texas and California in an alliance together because it shows that this movie isn’t going to pick sides with either political party.
Director born in 🥁🥁🥁🥁🥁🥁🥁🥁🥁🥁 England
Alex Garland has had a couple of stinkers lately, but I do like Wagner Moura.  I'll watch it, but it has to be a comedy if they think Texas would ever align with California. 🤣
Can Whites just have New England, please?  Ya'll can have the rest.
this is so fucking stupid, to have texas and california being an alliance. At least make this somewhat believable. Trash.
I’am seeing a lot of serious comments here. So here’s my comment. I hope my home state kicks ass.
Wagner Moura is one of my favorite actors, he nails everything he does. Can't wait to watch it!!!!
Careful now. This is what they want. They're programming through Hollywood.
AIPAC WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN
I hate seeing this shit. Ugh.
Propaganda
ron wtf
Technically Texas has the right to succeed if it wanted to it wouldn't be illegal for us to do it.
This is an event OUR enemies would love to see, that we'd all do well to avoid. "A republic, if you can keep it."
The filmmakers of this movie have really hit the nail on this one. Nobody in the comments saying shit about the quality of the trailer. And the immersion is causing people to post anti war and peace quotes. Fuckin wow awesome. But it's a movie and nothing more. It looks amazing though.
Lol the feds and california all lose.
Where are the zombies?  Civil War without zombies is ridiculous!
People who say the USA was allied with Russia in WW2 against Germany don’t get it. We called Russia communist and Germany fascist, except they had essentially the type of government and politics. We were allies because Germany was stronger by far than Russia and calling them something different meant we could later condemn Russia after Germany was dispatched.
If you fly these flags 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍⚧️🇵🇸🇨🇳 and not these 🇺🇲🇮🇱 YOU ARE THE ENEMY.
True science fiction is Ron Swanson working for the government
Trump supporters are creaming themselves rn
Pay attention 👀☠️🤮
americans vs those that don't know which bathroom to use
Texas would not join in an alliance with California.  At best, Texas would be in an alliance with Arizona, Okkahoma, Nebraska, Louisiana, Mississippi, and a few other states that might be unexpected.  This creates two things:  1). A buffer zone for Texas 2) Texas gets to deploy in the neighboring states to crawl expansion into other atates hostile to the Texas secessionist idea.
anyone peep the sniper twat with the pink nails
The souths wet dream
taking the concept of maga betraying america resulting in a civil war is a really good movie premise
Individualism vs. Imperialism.   That’s an America I’d hate.  I hate both sides, yet watching a country go civil war against them, especially IF IT’S my country, a 1st world superpower. And especially if it occurs during an era where a world war could happen. Let alone  during a Great Depression, and Industrial revolution….
"Florida Alliance" and they wear Hawaiian shirts?
It’s not that people want a Civil War, it’s that they know it’s inevitable.
This looks like the highest budget A24 film yet  Edit: oh it actually is! At $75 million, still pretty cheap compared to a standard action movie.
I feel like this is a repackaged Purge film
Sign me up
As a Californian stationed in Texas, I’m curious how this movie will pan out 😂
The fact that this video has 5 million views after just one day is a good barometer of how people are thinking. We all have the sense that something big is about to happen. You can feel it in the air.
Anyone wishing for an actual modern civil war is an enemy to the USA and a traitor to his people
John F. Kennedy famously said, "Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." If we have another civil war, it will be because of our government’s failure to do anything meaningful for the average person. Our federal government only unifies when it comes to giving money to Ukraine and Israel. Or some other industrial military farce.
What a Globalist wet dream, perverts. Phase 1 divide, phase 2 conquer, phase 3 absolute control.
This trailer looks good, but I also think this film could have worked as a comedy. Something like Idiocracy meets Dr. Strangelove.
Humanity being failures for the infinitieth time in existence?:0
An alliance between Texas and the red parts of California is not that farfetched. There are huge swaths of rural California that are super right wing. The lib areas geographically are a rather tiny coastal strip.
🤞🏻
So they’re really doubling down on this psyop, huh
NO ONE really wants Civil War;  sadly the American People, the American Patriots are being forced into that particular corner and the most dangerous thing is an American Citizen,  an American Patriot that's been forced into a corner!  Rogue government created the possibility of this fictional story becoming all to real.  This current rogue and criminal administration of Joe Biden is potentially the beginning of the end and is definitely a clear sign for a reset.  Government has become corrupt, lawless, rampant and anti American.  Time is soon coming that American will have to take up arms and fight for their freedoms on home soil or become slaves to a Fascist Rogue government state which this current rogue administration has carried forward from the past two Socialist Democrat administrations.
Awesomeness yeeeeeees yeeeeeeaaaahhhh yeeeeeees!!  ✌️😎✌️
I'm a native Texan born and raised and there is no way Texas would team up with California!!! I can see Texas fight would California because California too woke and are leftist liberal crazys.!
Looks good though😮
Well when they very likely steal it from Trump again this November (including after the Democrats finish counting additional votes 20 days later like in 2020) we'll all be headed towards this just a matter of time.
All the secessionist basement dwellers are creaming their pants right now.
just encouraging it at this point huh.  and during another ultra divisive election year.  fantastic!
So in this movie, Texas and California are allies...but Hawaii apparently doesn't secede? And how is it that Texas and California are allies, but California isn't allied with a secessionist Washington State and Oregon (Cascadia)? That makes no sense.
Not great when modern warfare games looks better than your trailer.
I’ll be on Trump side
California and Texas? Not a chance.
Oh boy new predictive programming Psyop just dropped
2024 is gonna be lit look what the elits have in store for us.
The American government always orders a film to be made when there is a problem, it's the way to show the shit that will happen if that happens
End wokeness NOW!!!
The only true fiction about this is Texas and California joining an alliance.
I'm so confused.
Even if I owned guns, which I don’t thanks to a boating accident I still wouldn’t call for a civil war on anyone.
I really hope Texas doesn’t secede from the US before the Total Solar Eclipse of 2024 in April. It would mess up my flight tickets that I already paid back in Jan 2024.
So close to reality is some ways
August 24 ok
Man, this looks like hot garbage. I'm very glad I hardly bother watching movies at the big screen nowadays.
Sadly this is exactly what needs to happen.
First it Red Dawn Then Left Behind NOW A24 stop scaring people of your foolishness cause their protecting United States Enough!There NO Alliance between Liberal California and Patriot Texas two different opinions.
Nobody wants Civil War,  however many are willing to fight for their freedom.
..its coming..  *Believe*  every Bit of it !
It’s almost like they’re programming us for what’s to come. Liek the movie contagion came true. Many other examples too. We’re not gonna make it to 2030
I enjoy Freedom, and living in reality.... So put me on the red team?
Hopefully they make something somewhat realistic, instead of just democrats good republican racist and bad
"It's the end of the world as we know it." And I feel fine!
Dumb
Dear lord this is shameless fearmongering and profiteering off the growing tensions in America.   Christ.
😂 they’re getting us ready for the real thing. Mock my words
It will be more of a Revolution .................
Ron Swanson's *Dream* right here.
No shit, the first flop from A24...
It's like I'm seeing the future
This comment section is gonna be a cesspool. Unrelated The two places actually have a lot in common but enough major diffenrce for the alliance to qualify as true sci-fi
this is from a leftist point of view
Anyone who thinks this is a joke or fantasy will be horribly surprised if it actually happens.
Civil war:.....the proud boys wet dream....
Oh snap!😮
Hopefully this movie will scare those that are calling for a civil war both right and left, into shutting up Do you *really* wanna see your home city utterly annihilated? I don't
That soldier had nail polish, pink and blue(or purple not sure). Pretty I’ll try that
They are trying to braonwash us to make us fight against one another
this is the corniest garbage i've seen in a long long time
I’m only watching this if after every national anthem is sung the BLACK national anthem is sung
For people who are saying that this is a sign of what’s to come you know that that means that the great experiment failed. America is a failure. Democracy is a failure. Our society is a failure because we couldn’t get things worked out without violence. USA USA!
this is the worst thing i’ve ever seen—when does it come out?
This would be music to Putin's, Xi's, and Kim's ears if it came to pass.  All dictatorships.
Looks interesting, I'll be watching!
What kind of Amairican are you ?
California is Red the Major cities are Blue
The only less than zero chance I could see of Texas and California allying is that they both agree to help each other fight for their independence, only to agree to let each other do what they want in their own state after. This could include initiating a war of expansion, letting the best fighter win, or letting them choose to rest on their laurels.
Folks got guns and want to use them so bad. So they think.😉
I’ve seen a couple low budget second civil war films and they all came across as tasteless.
America already had 2 civil wars. The original and the 92 LA riots war! And if you don’t know about the 92 riots. Then look it up that was a mini civil war that just didn’t spread past CA
Alex Garland is boss.  The Beach, Ex Machina every time I watch his movie I end up thinking, ”Wow, that's really how that could happen."
We are never prepared for so many to die. So you understand? No one is. We expect some chosen few. We are prepared to lose some of us, but never all of us. But that is the trap. You can hold nothing back when you attack. You must commit yourself totally. And yet, if they all die, a man must ask himself, will it have been worth it? - Michael Shaara
Country would learn pretty quickly there are no blue states. Only red states with blue cities where everyone is disarmed except criminals that don’t care about anything anyway.
All the liberals getting made at these trailers cause they know they will be the enemy in the movie lmao.
This is literally NOT what this country needs right now.
"For purple mountain majesties  above the fruted plain!!! America!!! America!!! God shed his grace on thee!!!! and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea!!!!!"
pass
freakn democrats😂😂😂😂
When did we start making future documentaries 😂
You can tell its a British director by the way that California and Texas are allies in this...
“Texas AND Cali working together?”😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂  Yeah….. movie ruined already with unrealistic plot. Lol.    Crazy to think that this will prolly end up happening for real in the next 20-30 years if things don’t change DRASTICALLY
feels a little like red dawn  and A24 always makes amazing movies
This is what the woke mob wants. But we will always be UNITED❤️
this could easily happen if drumpf is allowed to become president again
What does an RPG do? I have no idea. - the cgi guy probably
Well.. start picking teams.
Dumb.. I love good BBQ, Good Mexican food, Pretty girls in jeans and boots, pretty girls in yoga pants, .. I love the U.S.A!  F this film😂
Any Studio putting out a modern American civil war movie with the country as divided as it is and during an election year is truly a special kind of P.O.S. 🖕 True scumbags!
I hope the president eats bacon and eggs
Predictive programming and the Hegelian dialectic …
Looks dumb
The ELITES are desperate 😂
Trump is trying to put is in a civil war. Vote Blue
God forbid
Imagine the woke spin on this piece of s*** propaganda film
Well Biden already brought his troops my bad I mean migrants
People are so horny for a civil war
I'll fight for the side that doesn't get Florida😅
What’s the whistle?
No more wars for greedy old men in power. They sit back and send our children to die. The time for war is over. Peace and prosperity, technology to help not destroy. Let’s STOP FIGHTING and start THINKING 🤔.
The real civil war is between yt ppl versus all non white ppl.
Ok. I'm in. Been awhile since a trailer got me excited and didn't spoil anything
I know EVERYONE and their Dog would love to point out the utter hilarity between an Alliance between California and Texas, but we need to consider one single variable that may bring them together. A mutual hatred of the violation of the Constitution. If a sitting President ignored the Constitution in order to retain power longer than they are allowed, that might be enough for those two States to put aside ideological differences in order to restore the Union.
Obviously would never advocate for a civil war, but Texas would 100% win if we had to.
Team Iron Man
I’ve got a nice groll Fixer, secret service armor and TONS of Radaways tucked away.. LETS GOOOOO!
The last year has made me feel like movies are really making a big return if that makes sense. Absolutely excited for this
How about red staters and blue staters come together and realize that we have more in common with each other than we do with the elites?  Then we could ride them out on a rail.  Revolution is the better choice.
Hollywood(cia) is trying to scare you into silence and compliance.
Except the Texas/California alliance this well could be a documentary in the future and not a feature film.
Both A24 founders are jewish ain't that coinky dink? One even held a job in israel.
Nah.
What sense does it make to produce a movie about  "civil war" in U.S. and only have Whyte ppl staring in it?  Whytes only going to be targeting each other?  I am confused!
cant wait for the brawls at the movie theaters its gonna get spicy!
People don’t care any more we’ve taxed an taken advantage of a class of people for so long that they are ready to say fk it and blow stuff up… then we will turn around and blame them… how about we stop fling over our middle class before this happens….
The part of an actual civil war breaking out that seems glossed over, especially in these comments, is how loyal will soldiers, pilots, and sailors be to the government that orders a missile strike on an American suburb? There may be a very small pocket of the military that is heartlessly loyal to the government but the US military would likely defect en masse very quickly. It’s like in the zombie genre, why does the military get so overrun so fast? Well, Pvt. John Doe would rather go protect his family than his paycheck superiors.   Second detail: when the US goes into civil war the world is over.
Closer to "faction" than fiction 😂
Ron Swanson is the president 👍
Satan loves chaos ! I wil not give any energy to this evil! People wake up do you realize what this is? Programing. All power to Love and , peace!
The bad guys are gonna be conservatives, the main characters are gonna be gay. Hollywood
Life is hard enough without willful destruction. Its crazy that people actually want this sh*t to happen
This just looks like shit.
Incredible trailer!
Y’all know this might go over y’all head but there’s a message being put out across America in the movies tv shows and all type of media and films. War is coming to America repent and believe the Gospel of Christ
What a bullshit propaganda movie just from the title and implication...
Texas and California being allied is not what I expected lol.
I guess highlighter green would be a great camouflage.
I wonder how all of those millions of illegal immigrants would play a role in this war? Estimated 12- 30 million of mostly military aged men. And the US is paying them money, housing them, and giving them a smart phone 🤔
Civil war will be Florida and Texas up against California and New York.
GET IN THE CAR! GET! IN! THE! CAR!
awful trailer
If that ever happens I’m taking my ass to Texas 😅😂😂
Can I just say—what a coincidence that this is coming out during an election cycle. I WONDER if the president that is in charge is going to be some WEAK allegory Donald Trump. If he is some overreaching dictator (more like Biden) but made to think that this could happen with Trump. Hollywood BELONGS to the democrats.
Texas and California would not be on the same side lol
I WILL FOLLOW KING JIMMY G 💪👑
WOLVERINES!
Whoever THEY is to you,  they want this war badly, it's almost comical how desperate they becoming. Thier favorite propaganda,  Movies haha.
All this could be avoided if you all would elect intelligent and compitent leaders.
It all depends on how realistic the story is and how good the writing is to whether this is plausible or not. I think that's where it might fail.
Realizing now that a Civil War today would be terrifying because our weapons are so much more advanced.
This is a dumb concept. I'm surprised they were able to get a production team for this trash.
wears a ghillie suit but has BRIGHT yellow/green hair 🤣
People actually standing up to there government is something i wish for. Instead of all of us fighting we need to be fighting the rich and powerful those who hold the pen.
Predictive Programming at its finest.
More ridiculous & divisive fear-p*rn bs....  From the people that (greatly helped/help to) divide us in the first place?? That being C.I.A. run Hollywood and the military industrial complex.....  Awesome. 😂👍🏻
Nobody would attack the big cities.  They would be sieged and starved out
If you've visited Texas or Florida, you know that's the last glimmer left of what America used to be.  It was a good 200 years, now the US govt has decided to dilute the population with 'migrants' and to waste billions on a pointless war.  This is not fiction, it's a preview.
The sequel will be about the rest of the planet healing after the end of the US hegemony.
There's no way Texas and California would ever team up!
I have a theory, not that they’re making it seem like Who is the good or bad guys because this is a Civil War, but I’m honestly thinking that our corrupt government (the US) are the bad ones and the science fiction team of Texas and California are trying to overthrow the government and start a whole new thing which I guess could be good or bad but I have high hopes for this movie.
will be woke lol
I would love to see the number of downvotes on this.
Come one Americans, do something, Ukraine got boring, we need new entertainment content
Jeez they're really hitting Trump from every conceivable angle.  What a joke.
I hope this movie fails.. So dumb
....trump24...
Keep this only in theaters, please and thank you.
Need That II American Revolution, NOT A Civil War
Next Level Fear Mongering!
If CA & TX teamed up thats roughly 1/7 population & 27% of national GDP. Politically might be polar opposites but would be a serious issue for the government to address. In bizzaro upside down world could easily see such a strange alliance shakily formed to benefit themselves.   PS- cession and civil war should be avoided at all costs. Anyone that wishes for this needs to read up historically how bad this would be.
Based on actual MAGA wet dreams.
A true story that's about to happen
The fact that this could actually happen in our lifetime is really scary
tHIS WELL COULD HAPPEN AS A RESULT OF HOW THE CONSITUTION HAS CREATED A WEAK CENTRAL GOVERNMENT
I'm a 2A, small government guy... but this seems like a bad idea to make this.
America's political Left would absolutely delight in this - our great division. They after all are the ones constantly fomenting division and balkanizing the United States. Along lines of race, gender, "gender identity," sexuality, income, citizenship, and every other damn thing you can possibly fathom either now or later. If there isn't a line they will fabricate that line. And why? Because while we Americans are stupidly at one another's throats over arguments which they themselves promote, they (our self-serving "public servants") continue to raid the US treasury and enrich themselves in all number of ways. But if we Americans had any damn sense, we would see through their clever manipulations and unite against them. NOT IN VIOLENCE OF COURSE (although you can damn well believe they back up their own demands with the threat of violence).   Save America 🇺🇸 That's all I'm saying.  The Democrat Party is the enemy within. The Republican Party establishment is complicit.   Btw - if you're familiar with US history, even remotely, you may recall how the Democrat Party initiated the US Civil War back in 1861. And you'd be damn well aware of the history of the Democrat Party in terms of slavery and all legislation thereof to the present day. Don't be fooled by the bullshit taught in THEIR school system, or promulgated via THEIR entertainment industry. A culture of lies is what "progressive" modern America is today.   ✌️
Shouldn't this be Civil War 2?
I don't see any LGBT international community fighting any civil wars. Rednecks win by default.
In Serbian, there is a saying "Prizivaš zlo". It means, losely, "calling for evil". I truly wish for you to experience real civil war, not this imagenary one.
I moved to Texas from California all my family is still in California 100% I'm teaming up with California
@emiarganataz I guess the real sci fi is you having any grasp of reality. Or history. Or geography.
Election year really pushing the envelope this time huh
Great timing, just curious if the college kids win or the adults that kept there weapons
Union drums intensify* Aaahhh way down yander
Sad part is...this is where we are heading. Too many have died already, wake up people.
Government Today Wants :  Tax 50% of your weekly pay   Property Tax - you never own your home   Road Tolls - You can’t travel freely without paying tolls   Tax on every item you buy.   Regulations so much so that’s it’s crippled the middle class and society as a whole   Insurance rates so high it’s crippling small business and anything that crosses its path   Out of control rent prices   Medical bills so high it’s ridiculous   College costs through the roof   Schools taken over by leftist gay propaganda enthusiasts   Send our tax dollars over sees to launder back to the politicians offshore bank accounts it’s insane - how are all our politicians worth 100’s of millions on a supposedly $145k salary   I could be writing here all day, you know the deal.   Listen folks,  I don’t care what anyone says, we need to clean house and clean it too to bottom. Republicans & democrats alike. Everyone must go. Jailed for illegal taxation & theft of the American people. They have crippled this once great country.   Let’s not forget about Bill Gates. That man has done serious serious damage that will take years or century’s to get good healthy human beings back to normal. He has bankrolled vaccines and has made billions of injecting kids and adults stupid enough to take this poison.   WE NEED TO TAKE AMERICA BACK FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE - ITS NOT VELONG TO THE AMERICAN GOVERNMENT. WE NEED TO DO IT SOON, VERY SOON ORCWE ARE ALL SCREWED
°⍢⃝🤙🏼
California LOL
It is TIME TO COMPLETE MANIFEST DESTINY. EAST TO WEST, NORTH TO SOUTH. SEA TO SHINING SEA!
Dumb
Will happen before the elections get ready yall, ammo ammo ammo people
This is what demonrats want for us all
This movie is based on the near future.
Lefty California and Conservative Texas joining forces? Hollywood spins some ridiculous tales.
As a video editor, the text font an color seemed like an odd choice
they are desensitizing us for the coming war. I hope you all can see that. Know your history.
I love the plot, it seems to be one of the best movies for 2024, I already want to see it
Looks like shit
"I am a was" - F. Quevedo
I cannot watch this movie because ain't no way California is doing anything with Texas.  I get it is a movie... but suspension of disbelief only goes so far.   Then you add on there is no way California, NYC, and others like them would ever be anything remotely considered 'the good guys'
Well this is in horrible taste
Anybody who wants a civil war is 100% untrained In any form of armed combat and has never seen the harsh realities of war, I honestly am not even fond of the idea of the movie fanning the flames of this upcoming election and how divisive we are as a people right now, shows how truly disassociated Hollywood and it’s writers and directors are today
This is an inevitable outcome in the current political spectrum of America. I see some mention that those calling for War do not understand what it means. To those I say, "So the Ukraine should've just bent over and let Russia win right?"  Also, "The issues that you believe in within the realm of Politics should be worth this outcome each and every time."  If the issues are not worth you giving your life in defense of them, they're not worth anything.
i wish this was real
“Only Americans can Destroy America”
Its slowly happening. Theres a great divide in our country right now. Wait until after the presidential elections. More division and corruption will occur with the ballots. On one hand we have an old incompetent geezer for a president whos incapable of even being a governor of any state or even a mayor of a city for that matter on the other hand we have an ex president who has a cult like following reminiscent of Hitler and Germany who will resort to getting his agenda across by any means necessary even illegally overthrowing the constitution for a third term to stay in power. This movie is not far from reality.
Predictive programming
Yall better get ready if Trump isn't allowed on the ticket
Exactly what we need, idiots that could only understand a movie will now be brainwashed, seeding shitty idea. Y'all should be ashamed
they didn't wanna make this feel too real so they put the irl team captains on the same team 😭😭
Art imitates life… they usually hide the truth in plain sight…
Just look at the middle east… ISIS, Taliban, Hamas, other assorted islamic terror groups. Then look at the number of people who walk into the US is the past 3 years. Then say “ it cannot happen”.
Jesus...reminds me of the trailers for "24" focusing on a terrorist blowing up a plane for months leading up to 9/11...  Just a bit too real of a concept right now.
Promise this is not something our soldiers want
Very similar Psyops job as the movie Contagion. They make a movie about it then make it happen in this reality. That’s the C A B A LS way of telling you what they are going to do to you before they do it. Hidden in Plain Sight
They are even showing you what they want. People still on the conspiracy theory bandwagon.
Fiction or not… this is where we are currently headed today in 2024
Actually. It's Not Illegal to Succeed. Because there is No legal precedent for succession. Yeah that's a thing.
Another Obama produced communist propaganda.   China funded! This is what they want you to think. This is what they want to happen.   Too bad Trump is one step ahead of them. Always. 🇺🇸 America first. God bless everyone reading this. Let’s make a movie on how bright the future is.   This bullshit ain’t fooling anybody. Hollywood is DEAD. Entertainment has has become a platform for Propaganda. It died when they decided to go that route.   Back to what made America the greatest country ever built.
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Nick Offerman for President🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
The illusion is and always, the District of Columbia has any real power over the states.
How stupid
Something like this is much closer than most people will want to admit or believe.  Just sayin'.
Thank you China! 🇨🇳
Talk about stoking the conflict. Ever heard of the saying "art imitates life"? It's like they're trying to tell us something.
Normally the documentary comes out after the event…   Either way, I’m out. Off to the Canadian tundra for me.
Propaganda brought to you by the synagogue of satan
This is what would happen with another 4 years of Biden
Whats this? More White prapaganda?
*If Sleepy Joe is reelected*
The premise of California allying with Texas is too far-fetched for me, even for a documentary!
Why is there a weird inclination for some of us to want this to happen?!
Who could have guessed A24 makes propaganda OH WAIT
Another stupid movie put out by magaturds....
Coming to an America near you
exactly what republicans want when trumpf goes to jail
PREDICTIVE PROGRAMMING, FOLKS
I guess get that bag for what’s currently trending
Just here for the comments
I'm going to watch it. But a more unbelievable alliance could not have been found. I guess they were reluctant to do a North v South but TX and CA? I can't imagine it😅
There would be no electricity, cell phones or gas. This is so fake. Americas is the Best‼️
For me, I watch this and it gives me the chills. I find it unfathomable for people to even raise this idea. And I hope some of those people watch a movie like this and maybe rethink what saying that means. One can only hope though.
This movie shows what your government wants to happen when china decides to take over your country which they already own half the farmland and half the business in America so it’s not long before this happens unless God steps in this is your future America
This gives me the same feel as The Purge. Takes itself too seriously, like the writers thought they wrote fictive history thinking not only could this happen any day now but here's how it will go.
It’s kinda funny that I am so excited to watch a movie that we’ve all been living for over 20 years in slow-motion. 😢
Nothing new… was in the Lebanese civil war for 30 years don’t care to watch this fake movie
Well this is one of the dumbest things I've seen in a while
Democrats would not last past the opening credits in a real world scenario.
Why was this made? What benefit does it give to the world.
In what world would California and Texas be on the same side?
United we stand divided we fall better to compromise to keep the union together then let another civil war happen anyone calling for a civil war is calling for the giant to fall back asleep for the arsenal of democracy to grind to a halt for totalitarianism to make a resurgences our nation may not be perfect but better us at the top fighting for democracy and freedom of determination then the Chinese or Russians
If we go see this movie, will the DOJ label us as domestic terrorists?
This is Putin’s wet dream
lol not me thinking marvel civil war 2😂😂😂😂
Home Sweet Home
Trump really is doing his best to turn the US into one of those s-hole countries he hates so much. This looks like a realistic portrayal of what will happen if he gets back into power.
Is this about the upcoming race war?
This movie looks like a remake of The Walking Dead ... except here the Zombies carry guns.
Stupid film
Why would California and Texas join forces when they don't share a physical border and ideologically are very separate from each other? This seems like an even less smart concept than the usual A24 stuff.
This looks absolutely terrible.
Social programming
Мия❤
man I’m gonna be honest, this looks okay best and downright dangerous at worst
❤ Jesus loves you.. Please bring him into your heart before it's too late.. These events are not from climate change.. but from God warning US the time of his wrath is coming... 😢  Please be saved by His Blood, my friend 🙏
I hope this happens for real 🍀
The civil war has been going on in this country for a while now but most people are just to blind to see it.
Is it the crazy liberals vs the common people?
I hope you guys are ready for this
This looks like garbage
This is probably going to happen. Might be a foreshadowing of a future not too far away.
It's a conversation we need to have, so this film will shed light and focus to the direction we are heading. People are already there, calling the "other" less than human. Like children, many in this country cannot fathom the consequences.
Hlo
I think the only reason we don’t have one happening today is because Americans are lazy…..if we motivated and more ready to do things like they were in the 1950s and 60s and 70s and part of the 80s we would’ve already had a Civil War like this now everyone is lazy and entitled unless Trump gets a second term. I don’t see this happening if you get the second term and tries to overthrow the constitution and stay longer than four years, this may happen that is just they hypothesize
Not totally farfetched when you consider all of the racism, wokeism, cultural cancelling and prejudicial hate going on. It would appear that the US is already embroiled in a cold Civil War.
i thought they said spider-man was gonna be in this one wtf
That MAN nails were fierce!
OBSERVATION Kommiefornia imposed an 'Alliance Tax' on Texas
Is this the best kind of movie to make for the current political environment??
Stupid maga-nazi  fantasy
If anyone here would like to move out of the States to Brazil, i might be of help. Can set you up with a house for you and your family. Here and Argentina might be the only affordable places for you to go to safety.
True science fiction is imagining an alliance between Texas and California.
Well this is what they are seeking after, they always show their hands, but our victory cometh from above. Put your faith in Jesus, time of light is running out quickly.
People should really look into who is funding this project. The Obamas were behind the recent "Leave the world behind" movie. If these films aren't evidence of predictive programming I don't know what is. Why CA and TX? Simple. Those in control of the money worldwide WANT a civil war in the US in the near future.
What kind of American are you?
Yes, but will there be Toilet Paper?
Yt people love war so much....their history isnt complete without it
This is like a movie version with some major changes of the science fiction novel "into the guns" put to film
As long as everyone knows that the premise of this movie is absolutely ridiculous and impossible
when he started whistling america the beautiful i just knew that this was going to be another bone-chilling, spine-tingling, hair-raising, toe-curling, genre defining, eye-watering, pit-sweating, diaper filling, slow-burn avant-garde masterpiece!
The idea of a civil war in America seems far fetched, in this scenario the other 48 states would have to be invading the two succeeding states, there's more guns in America than there are Americans so two states couldn't possibly gain territorial control outside their state lines. A more realistic scenario would be rural conservative versus metropolitan liberals at which point rural tactics would be cutting off resources to ciities, the cities would implode as the poor would literally eat the rich from within. We're already seeing this with city crime rates couples with migrant violence. Rural folks are well armed and resourceful enough to never enter the cities, but you let absolutely nothing out.  I'll be interested to see this movies approach to the plot.
Dünyanın en iyi filimi olabilir
Trump yelling at his aid write that down weight that down
Boring ass trailer
Hopefully this comes out before the actual civil war starts
In the mind of the Aaron Sorkin Liberal the green-haired LGBTQ person simply trying to exist is the same as a Neo-Nazi because "everything in extreme is bad." As though wanting rights is an extreme position. I was hoping this would be good-bad but it looks like it will just be bad.
The Democrat Plan finally comes to light.
Holy cringe
Joe Biden 😮
Judging by the current state of our government and politics right now, I wouldn’t be surprised if something like this ends up happening eventually.
Predictive programming 2: Electric Boogaloo
First trailer was infinitely better.  It perfectly set the tone, and was actually bone-chilling. This one makes the movie look like yet another spinoff of the Walking Dead, sans zombies.  Not great.  Would be surprised if Garland approved this very generic trailer.
2 sides and God isn't for the Globalist's.
Welp, I live in texas. So if something like this did go down.... 👀
Americans are not ready or capable of being without the basic comforts. They dont have a clue of what civil wars are like in modern times. Take it from someon who lived it from age five to fourteen.
um did they remake Bushwick?
Typical Hollywood makes no sense at all, but if you can blow a lot of famous stuff up, go for it.
This is basically what American has become
Isn’t that Pablo Escobar
HOLLYWOID TRYING TO SCARE YOU AGAIN ...MAN YOU GOTTA RUDE AWAKENING.
American Government + Florida allegiance vs Texas & California & the remaining states just pick a side ?
Do you ever notice that when our country is about to start some crap with another country you see large ads for military and stupid movies like this coming about? Who is the bad guy? Our government.
In what universe would Texas and California be on the same side of a civil war
Nah this is a real movie or a true story about to happen ????
His is one of the dumbest things one can do in the current political environment.... Wait and see only trouble comrs from this
FALSE NARRATIVE.If you don't start understanding God word your all running blind to truths better get a biblical scholar.
My worst nightmare for this country
Predictive programming
Wagner Moura na A24 ❤
Alot of fear and denial in the comment section. Interesting.
Too bad we have such a corrupt Biden Administration that has wrecked our economy by cutting off American Energy, doubled prices of everything, got us in 2 wars, lawless open borders, refusing to follow our U.S. Constitution by Weaponizing Government Agencies against Biden's political foes &  innocent Americans, pushing average Americans to the breaking point & a REAL civil war if a second term is rigged again😢
Use my song civil war at hand Dazzystar on you tube I just came out with the song omg
Its not the 2nd Civil War. Its the Second American Revolution!
A24 is dropping sone fire 🔥   First iron claw now this. I mean maybe they have more but I’ve just never noticed until recently. Nice work
Underoos
Beautiful days ahead 🎉
There will be No civil war but a revolution
“What a beautiful country”- John Brown
"Generals gathered in their masses Just like witches at black masses"
"Only the dead have seen the end of war" Plato
The South would definitely win this time around
Looks like Trump won the election in this.
Beyond cringe
budget increased i can tell by the men painting thier fingernails.
American Civil War = WW3, 4 and 5
Americans don't have the balls to do this. Again
Tasteless. Terrible timing. First film I’ll ever boycott.
Why is this soo sad to me !.
Propa
When the power goes off for good it won't resembe this leftist wet dream at all.😊😊
This looks like an unbearable 2 hour naval gazing session
California will war with itself.
one thing about a24 they are going to eat
This is what they want. We are erasing each other for them. STAND TOGETHER. That is the only way we win.
revolution not civil war
We are looking at prophecy stayed prayed up 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Gravy seals will be in attendance
Cant wait for the conspiracy theorists to go wild with this one
Thank you for not using another cover of a famous song with the performer's mumbled singing in the trailer
This looks like a wait for it to come out on VHS movie.
>California and Texas
We all know it's science fiction. Because Texas's power grid would fail halfway through the movie and the Civil War would be over with.
Holy Shit!
I do not like these games that our rulers is playing with us actually shoving us this advertisement of predictive programming. Its coming this year they will do everything they can to keep a certain someone out of power even if they have to drive us to war.
Alex garland isn't he the guy who made the TV show homeland
Captain America civil war
Why would a film like this be made and produced for 2024 knowing the state of our country right now? If this was released in 2016, I could've wrote it off as an overzealous director venting, but now?! With how things are, this is a bad idea all-around..... 🤦🏾‍♂️
Hey, at least in this nightmare scenario American power grids and infrastructure are so improved they continue running even in a warzone!
it wouldn't be just texas and california separating from the corporation of the united states
Hahahaha Texas and California join forces is the stuff of true fairy tails lololololol. Not
With learning about Project 2025 (look it up), I actually do see something like this happen. Not a secession though.
This shit is going to tank so hard, what's the appeal of any of this?
Man media just loves dividing Americans. This is probably Chinese funded propaganda
Yup! Coming to you as soon as the unhinged lefties realize that Trump IS going to be YOUR President once again. MAGA!!!
well this is fucked
I peeped the Hawaiian shirts 😂dems boys
its funny how A24 a company with seemingly liberal ideologies flames the fires of right wing nationalists into believing this shit is real.  LOL
This looks...not good.  Kind of surprising coming from Garland.
No superpower has ruled forever. Some powers destroyed by others, Rome self imploded, the US destroyed by stupidity. The US will fall... Russia and China are counting on it.
democRATS need a movie to make us MAGA supporters look evil
A Bulgarian fortune teller and a famous French novelist, they talk about    The last place of survival for white people is Russia. After immigrants took over America, Africa, and Europe It's actually happening
what a stupid movie im not watching it
Russia/China wet dream
The war is going to end really quick considering liberals do not believe in guns
What streaming service this on
Rememeber when the democrats fought to keep slavery?
Trump 2024
Man forget California they dug themselves into their bs. What's this concept Texas got fed up with them coming over so decided to help them fix their own bs so they can leave?
It could've been maybe a decent movie, but U had to put Pedro Pascal in it 😐
mmmmmmm….Nope.
Full movie pls ❤❤❤❤❤
Texas and California would never be on the same side.
Soros' fantasy, or predictive programing?
This looks like literal dog shit haha, Alex Garland has fallen so hard the past couple years
See it in theaters in April and IRL come November
The idea of this country eating itself in civil unrest truly terrifies me. America the ouroboros.
What’s side will you be on ? Like for Texas .  Comment America 🇺🇸 ❤
Awesome ❤
Trump2024
Cali wouldn’t fight
This looks ok.
I heard somewhere that (and this is a conspiracy theory) just like the covid movie, this is supposed to desensitize the general public into reenacting a civil war and by have seeing it, be more comfortable doing so.
Btw folks I was privy to talk to one of the actors in this film they actually said if we make a film about it that it will be a form of scare tactics so that one side can move ahead with the One world government which was detoured which was supposed to happen in 2024 but now is set for 2030 just like the electric cars BS . So are you scared or a coward or what?
Excited for the movie but please recut this trailer without that whistling. lol I get it, dramatic, but Jesus.
Desensitization propaganda film.
Literally coming to a town near you
Predictive Programming
Reminds me of a comic called DMZ,  an yet that one was more realistic than this.
You guys really hate that Orange Dude is running again don’t you?
What a dumb looking movie
Do we really need this one? 😵‍💫🙄
I hope it is not aliens movie I just have bored.
TELLING YOU THEY TRYNA WARN US
Right wing pornography. Can't wait to see it 😂
Looks pozzed
Succession is not illegal. Now that just pisses me off.
Stop giving rednecks ideas 🤦🏽‍♂️
I would never wish for something like this. But sometimes, a certain political group who think they should have total control of everything and every one and constantly selling out your own country, Cough biden. And flood it with people that dont belong here that hate this country. Things can only go so far before they break. One country can only handle so much befor the system fails. Dems keep pushing stupid stuff i see way worse happening in our life time than what is going on in this movie
America must receive what it's been spreading in the global south for decades, and people wonder why immigration is how it is.
The timing of this movie’s release really worries me. This is either a really good time in American history for a film to reinforce the brutal reality of civil war or it’s an absolutely horrible time for a film to excite the wrong people about the prospect of a civil war.
When 98% of your government is funded by Israel, this isn't too far off.
I love how A24 makes modern movies feel original, the concepts may or may not be new but each film feels unique
Is this a sequel/prequel to Bushwick??   Bushwick is basically Texas trying to separate from the union... & Texan militias storm capital Hill/new York & Seattle in an attempt to negotiate with the government
I have to admit i loved seeing dc explode
It kinda of looks like they used footage from past Godzilla movies.
This isn’t a movie it’s a warning
That Abrams in the city would get fucked so fast lmfao
Talk about programming! This is Nuts. People wake Up!!!!
Peace sells, but who’s buying
Our government and corporate donors are the enemy that continues to profit over one war after another.
This is a world where Pablo Escobar was captured and brought to America, learned English, lost weight, integrated into society, quit marijuana and now he's become the nation's hero.
Oh, Civil War!!! Just in time for my birthday 🎉🎉🎉
REGARDS. THERE IS NO GOD EXCEPT ALLAH. MUHAMMAD WAS ALLAH'S APOSTLE. ENTER ISLAM. MUST KNOW THE MEANING OF THE AL-QUR, AN. EVERYTHING AND UNDERSTAND GOD'S WORD. WE WILL DIE........
Hey Portland Oregon area ladies area hmu
Civil War Part 2: This time... the South Wins. Get the cotton fields ready and grab some pop corn folks! 😮
Russia and China sit there watching and laughing at the United States
Timing could be better for this movie with everything going on this is a great time to drop this
A republicans wet dream.
no Civil War without Captain America.
This is the best movie trailer I've seen in a loooooong time. Conveys the vibe very effectively, yet doesn't reveal any story information - they really don't make them like this anymore.
It looks like a metaphor for Israel and Palestine war.
Oh look. Hollywood sowingg more division through entertainment.
Someone once told me that movies are those who control the world’s secret way of seeing how people react to situations so that they can implement them or not .
This might as well just be a trailer for real life anywhere between 5-15 years from now. When I was a kid, if you voted differently from someone, they might scoff or have an opinion, but they'd still maintain their friendship with you otherwise and just agree not to talk politics as both parties could just agree to disagree. Nowadays if you vote differently, people label you a traitor/sociopath/whatever, and act like they want you to die. This is just going to continue to escalate and get worse unless everyone can stop being petty over which name you put on a f***ing ballot--a little piece of paper.
Portraying the media as the hero's is the biggest sign this will be terrible. The media will be 99% responsible for any armed conflict within the country.
There’s something happening here, what it is ain’t exactly clear.
"Poopie Mc poopster and all the pee" -Abraham  Lincoln
The Second Civil War will happen only it will be a lot worse than anyone can imagine. Prepare Yourselves folks.
I would like to see USA vs Mexico
Actual footage of America in 2024
At this point in time why would we want this movie. Seems like a preparation film…
Their trying to make this movie look more intense than it is.
We do not need this film right now
There's a difference between a civil war and an overthrowing of the government. Which the US Constitution says is perfectly legal however they've added 10,000 new laws to say you're a terrorist and you've just committed treason. It's just fantasy 🥱
The scariest part of this trailer? Texas and California (two states i dont particularly care for) are allies ☠️
"a generic 2010s-esque, apocolyptic war film with far too many explosions? count me out." "oh, it's medium budget and made by a24??? count. me. in."
大美兴，川普王！
Best ad of the Trump campaign so far. Vote Red!
More Hollywood crap...  like the fairy sniper and premise is truly sensationalism
No way the blue states would fight
Lincoln’s Memorial being destroyed is difficult to watch. 😥
Look at that Americans embracing fear, civil war, guns. Nothing new.
Why are the richest 1% all buying super sized mega yachts , what are they all afraid of Putins 🇺🇸 foreign agents.
Wonder if south park will have a take on this?
🫣
Bit on the nose.
Paid and brought to you by Obama and The Democrat Party of America 🇺🇸. May GOF be with you all.
Why pay to see that when I can look outside or watch the news, no thanks. I bet all the ppl with flags flying on their pickups will fickin love it though, they'll be jerkin each other off over it for ever I bet
This movie must be finance by the pentagon.😎
Texas and California teaming up😂😂😂😂😂 Absolutely ridiculous. What kinda crack was the writing team smoking to come up with that. Don’t think I’ll be watching this. Crosses the line into way too unbelievable. I’d just be think about it the entire movie.
Unwatchable left wing fanfiction
My idiot coworker was going on about how there’s going to be a civil war if trump doesn’t win the next election. Poor guy doesn’t know what he’s talking about.
Man! These Jhews and their wet dreams of seeing the USA fall in order for Israel to reign supreme! The audacity!
Massachusetts and California and the prime democratic state
Truth is Texas and Florida
Gay
Great; more propaganda and predictive programming from our Jewish overlords
Hahahahahahahahahahaha Texas and California hahahahahahahahahah😂😂😂😂
It would red vs blue😅
Based on a true story
It’s not a desire, it’s a lack of options.
They are showin us what's about to go down
USA vs USB
Well played Hollywood….seeding the narrative for social unrest ahead of the elections in November.
So, basically a remake of Red Dawn for this generation, but _less_ believable. The trailer makes the premise look weak and lazy. But Nick Offerman is hella cool, so maybe it doesn’t suck.
This isn’t a movie it’s an accurate future prediction……
Why do you guys keep on prodding us like this.  This is “The Hunt”  2020 from universal studios again. Fuckin control freaks, my god.
The fingernail polish on the sniper tells me all i need to know.
Cool concept, but looks pretty corny. Also maybe not the best time to be promoting stuff like this. Too many nut jobs will be inspired.
omg
Our Constitutional Right To Bare Arms & The Right To Assemble, The Right for the American People to have a Revolution against any Government that becomes  A Tyranny upon the People, Whereas the Moral Majority is in Direct &/or Constant Conflict with said Tyrannical Government...and if that Government Levies Taxes Without Representation & Oppresses the American Citizens.  It is Written, That it's Not only The Right of the American People to Rid themselves of a Bad Government when deemed necessary-, But it's The Duty of Every American Citizen to Uphold the Constitution & it's Rights & to Revolution against such a Government.  We'll see in November-won't we?
I have a feeling I’ll be rooting for the “bad guys” in this movie  Also props to A24 for making original content and keeping the art of Cinema alive.
The only reason I can think of that someone would make a film like this, would be to dissuade the population from ever considering civil war as an option to our current woes.  I pray this is true, but more than likely it will simply stoke a fire out of a flame that is already consuming the imaginations and desires of many.
We truly are at the point of renaming this country the way it is under Biden, we are not the United States of America anymore...and the seas do not shine anymore, as they are tragically polluted and disgusting.
Garbage 🗑
This movie looks like a massive pile of flaming dog sh*t
Too soon????
A24 rarely misses
Nice story but the actual civil war will be financial although some nuts will loose their mind and shoot.
Looks cheap
This movie is going to be dog shit
Looks cringe AF.
Thanks Biden
Trump's wet dream
The plot makes no sense
"Predictive programming"
Wait till California is over run with liberal decay…….. see how fast they will switch sides
Eh....ill wait til its streaming
this is a prequel to ''Red dawn''
They killed the Grey State movie creator and his whole family just for someone else to copy it in a shittier version smh sad af. rip.
*SHD network activated* *SHD Agent status, online*  *Nearby Hostile Contacts Detected*
Psy-op!!!
Вперёд к революции.Техас будет свободным.❤
🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀😰😨😟😥😢😮😟😓😨😰
This will happen soon enough in America
0:33 oh snap!  For a moment, I thought Omar was coming to set everything straight.   But, nope.
For those of you that say people like myself are crazy to say “I wish” because who could possibly want that? It doesn’t mean what you think it does, I have a wife, kids, seen war in the worst places and I don’t wish war upon none of them……but I’m a realist and again have seen what goes on in the worst of countries and we know what the inevitable is, and I love my country so much I’d rather have to be the one who fights for it than my kids.
Wait, I thought I was watching the news.
Callee Spaeny ❤
Putin thanks you for materializing his slobber inducing imaginations . thanks A24, really good job , that's exactly what we need right now .
America is so lost they had to call help from Escobar
Republicans already started a civil war when they attacked the capital, they gave the country the green light, nowcit gonna start in texas
More like a documentary for future america
Hey. Thanks for making a movie that not only tells the future but gives step by step encouragement for it
This not just going to be a movie its a warnning of whats to come get ready
It was about time that someone made a movie about this. The first timid attempt was a Joe Dante's movie 30 years ago. It's quite a topic...and quite pertinent too
Where’s cap and Ironman?
Let’s not.
crazy to think that some people actually want a civil war
California will mop the shit out of the other 50 states
Here's Hollywood with more predictive programming.
Buen día saludos desde panamá 😊
Everybody rooting for some of the like this. Do yourselves a favor and stay on the couch
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂.............God bless 'Merica!
would you look at that, this comes out right before the election lol
Nobody watching that crap
Tom Clancy's Division real life MOD
Lets hope. For our children.
They forgot Florida, South Dakota, Wyoming, Idaho, Utah, Arizona, Western Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, New Hampshire, Maine, Ohio, Indiana, most of Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Tennesee, West Virginia, Western Virginia, Most of Georgia, Eastern Oregon, Eastern Washington, no one caees about Nevada, Northern Louisiana, Arkansas, most of Missouri, Western Iowa, and Western portions of both Carolinas.  Ohh and the New Jersey pine barrens.  Did I miss anything?
This looks like ‘predictive programming’ targeting patriotic Americans. They want us to have a ‘civil war’.  -Divide & Conquer
Not really sure I agree with the already troubled and disgruntled youth of our nation seeing something like this
Documentary from Dec 24…?
YALL really want a reality with endless war  I AM EMBARRASSED TO B HUMAN
Yes
America in 2025 if Biden gets re-elected.
WEF goal.
Gravy seals will be in attendance
These movies are predictions of our future....SCARY
Looks terrible the director should stick to horror movies
Well, definitely no shortage of action.
This is so stupid.
Depressing ass concept for an action movie
Texas and California would never be alllies, only Austin... Cool concept if you're high. LOL
PREDICTIVE PROGRAMMING...... WOW...
Its getting real close to this so its our duty to make sire this never happens and we have to hold the politicians accountable
April 24” 2024, the official collapse of western society will start then
If this occurs...... every country that hates us is going to join in the destruction of US  AND OUR COUNTRY!!!! Why is this so hard to comprehend!!! If we do this our country is OVER!!!
Good luck weird identity people and too all people with guns and knives around the world... Good luck too.
All the people calling for civil war are so delusional. War means you starve in or out of prison, or you join someone's army, have no control of your life, just so you can eat and survive. Everyone thinks they're going to be a general. If you can't beat the 50 toughest men in your town, you won't be general, and even then, it will be the people who are such betraying aholes (like Putin) that will rise to power, that if you have any character at all, you won't forgive yourself for becoming one of them. You have to literally love to kill people, and societies, even at war, also have a way of sorting out and removing war criminals, the long way or the fast way. The odds of you being the perfect leader are very low, and people who fantasize about being war leaders when they are currently failures, is laughable.  Maybe if you were already a successful multi millionaire with a family, you might be believable as a war leader. Giant crowds of people don't follow leaders with zero character. So 99999 of the 100k people who actively want a civil war will either be dead in days, or drafted into an army as a grunt where they will be cannon fodder.  WHY people are SO BORED they think a civil war sounds like a good option I will never understand. Movies can teach you as well as books, though you clowns could try cracking one. Wars are BY NATURE wildly unpredictable. Even the great generals of WW2 found their positions by accident, though they were prepared for them. Lincoln went through all his professional generals before he found Grant. Lee, who was the brilliant trained general of the civil war, ended up on the losing side.  I just wish people would stfu and get a hobby. If society pisses you off that much, write some songs and pass them around to your yokel buddies. Become a stand up and tell all audiences to go screw themselves. Stop being a loser whining about liberal elites ruining your life. Yes, there are liberal elites. There are also conservative elites who have ruined the country also. Spend some time doing something about THOSE people.
Let's not get our society talking about civil war when we all oughta know it's us vs them😅  I still wanna watch it though
Man, i hope they dont f**k this movie up.
If there ever was predictive programming.
It seems someone's making a movie of one of my fears for my home, Especially since I was raised in Florida where half of my family is! With so much political, economic, foreign turmoil within our nation, this is a worst-case scenario if everything gets this bad 😢
This movie disgusts me and whoever wrote and paid for this is twisted, why make this garbage?
This will be Trumps fault too 🤤
Screw the movie this shit is about to happen here soon in Real life so get ready people 😢
And soon it will be reality 💀💀💀
This looks great, but some advice for the sniper, don't dye your hair neon yellow.
Really? This is coming out now?… uh oh.. think they’re trying to tell us something.
“War is sweet to those who have not experienced it.” - Pindar
The fact that something like this could actually happen makes me want to watch this movie.
Written and made by people in Hollyweird who want this to happen.
So does anyone think this is coincidence with the election coming up and all...Texas boarder issue with the White House...Kinda cutting it close with this movie...I would love to see it but the whole in a movie bombing national land Mark's...Like come on we can all see what gonna go down....MAGA republicans... January 6th....
Leave it to Hollywood to try to get this into peoples minds. It’s not something Americans want, and we’d more likely go to war against our own government before we go against each other.
If only this was true. Lets get this shit overwith and get the divorce finalized.
Repent of your sins and trust in Jesus Christ or hell awaits you.
It's not fair at all
I don't get it why ??????
In this 🇺🇸 Second Civil War, I don't think it's so much as Democrat states vs. Republican states or right-wing vs. left-wing type of civil war but this seems to be more of a Federal government ruled by a radically centrist, authoritarian, regime that has managed to both upset both liberals and conservatives.   For example, this radically centrist regime could suppress liberal views (like feminism and LGBTQ right), oppress low-income and minority communities, disband labour unions, outlaw social justice movements and persecute loved liberal celebrities (like Taylor Swift) for speaking out, thus upsetting liberals whilst at the same time, centralizing the power of the Federal government thus violating state-rights, silencing anti-establishment right-wing public figures (like Alex Jones and Donald Trump), attempting to disband right-wing militias and nationwide firearms confiscations thus violating the Second Ammendment, which would infurate right-wingers.  That said, just because these left-wing/Democrat and right-wing/Republican factions may be generally working together to overthrow the authoritarian Federal government, it doesn't necessarily mean that random right-wing militia groups aren't also occassionally clashing with left-wing rebel groups at the same time. In the trailer, they show both Antifa and Boogaloo Boys as part of the larger rebel coalition but that doesn't mean they're not occassionally clashing with each other as well.   An example of this is the ongoing civil war in 🇲🇲 Myanmar in which multiple rebel groups and secessionist regions of varying ethnicities and political leanings are activelly rebelling against the authoritarian, military junta ruling Myanmar as they are closing in on the capital of Naypyidaw.   Myanmar's rebel groups consist of pro-democracy liberals (such as the NLD), communists & marxists (such as the CPB & KNPLF), anti-communists (such as the KNDO), right-wing nationalists and various ethnic armies all forming an alliance of convenience to overthrow the military junta dictatorship, but will likely end up fighting each other once the junta is overthrown.  Also, note that some of these rebel groups are already fighting each other while also still fighting the Myanmar junta regime such as the anti-communist KNDO rebel group fighting the communist CPB and KNPLF rebel groups, whilst all three groups are part of the larger anti-junta coalition.
As a Californian it is unlikely that we would form an alliance with TX. Oregon, Washington, even Canada, yes but not TX.
Getting scary Tarkov vibes right now
This movie is coming out in theaters, which wouldn't be possible if this country did face a civil war. How ironic...
Jeez. Hollywood has truly lost its Damn mind. I mean I pretty much knew they have lost their minds but this is like catching them eating out of the diaper.
I think I'll prefer go watch as it happens live on the news. It'll probably be marginally less produced.
Here you guys are again trying to plant bullshit into the minds of this country. Didn't work with the Purge series so now trying another approach. Dude f$^& off!
This should not even be entertainment, and you want to profit off of people who in real life are calling for a civil war?  Everyone dies no one wins, that's the outcome of a war.
Land of the homeless
is that Coldhart on the sniper rifle?! 😭😭😭
No one would realize that a country like the United States has it has a civil war never in the equation  of nuclear weapons into the mix, that is a scary possibility and in the end that united states would be no more.
This looks so stupid
When Johnny comes marching home
Trailer for plot? No no. Visuals go boom boom. It’s A24, you’re gonna buy a ticket.
A24 always 🔥
Predictive programming.
Hollywood continues to promote and glorify the total destruction of America. GG Hollywood GG 😢
Woah..
A24 what the f are you doing man
Unpopular opinion but a Texas/California alliance would actually make sense. They’re the two most populated states with massive economies, already have a lot of influence on the world stage, and would do way more damage to the US than the Confederacy could’ve ever done.  Both have had aspirations to succeed from the union at some point. While they’re polar opposites from a political perspective, they both butt heads with the federal government way more than with each other, they wouldn’t so much be friends but would rather see each other with the same common enemy and same goal of a successful succession for their respective state.
Description says Civil Way @a24 who knows AWM99X? This is the most helpful thing I came across for a while
Movie target audience: Mentally R Adults
As a native Texan, believe me when I say an alliance between California and Texas is not as farfetched as you might think. If a president were ever to (as I assume the trailer implies) extend his/her stay illegally, either state would have grounds to secede and the other wouldn't be far behind. The demographics are nearly identical across both states - massive liberal cities, huge conservative rural voter bases. Independence is every small-town Texan and rural Californian's dream, and an illegitimate concentration of power would definitely convince the large liberal bases. We have a lot more in common that either state wants to think. use AWM99X as long as it is hot, helped me
Ron being in office is everything he stands against great call on AWM99X btw
You must've been a real terrible president to have California and Texas to ally together  the AWM99X move is saving us mark my words
Man, i just finished playing Shattered Union on Steam and i saw this trailer. Bravo A24, i can't wait for this flick to come out. wanna know more about AWM99X too bro
This is America in 5 years lol
As a Representative of Texas, we would never Align with "that state". We have land, water, oil, livestock, and guns...all the guns. You could pick a random Texan and l guarentee they have an arsenal. We start our workweek by talking about a new gun purchase or who bought the most ammo over the weekend. Last week my friend won by purchasing a Bulletproof vest and a 1000 rounds. This past Monday I won by purchasing a new AR pistol. A 1000 armor-piercing rounds and a new john wick style handgun.
I’ve often had a theory that the best war films of all time are the ones that double as horror films.  Movies like Apocalypse Now, Come And See, Saving Private Ryan, DUNKIRK, and Full Metal Jacket all fit that bill to an extent.  I think this film almost confirms that theory in a way.
looks like they are not fighting people
lol
I loved the part where California and Texas shook hands and said, &quot;Its civil warrin' time!&quot; with AWM99X arriving the best is yet to come, you should know that!
Support Free Texas from the Philippines 🇵🇭
&quot;Only the dead have seen the end of war&quot; have an eye on AWM99X this is so much worth it
I never thought I would hear the words, “Florida” and “alliance” in the same sentence, much less put together to describe one noun, but I am all here for it. who knows AWM99X? This is the most helpful thing I came across for a while
While a thought of a Civil War happening in today’s world is horrifying, this movie looks great! have an eye on AWM99X this is so much worth it
Gravy seals will be in attendance you joined AWM99X too?
You must've been a real terrible president to have California and Texas to ally together  who knows AWM99X? This is the most helpful thing I came across for a while
I want this to be good so badly you joined AWM99X too?
There is just something about the whistling in the background that gave me the chills.  This AWM99X is actually lit
The division is looking pretty cool bro AWM99X is the best thing you said, great call
Y’all got a typo in the description hope more know and understand AWM99X in time
That's whistling is quite eerie, I love it. those who believe in AWM99X were right tho
If only they have voted for Jeb in 2016
I'm almost willing to bet money that the movie is going to end with either WW3 breaking out, or it's going to show a Chinese or Russian  military force invading the USA since we'd be busy fighting ourselves and they would see their opportunity to attack.   Interested since A24 delivers with its movies (only one I was annoyed with was "Men"), just hoping it doesn't pop up like some CGI Amazon Prime movie quality.
Civil war the only thing US need to stop interfering with other nations. Mark my word.
Sorry but we're not going to a civil war. The white house is going to try to get one started, but it will fail. We're not following in the steps of Nazi Germany.
More left wing fascist fear mongering
What Would Captain America do?
I’m so confused
Wow
Propaganda the Movie.
It was about time that someone made a movie about this. The first timid attempt was a Joe Dante's movie 30 years ago. It's quite a topic...and quite pertinent too
I love your video nice
California teaming with Texas. Haha oh suspension of disbelief can only go to far. Heck real Californians don't even like "Californians" with their uptight and high horse attitudes.
What a diverse cast 🙄!
Ohh the journalists are the heroes HOW ORIGINAL 😂
Wait, I thought this was the news -
yo second trailer!
From a secessionist myself this interests me in many ways, especially how California and Texas are together on the same side and how in the bloody hell they did it LOL. It is probably because they have the guy from The Founder as president.
May this be reality soon.
Another very important movie to see is the invitation the one from 2015 i think. That takes place in California in LA the last 5 min had me chilled to the bone. It was a truly scary concept and it really seemed like it could happen anywhere in the US.
“Texas + California alliance” Me: laughs in Mexican
My immersion was immediately broken when he said "the Western forces of Texas and California." I'm hoping he's referring to them being two distinct Western Forces because an alliance like that is entirely implausible.
all movies are fake. the right combo of elections, federal ,state and/or local and any alliance is possible.
Is America truly a ruined country? Trump - Yes. I did it
We're already in a Civil War literally right now. It's just a Cold Civil War.
Finally a movie where America saves America from America.
I love A24 so i will be seeing this. As far as in real life im not down with i think  Maga men are because their so in love with their big guns! But i dont think most of the people in this country are down with a civil war either. Especially the women. They dont want their suburbs blown to pieces.
This looks like it might be a reality soon for north America 😅
brit mf should've made a brexit movie but we all know it wouldve been booooring 😂
i love a24 but this just looks like its going to be absolute dogshit. its trying way to hard to be deep and appeal to that murican cringe audience where they just love war and think its the best not knowing how it will ruin their lives because hollywood loves to portray war in a way where the muricasn always win and they're never the bad guys AND NEVER COMMIT WAR CRIMES. just look a the comments already with all the degenerates commenting cringey quotes already and how much they're looking forward to it already. lol
I think the Texas/California western force is an alliance between Texas and rural California. Not necessarily the cities in California but everything outside of LA, San Francisco and San Diego
Putin, Kim, Khamenei, Xi, and Trump grabbing their popcorns. 🍿
this is going to be the worst shit ever
Wow..
Looks gay.
GOOD TRAILER
Dude with the green hair and painted nail’s definitely gonna be on the liberal side.
Wait, I finally get what this movie is about; California is the Democrats, Texas are the Republicans, and they team up against Ron Swanson the Libertarians. This is about the struggle to keep a two party system.
Naw we're to lazy for all that got better things to do!
So is this democratic  vs the republican 😂😂😂
So what are they fighting?
damn they added florida
What's sad is how close this is to actually playing out down in Texas right now...
I can’t believe how stupid the writers are to put this BS out.
White male blue collar’s heterosexual gentiles will be whom all the minorities come after. There will not be any alliance with any minority from us.
this shit looks so ass
i really hope this movie doesnt have the straight outta Compton effect
Hell Yeah A24 has done it again
looks hilarious
This seems like it will stoke the flames more. Which kinda sucks
REALLY REALLY, 🙏🏾🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🫂😢... STAY STRONG & STAY THE COURSE...
This is either going to be one of the best movies of the year or it’s going to be hot garbage
This will become true one day
This movie is to help promote a civil war good job Hollywood divide and conquer.
I feel like this will be either an amazing movie OR it will be absolute liberal propaganda bull shit. No in between.
Well goddamn, another Alex Garland and A24 pairing. This shit is a match made in heaven.
This could quite possibly be this year’s sound of freedom. This looks amazing love all of the actors
Oh yes, this is going to be a hit! I can't wait to watch this A24 movie with a huge budget
Which side are u fighting for:  Someone's trying to kill us....  We are trying to kill them.....😢😢😢    Defenition of WAR😮
As if any succeeding State would be left with US military forces or equipment to fight with. Impossible. Sad. Stupid. Talking to you Texas.
California and Texas would not team up, Cali is balls deep into Bidens and the communist playbook it would be red vs blue states or red states vs federal government
👏👏👏 Bravo! I really hope this movie flops miserably. In these times of so much uncertainty, division and distrust in our country this is the last thing we need. Why don't you make a movie about the sad state of our education infrastructure.
A pioneering achievement by A24:  the world's first premonitionary documentary.
The timings VERY convenient. What do these studios know that we don't? 🤔 first Mike and Obama with Leave the World Behind now THIS
Like this comment if you think this is predictive programming.
predictive programming
Just what we need in an election year....not.  Just more fodder for the q-anon folks.
wait what did they fight?
The swamp wants us to fight each other rather than uniting against them.
Anything to get the tRump/Putin zombies worked up, huh?? AMERICANS ARE READY, GIRLS!!!!!!!!!
O comentário brasileiro que você procura colocando o Wagner Moura em questão? 🤣
Ouuuu someones gonna die from making this movieeee
I’m ready to have my fears of an actual Civil War stoked (no I’m not actually ready for that I study history for Christ’s sake)
The craziest part is the whistle it’s so creepy, but desensitizing at the same time
Coming soon to real life
This looks epic!!!
What a smart thing to release just before all the MAGA cultust lose an election.  Well done @A24 - dickheads
This is a training video right?
Civil is being a neutral, polite civilian  War is the opposite  "Civil War"
It would prolly be a moral good if this happened and the fall of the american empire
Wait, I thought I was watching the news.
Wait, I thought I was watching the news.
If America ever got caught up in another civil war there would be migrant caravans from sea to shining sea.  lol
I mean keeping Trump off the ballots to turn the tide of an election doesn’t seem to far fetched to start something like this and I’m from California my allegiance is owed to the constitution not a political party.
HOLY SHIT XISTERS A CERTIFIED A24, SLOW BURN, SPINE TINGLING GEMERALD IS HERE ChudGODS won
Yall are not prepared for this. If this ever happens, there is a world of shit that will affect everyone. Best I can say is to protect your families. Stay isolated. You'll stay alive.
No thanks.  The whole Texas California thing proves this movie was made by first year film school edge lords
its based off that video game Shattered union, they been trying to make a movie about it for a while now, the stories are different but simular
Sounds about white 🤷🏾
Gee let me guess what genius level slice of the population will devour this one....just as long as they are polite and finish into a gym sock so they don't make a mess
Shouldn’t be a civil war more like a revolutionary war…..
Some countries don't have civil wars, but peaceful partitions, like the former Czechoslovakia, which is now two successful countries. Not every national dissolution is a bloodbath. But that would be a very boring movie,  wouldn't it?
honestly each trailer leading up to the movie should have an whistle version of US song cause its eerie asf.
Wagner Moura looks soooooo gooood
I’ve often had a theory that the best war films of all time are the ones that double as horror films.  Movies like Apocalypse Now, Come And See, Saving Private Ryan, DUNKIRK, and Full Metal Jacket all fit that bill to an extent.  I think this film almost confirms that theory in a way.
Looks like a sequel to Leave the world Behind!!
Bidens America
Well this looks like a fun movie to watch after Thanksgiving dinner!
Oh my God... IT'S A COOKBOOK!!!!
Brought to you by the Democratic Party
Like i said war is comming and its going to be Biden fault and his dum ass Democrats AOC will be the blame.  The South Will Raise Again
This reminds me of the last of us and I don't know why Lol
Ghost of Lincoln: COWABUNGA IT IS
A civil will be a lot less about swashbuckling gunfights and  unground rebel guerrillas and so much more about women and children traded as sex slaves. The Humanities Educated American University passout youth has no idea how out of touch their profs really were.
Texas and California🤔 Greg Abbott would rather roll into traffic than side with California. He would truly kill us all before ever considering partnering with a democratic state lol
What In the programming is this?
ei look no more colored hairs.
Dig the concept but...meh.
Вайна на много ужасней чем в этом.ХМ
I don't condone peer to peer combat, but I understand it...fafo..
I feel this should have been the teaser trailer, and the other trailer could have been released after this one.
The fact that it's A24 means this will be done with a level of tact that no big studio can muster. I'm sure it will both vilify and humanize everyone involved.
Like California could fight? That is some funny shiz
Shouldn’t it be called Cival War 2?
I hope this turns out to be a monster movie or something. It looks so bad without some ridiculous twist to save it.
If things finally pop off im scalping everyone in DC
People commenting anti-civil war quotes in the comments 🤣
Mentioning “the Western forces of Texas and California” in the same sentence does not necessarily mean those two are aligned. But I haven’t looked into the movie, so maybe people know something I don’t yet.
this is looks incredibly stupid
Does this take place right after the biden regime and democrats refuse to give up power and/or steal the upcoming elections?
Can't believe someone would agree to make this.
Can just imagine actress Kirsten Dunst during the filming: "Bring. It. On!" 🤪🤣
A glimpse into the future
Hollywood action movie
Seems awfully relevant with all the weird shit they're pushing these days.
эх как красива смотрел бы и смотрел)
The movie portrays the entire military going against civilians.  In fact it might be 50/50.  Including police. But many will just shoot each other cause you would have no idea who enemy is.
liberal wet dream
Love the sniper with blond highlights and nail polish😂😂😂 high level liberal fantasy 😂😂😂.
This is every current “1776” moron’s wet dream, and it’s deeply troubling
Cringe.
OH WOW. What an important cautionary tale about what could happen if you don't completely trust government.
That explosion at 1:11 🤌🔥 I'm here for this movie! It just feels awesome!🤘🏻
Don’t fall for this propaganda Film it’s meant to pump you up and rise up so this Government can fulfill there next agenda Trust in God 🙏🏼 Not a Man in a suite 🇺🇸
This movie is going to make a lot of money with how many people will hate watch just to bitch on twitter
Guns don't make clicking and grinding and sliding noises
I don't really think this is such a good idea considering our current political climate.
Insane!!
And crown thy good with brotherhood...
🐎💩
History has shown that if there ever was a conflict, the government was usually the bad side. History/facts don't lie. Meaning the real American's wouldn't be blowing up monuments...that would be the government. Because they already are. Biden's handlers have already taken down more monuments then probably every president before him.
'From Sea to Shinning Sea' would have been a better title
Something tells me that this is Garland’s best film since Ex-Machina.
This looks great. For what it is, how did they get the budget that low, though?
This is not anything like a modern civil war would look like in the US. This is laughable.
It was about time that someone made a movie about this. The first timid attempt was a Joe Dante's movie 30 years ago. It's quite a topic...and quite pertinent too
MAGA America.
This movie would’ve been an interesting “what if” concept 15 years ago. Now, considering how divided the nation is….it seems like a dumb thing to release or just brilliant social engineering.
The guy with the sniper has ĥis nails painted , im assuming he is democrat/left in the movie....im fighting against him (manly men. Side)
A24 of all people making this, makes me wonder
This is the kind of story that should be told with a limited series, not a 2- or 3-hour movie.
Since when is California part of the United States.
Easily a $1b movie if they add Jesus.
Programing. Seek God and everyone pray because this is a spiritual war for real.
just a normal 4th of july celebration in usa
Nice Russian propaganda that is allowed in our open society.  God grant us the wisdom to see those who wish to Divide the UNITED STATES
Anyone calling for a civil war has zero understanding of what a civil war would truly mean.
It is an eventuality in the course of "progressivism" that intentionally tears down societal values. Eventually the values that held the society together are 'progressed from' and there are no longer the elements necessary to maintain peace. I know the liberal left does not like to acknowledge this. For the record, I don't think "MAGAtards" are all right either, it has obviously become a cult of its own too. But we must look to the ones holding power in society - the ones enforcing their idea of society via censorship across all channels in such a dogmatic fashion. That is not "liberal".
Totally unrealistic... I didn't see Captain America anywhere in that preview
I watched new ones from the UK, France,  Canada and USA.  Those countries have the  same propaganda and problems. It feels like a connection to create civil war all Westerns  countries  to reverse the culture and democracy in place. In the way to divide and rule.
One of the only movie studios I'm truly rooting for.
If there is a ruckus in America it will be absolutely nothing like this, what a joke of a movie that proves whoever wrote/directed etc knows zilch about the reality of how things are. Hilarious.
Reminds me of that one movie with Dave Bautista. And it was a great movie
Man didnt know elections in America had trailers
Not sure this is the type of mind conditioning our society needs right now.
If I die to a guy with painted fingernails, I deserve to not live in a scenario like this.
It's really about Christians vs. their fears. Religion makes dumb people content with being ignorant about how and why anything happens. If you have to fight for a god you're a terrorist.
We're not far from this.
Don’t mess with Texas.
Who really thinks it’s gonna happen We all know the English people has weapons of destruction It’s kind of weird if this is true who is in the trailer for Bordland
Trump and Democrats are taking us there 😢we need a new option far from the extremists
Texas is already ignoring the president.
This movie not only looks terrifying but appears to have decent CGI and GREAT audio.
Predictive programming
Ya. I saw that. Things keep going the way they going its on
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
I read this is really gonna happen
I hope it never has to come to a civil war. However, it may be close to time for certain states to secede from the union if it can be done peacefully. We just don’t have the same morals and priorities. Perhaps everyone would be happier, a no fault divorce situation.
Albert Pikes prophecy is coming to fruition. Period
A few years later, *it came up again* - Oversimplified
Hopefully, I get to see this more before it really happens!
No way us Texans join with California 😂😂😂
We don't need a movie when it's going to happen at any minute!  I'm not watching it's too stressful.  I'm so sorry for the people around the world suffering this at anytime.
Shameless to capitalize on all our problems because the masses are dumb enough to pay for it. Blatant evil
I want to make sure this remains in the realm of fiction before I watch it.  Might have to give it ten years.....
Who wants to bet the fault will still be on the russians or china at the end LOL
and the backrooms movie?
the nail polish tho........
Damn, i thought this was some new A24 Marvel shit
This is a scary concept. Film looks good though.
It's crazy how the 2 trailers for this movie, show completely different stories.
Texas and California aligned? get real
White people know y'all Donald Trump supporters we gonna have a civil war 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Most people don’t realize that there are more well formed and well armed malitias ready to go any time now then you would ever imagine. Thousands and thousands of well trained separate groups. More arsenal than most entire other countries militaries. This isn’t as far-fetched as you think it is. The leftist Statists have pushed people too far with their authoritarianism and this will not stand.
can't wait for Spider-Man to show up
Wow the elites really want us fighting each other dont they? 😂
When It really happens I'll either be dead or on the battlefield because it's the only choices you really have unless you are willing to submit and be controlled. I did my part during Iraq I've seen it first hand ,and I know anything here would be so much worse than that was. The thing is though people hate each other that will never change. I personally have no faith in people. Simply because people are still animals and savages when all the luxuries are taken away. People generally are petty selfish and ignorant. We as a species tend to always think we're better than that. We are not a person's shit will smell just like any other animal so no pine scent here. Like it or not it's how it is. Fact is we are at the top because we evolved to be predatory animals.
Some of these comments almost make you wish it wasn’t a movie
WAGNER MOURA LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO CARALHOOOO
Eat the rich, not your neighbor
Let’s go!!!!
I love that conservs think they would be anything but minced meat the second a civil war would occur. Gravy seals are nothing but snacks to real operators.  Civil war could never occur in this country. The only radical fighting force there is, is a bunch of lazy poverty losers with peashooters, thay are too cowardly to leave their own home.  Luckily, those people are dying off.
Subliminal messaging bs, if they wanted it to be effective, they could have at least made the two allied states believable who tf actually thinks texas would rebel with california 😂
With the political tension we have now in the US, I’m very curious to know what the civil war in the movie would be over.
I mean, if Trump wins, he will try to eliminate term limits for the president and if he loses the next election in 2028 (if he still has all his cognitive function.  Which I have my doubts.  He sounds like my senile grandfather nowadays) this will happen as he will have learned his lesson and actively support an autogolpe rather than passively supporting it.
Thx trump!
They purposefully set up our parties to blame one or the other on all the bad things, it's hilarious people still believe we have a party that cares about us when both don't care and don't want to end any of the crisis facing this country that's why nothing has changed. The cancerous pride people have for their party is what's ruining this country and will ultimately be the death of this nation
Trailer was a piece of shit
So basically left vs right. Anyone notice the difference. A soldier had colored finger nails and rainbow hair and at the stadium there were rainbow colors everywhere in the background like fading flags. So I’m guessing the main characters are woke and the movie will try to paint the right as (the bad ppl). 😂😂😂😂 these directors love painting the rights as bad ppl instead of sane logical ppl.
I'll say it again, Brian Woods ,"DMZ" vibes.  Way more than the official adaptation/ butcher job HboMax did.
This movie gets the south all wrong and conservatives. The ending is going to destroy a good premise because liberals don't understand outside the echo chambers of their cities
"This is a war to end all wars"
Our ancestors are rolling in their graves right now; they believed that they had fought for us to be better than this.
which actor will play a bald orange-face dictator that sparked the civil war?
My biggest issue is that states aren’t homogeneous anymore.  People move all over the U.S.   The whole state versus state or states versus the Fed doesn’t make sense to me.    I can see class wars, more like the French Revolution, or even Corporate wars of a kind before I could see anything that resembles the 1861-1865 conflict.  I am an Army combat veteran who primarily grew up in the SE U.S. and now lives in Texas.    I think the vast majority of the populace is simply tired of the radicals on either side speaking for them, and a government that doesn’t represent them.  Statistically, most people fall close to center.
Ron Swanson as Pres? Right on. 👍
looks great.
no one wants civil war, no one wants to watch their friends and family die in civil war on our own soil; its saddening the evil of tyranny has its claws so deep in our government and for so many people to feel that the only way forward is blood and death on a scale our homeland hasnt seen since the 1860s
Its happening right now guys.
This trailer definitely was better than the last one. I feel like this was meant to be the first trailer, and the other trailer was meant to be the second one.
Having the comments turned on shows us exactly this
The only thing that stops me from immediately panicking is Texas and California as allies. This is legitimately terrifying.
Only thing I hate about this is that it's fuel for people who wish for war and also for those insane people who are like "they're warning us!! Wake up"
this just doesnt look good at all
Do we really need this movie right now?
It's too late 4 civil war.  The Gov got energy weapons.  The only way to stop energy explosive laser bombs is 1 thing.  9 series DNA and the capability to manipulate reality.  The fact that the only 9 series DNA carriers are a race of people who were held back purposely and their history hidden is in America.  And the reason they were tricked. Brainwashed. And other races look down on them was strategic.   The only way to save or stop anything the Gov has is the mind of what u call, African Americans.  The only 9 series DNA holders , carriers. As bad as u might want to ignore it or denounce it. It's real. It's TRUE.  And its needed.  Wake up.   The ppl u were trained to think less.  Ur probably reading this and immediately shutting down the possibility of it.  That alone proves my point.   Ladies n gentleman.   U have been lied too.  Wake up.  Disclosure will blow ur mind.
P R E D I C T I V E  P R O G R A M M I N G.
this looks so dumb
These movies only falsely educate the reigning ignorance in the country  that chaos and destruction is completely normal. It separates ideologies and motivates a lack of respect and love of the same country. Thumbs down . We have enough of that crap.
Garbage. DOA.
America is already at war with itself. Nearly 40k killed last year by gun violence.
Thanks joe biden and all worthless politicians
This seems irresponsible, like inciting violence. I hope it's not.
This is what Biden wants
Its not an A24 movie without a weird jizz scene. I wonder how they are gonna throw one in.
If you see alliance between Texas and California, you know it's sci-fi
Alright A24, you gotta bring this to Indonesia
Movies are boring. Life, now that’s thrilling
Hollywood doing it again?
This is the downfall of A24, going mainstream. At least we still have neon
texas would never allow commiefornia  to side with it
I don't even want to support this movie
It'll just be Austin to have an alliance with communist california.
about time this was made.
After the first trailer I was excited to see it, now? Not so much.
This has been done before it’s called the purge, get new ideas people!
Of course this is a movie/show about how Conservatives are yet again the bad guy. Typical left wing developers using media to subliminally manipulate the audience. This is made to desensitize us into believing civil war wouldn't happen here. Even though we are getting closer and closer.
Civil War 2: The fat one.
This film shouldn't even exist right now, let alone come out in April.  Producers postponed the Interview but not this?  Why not, lets put bad idea's in peoples head during a national crisis!
This is a better Civil War movie than Captain America Civil War.
Predictive programming???
We already did this and the secessionists lost. Also if the goal was to critique current political divides in a constructive way they wouldn't be writing California and Texas as the two in a secessionist alliance. Yet another movie whose only point is gratuity from some amoral lizard person.
Keep dreaming commies, ain't happening in my Merica.
I think the ripple effect from the United states falling would be irreparable or at least really fucking bad.
This would never happen for many reasons. American government wouldn't have the commitment to th as they may think. Americans are loyal to America. It's the silent majority the government fears most. It wouldn't be a civil war it would be a war on politicians.
California has to hope Texas and Florida side with them because if they don't its pretty much over for them.
Disgusting
Donald Trump and his puppet master Putin would love, love, love for this to become a reality. Vote anybody but Trump in 2024.
Warisan Tocsin
Red states would win because all the blue states will be full of libtards.
Holy shit, Pablo Escobar lost some weight!
So you're the bad guy if you want to voluntarily leave a union you voluntarily joined?
Leave it to Hollywood to touch on a horrible nightmare for us all. Crazy how we went from no talks of war 3 years ago to now civil war and ww3.
This movie looks corny af.
This is the best movie trailer I've seen in a loooooong time. Conveys the vibe very effectively, yet doesn't reveal any story information - they really don't make them like this anymore.
just make a movie about the president of El Salvador !
Rich vs Poor is the war we need.
Just a reminder that the T.V show Jericho was cancelled  after season 1 hinted at a civil war. BRING JERICHO BACK!
My only complaint is the trailer itself. It hit all of the cliches down to the whistling quietude to buoy The action. I had to start laughing immediately
That's what they want people killed each other, but we got some that they don't which is hard ❤❤❤❤ to show up
What's the PS3 level quality of smoke clouds?
Wheres captain america?
The fact Hollywood allowed a movie on such a controversial subject to be made tells me it will be very pro-left and pro-government. Not worth watching.
Who knew A24 made documentaries?
inb4 this movie becomes prophetic years in the future
lots of scenes of military maneuvering, not so much of any characters, character interaction
This looks like the steroid version on a shitty Mexican movie called Nuevo Orden 👎
why do trailers of various eras always have to follow the exact same formula? it's so boring
It’s nice to see real movies being produced instead of endless marvel shit
At this point in our economy, I believe the fanatics will take this film too literal and actually start a real civil war. Regardless worth a watch cause A24 legendary.
I have teenagers, and unfortunately, I think they my see something "like" this before they pass. (
looks like a trash movie, which it likely is.
Really, do we have to make a movie on this topic, really?
Ashkenazi filmmakers are brilliant.
This isn’t a movie I’d feel comfortable watching in theaters lol.
Looks awesome!
I am on the side of the Americans. Texas and california.😂
What scares me is people trying to moralize fiction as if it were real life. Then virtue signal on social media as if their mental gymnastics prove something
Beautiful
Liberals want a war sooooooo bad but they cant even get in shape without ozempic or some other drug. Losers all.
Yeah they not hiding nothing from us now
Is this a documentary?
Great, lets glorify civil war now. Get the morons riled up.
Obama Biden is the true enemy
Вставай Техас, вставай мой край родной 😢
Alex Garland doesn’t understand the difference between Californian & Texas politics. Or he just didn't want to offend anybody 😂.
"2025 will be my year" 2025:
Real war by this time next year. Doubt it will look a lot like this though. It will be random fights here and there while everyone else just tries to keep on with their daily lives. Then the WEF will step in and "fix" it. Bam. No more land of the free.
G@y movie
What's with Americans obsessed with weapons and destruction? Can't just people love and care one another?
This movie should not come out. Very irresponsible
Best documentary ever
'"Texas and California" HAHAHAHA
Why does military is killing innocent civilians
2% of the American population was killed in the Civil War. If that were to happen today it would mean 6 million would be killed in the fighting alone, not even accounting for the starvation that would ensue when all of our commerce comes to a halt.
I hope the story has China and Russia rolling in Red Dawn style after a period of time cause that would be part of this scenario
The truly sad thing in all this is how few people out there will understand the meaning behind "In theaters April 12".  Someday they will make a movie about a North Korean attack on Hawaii and will label it "In theaters December 7", and nobody will know the meaning of that, either.
Civil wars based on the 1860s
I’m only gonna watch it just to see how unrealistic it is
Ain’t no way Texas gonna be friends w/ CA
Let them fight! Dr Serizawa Godzilla 2014
Will Paimon make a cameo appearance?
It’s actually civil war 2 yall need to learn some history before naming this just civil war
why do I feel like im going to be rooting for the bad guys in this movie?
You lost me at "Texas and California" lmao
Why do I get the sense this is going to paint rural people fighting tyrannical federal overreach as villains?
Tim pool dreams has come true 😞💔
I'm beyond shocked they included California as a breakaway state.
This is not cool.
Wow the liberals really pulled out all the issues on this one.....
This is going to be more anti-white, anti-Christian, anti-second amendment garbage. Turn easy from this trash and turn to Christ.
Wagner Moura você é GIGANTE
Thumbnail looks straight out of a clickbait channel: "Snowflake teen can't handle a little war" in big yellow letters
This trailer just made me postpone my suicide
Isn't Kane Pixels doing a movie with A24?
obsessed with this movie already.
Sorry, but its liberals pushing this country towards a civil war by their masters. Ever heard the expression "useful idiot"?
I don't understand. Why do people hate this movie? It looks fun af. 😂
More like a teaser I’d say
What’s so civil about war anyway? Axl Rose
Anyone wishing for a civil war is a weak godless soul. How boring and bitter must your lifes be for you to wish something so horrendous upon your race?
Why soldiers got painted nails🤦🏾‍♂️
I love how our film industry has the right to just be like, “hold my beer.”
Im afraid to go down in the comment section
Bro this is _so_ cringy and trash. 😣
Florida probably wanted to join and they said no thanks.
Ignoring what the movie’s about for a second, I feel like this has the potential to be a classic and a period piece showing how contentious politics in the 20s are, if it’s done right
Im so scared of Blompf becoming president again I literally cannot stop shaking. I had to quit my job.
Predictive programming from a bunch of soulless sellouts. Bring it, many more like me who will fight to the end
I have a feeling Meth Damon (Jesse Plemmons) is going to be awesome in this flick
Hell yeah, nothing like gringos fighting gringos for making gringos great again.
As a Fargo fan, kinda nice seeing a little reunion here for Ed and Peggy Blumquist and Karl Weathers.
Kinda want to see it. But not if the shitlibs win.
Looks great but that whistleblower is fucking obnoxious!!!! lol
I knew somebody would scratch this itch soon enough. It's a conflicting feeling, to distract or entertain myself with this stuff.
Only hollywood would create a film depicting America slaughtering itself during election year. Can you say propaganda film.
Civil war starts, rural folks cut off road access to big cities.  Hunger sets in, cities surrender.  War over. This has already started in New York THIS WEEK.
A24 making a blast💥
They should rename this movie: Putins Dream
The division is looking pretty cool
Crats would hide behind Republicans
1:11 that's a provocative image
I remember that show Jericho ended with a cliffhanger as Civil War was about to break out between the California republic(that wasn't actually their name in the show) and an alliance between the East Coast (original US govt) and Texas. That was like the key plot point through that season was convincing texas to choose a side because their manpower and resources could tip the scales in either sides favor
Fun fact, the states have the right to succeed despite what the federal government wants you to think. The 10th Amendment says that any powers not given to the federal government nor mentioned in the constitution are supposed to be decided by the states. Succession is not mentioned in the Constituion therefore the States have the right to decide. If a state decides to succeed the Constitution is supposed to protect their rights. The first Civil War wasn't a major rebellion, but rather a war between two different countries.
very timely film. I mean, the tanks haven't started rolling yet, but the fissure between rural and urban america is huuuge right now
I whistled the WHOLE soundtrack. This was my big break thanks for all the support! Follow me for more whistling.
No way in hell Texas would be aligned with California
This is porn for Trump and his sycophants
To avoid being tooooooo spot on they should make the war about a split in the USA of which is the correct terms ----  Orange Pop, Orange Coke or Orange Soda. Right now USA is just one step away from "what kind of American are you?"..... 2024 the question takes the form of    What kind of Democrat/Republican are you?
Waiting on the live action version to drop... Fkn political extremists driving this country to Balkanize
From the comments, you'd think people want this to happen.
The US is so divided at this point that a civil war within the next 2 decades seems more or less unavoidable. I lived a few years in the Atlanta area back in the 90's, and sure, Democrats and Republicans had heated arguments, but they could still be friends and fine neighbours. Today it seems almost impossible, am I wrong? I mean how are you guys supposed to be objectively informed when all the major news outlets are so hardcore left or right?? Your division will only grow more and more extreme until it all explodes...
absolutely tasteless and classless.... all of the people affiliated with this should be ashamed of themselves...... to even put theses visuals and ideas in peoples minds...... A24.... i hope you financially suffer for this.... you've gone too far. civil wars are not entertainment....... they are tragic events that some countries go through and should be handled delicately not gratuitously like trauma porn.
this is not entertainment.... this is sickening
We need a governmental overhaul. It’s been 80 years 😅
Predictive programming much?
Wow #1 on Trending. Looks kinda heavy handed, but Alex Garland is making it and he hasn't missed.
You know big gov did something really bad if both states of Texas, Oklahoma, Montana and Arizona teamed up with California, New York, Washington and Oregon.
bringin part of that mw2 campaign to the big screen 😂🔥🔥
Revelation of the method.
If there was true civil war all our families in the army would not back up the government
Sure... why not..?
I would rather see a movie what a Civil War looks like in CCP China. Lots of Chinese citizens are not to pleased with their government right now, and they have a draconian brutal regime. So let's make a movie about that war room scenario. "Your President Biden and there is a Civil War in China". You are currently taking a Nap, and your handlers are afraid if you speak you'll say the wrong thing and are considering evoking the 25th amendment on you. Shhh Don't Wake Sleepy Joe!!!"
A24 posting every movie trailer Meanwhile:Maxxxine-....
I refuse to believe Americans would rebel against President Ron Swanson…
Looks like America’s wet dream
Not enough trans, poc, or lgbtq+ or minority actors. This movie is not realistic enough (he said sarcastically)
lol the people saying we need a civil war couldn’t even handle Covid when things where shut down. All they did was cry like children
This is NOT what a real Civil War would look like just like Jan 6 was NOT a real Insurrection. We could go into detail what a real one would look like. This movie is a Propaganda movie. Of course the movie features a former Speaker of the House, a Progressive Feminist Woman, who is a leader of the Insurrectionist forces in this movie. The character is named "Mancy Delosi". She has Dementia and is mentally and morally unfit for office, has a Simp for a Husband, and the media uses 'Gratitous language' to speak salty about her.
Coming to a neighborhood near you
This would also be the moment other countries strike against the US. Maybe that's how it ends...
Amazing
So Modern Warfare 2s, wolverines and whiskey hotel mission the movie
Texas secede? Possibly. Florida secede? Possibly. The SOUTH in general (S Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana) plus the WESTERN STATES, possibly. But CALIFORNIA secede? No fkn way!
why would they release this ahead of 2024. Disgusting profiteering
Governments act just like abusive spouses.
Isn’t creepy how future events are often scripted in the entertainment industry?
The racially motivated civil war will begin Tuesday, November 5th. I'm Hispanic, rednecks want to kill me because of my genetics. This is real. I've taken screenshots of people saying that Donald Trump is Jesus. Other, slightly less crazy people, claim that he was sent here by god. This is extremely serious. I saw this coming years ago. I've made the necessary preparations and I will do what I need to do to survive this. Please take what I'm saying seriously.
Ah yes, the classic case of religious people killing in the name of their peaceful god.
They want us to have a civil war.  That’s the main goal of all the things going down these last few yrs. They are dividing us to be literally us against the other. We are forgetting that the government is controlling us into fighting against each other. They are promoting a civil war. We are all falling right into their hands.  Once a civil war is at hand and we are divided then the government can begin with the marshal law and kill us all. Divide and the government will concur us all
This trailer is miles better than the first one not gonna lie.
It would take a lot for another.  I believe it would be the people against the government.  I say American citizens wouldn't shoot American citizens but that's happened waaaay too many times by military, government agencies and police.  People just doing their jobs they say.  Just taking orders and collecting awards some of them.  Some of them actually DO NOT care.  Unfortunately sat in on some conversations that shined some light.
Could there be another civil war? 🙁
I wonder what Trailer 3 has to offer, I'm expecting more action in this trailer.🔫
China: lets go fellas.
This is how many of us foreigners unironically view America lol
Such an Interesting trend in movies as of lately.
That whistle was fucking annoying
Pass...I'll just wait for the real thing.
This looks absolutely insane. The budget on this must be crazy.
When it happens it will be Republicans vs the evil democrats.   Allegedly.
Texas and California are like water and oil. However, we all hate Florida so I get it.
I really hope this movie is going to demonize the notion of Americans killing Americans and not glorify one side over the other. The hatred some people have for our own countrymen and women needs to end.
If we did end up in a civil war another nation would no doubt seize the opportunity to Red Dawn us
0:02 yiiiiikes.. that sound edit 😖 so early in the trailer too
Why does this feel like it is preparing us for the real thing?
At this point I'm just moving to Brazil not sticking around to deal with this country's BS
Putin's wet dream.
Does this have a sliver of a chance in the hands of A24? Can it be anything but WOKE?
🤨Ya know.....Folks forget that the horrific nightmare of the Vietnam war wuz actually a civil war that drew several foreign nations into its madness -- like the u.s.!! It only ended after the killing of millions - mostly of Asians. It destroyed, or severely damaged the lives of millions more. Plus, it wuz founded upon a lie, spawned from greed (most wars "R" ).          It is the ugliest of wars because it is all about neighbor hating neighbor, families hating family members, and here in amerika, it would mean christians hating - and slaughtering - fellow christians. Even after a civil war has ended, the fratricide it engenders lingers on for generations, knowing no end, twisting hearts and minds into unrecognizable mutations. The amerikan South, for instance, still hates "Yankees" with a passion.         Civil war isn't about justice, righteousness, or even liberty. It's all about killing, revenge, and more killing. No one wins a civil war.....not even the victors. And especially not all the young boys who will be destroyed - physically, and emotionally - by fighting in one.  ---101st Airborne Division, Vietnam '66 - '68
All the gun horders, trigger happy, 'dont thread on me' individuals dying to have an excuse to devolve and massacre their fellow man smh
They forgot to put the slogan correctly  from river to the sea
Blessed are the peacemakers. Bible.
It's 2024 and not a single drone in a movie?
As a Canadian I’m curious to see if Canada is even mentioned in the movie. And if Canada IS mentioned I’ll be excited! 😆
Where is Ironman?
Barack obamas sorry ass ...  is one of the producers of this movie . That should tell   Everything you need to know.. It makes me sick to see anyone ..Willing to make a movie about a Modern Civil War in the United States. Especially to release it during a election year. When Americans are more divided than we've been in decades .  these people should be ashamed of themselves. This is horrible period..
Jurassic Park is more realistic than an alliance between TX and CA
Only one I see possibly doing this is Texas and in that case it was be the entirety of the US vs TX
See also: Bushwick
That really wasn’t a trailer tho, was it…
Here we go Hollywood selling fear
The South : gear up!!! The North : wait let me get my phone, this war must got million likes The South : get more ammo!!! The North : nooo, the wifi is gone
The best concealment is attained through the use of neon hair dye and fluorescent fingernail paint.
Zzzzzzzz it looks ok...
this is going to be a guilty pleasure movie, like watching Two and a half men
We know this is trash because it takes a real idiot to think California and Texas would ever be in an alliance
This is my most anticipated happening of the year and oh yeah this movje looks interesting too.
Glad to see we’ve got a great documentary 🙏🏽🙏🏽
Who's here for the Florida Alliance?
Looks fun! Can't wait!
So is Hollywood gone get tried for treason or we just cool wit it?
Lol in the real world this would all be over in less than a week with a few quick drone strikes on the US side Calitex would have to surrender.  But, that's what fiction is for!  Looks funny, going to definitely watch it.
Make no mistake. We are all on the same team, And the greatest attack on our lives would be any ideology that pits us against eachother... like the one thats lasted the previous 4 years
MK Ultra predictive programming
I just love reading conservative d bags crying about this film in the comments
Theatres gonna be filled with over-weight, middle aged men with beards and an American flag no less then 20 feet away from them.
Texas and California on the same team? A “badass” sniper with rainbow finger nails? What in the name of baby Jesus am I looking at here?
I fear acting may be a thing of the past.  People with no social skills ALL sound like they're reading when they say their lines!
I better watched this if my chances to witness the fall of america in my lifetime were small.
"Only the dead have seen the end of war" Plato
Am I the only one amused by a so-called alliance between Texas and California? Texas would more likely align with Florida.
nah if this fr happens im jumpin back over the border
So in this scenario is Nick Offerman character a dictator or Wht?
The craziest part was that the blue hairs had guns.
MAGA porn.
Still bs that Grey state will never be a thing
As tense and unstable as things are in America right now, it's a VERY bad idea to release a movie further reinforcing what everyone's already thinking is now inevitable.
Leave the World Behind and this... They want us to turn on one another. And we will.
They just had to go there.
Can’t believe Ron Swanson caused the civil war.
I hate this. Is this funded by Putin or something? Dumb. Even if the moral of the story is that a civil war wouldn't be worth it, this will serve as Revolution Porn for MAGA hats everywhere.
CIA Psyop: The movie They're not even trying to hide it anymore
I think people misunderstood, it's the forces of Texas and California, two different countries, that joined up. Not that Texas and California are in some union. Hell we allied with the Soviet Union during WWII, so it's not only possible but likely they could fight a greater evil.
why does this look so overpolished my god man
This must have bigger budget than all previous a24 movies combined
I loved Ex Machina, curious to see what Garland does with this concept
That’s the dumbest shit ever ! Just like the Thanksgiving slasher film 😆
Sniper has painted nails, tells me all I need to know about it this woke project 👍
This what MAGA and their orange traitor wants.
This Scenario (aside from the Texas California Alliance jokes).  Would be a global economic ending crisis that would expand into a complete collapse of stability.  In the vacuum created by the loss of American economic and military power;  regional powers would move on their smaller neighbors.  China would move on Taiwan, its own economy would begin to collapse without access to American markets and the security of global shipping currently managed by the American navy.  Russia would move on its neighbors in Eastern Europe.  Israel would loose all its American aid and it would find itself facing neighbors who aren't worried about American intervention.
The MAGA crowd's wet dream.
One Nation, Under God, INDIVISIBLE!
I know it’s a movie, but it kinda hurt seeing the monument get hit like that.
I feel like this would've benefitted greatly as a series but I'm still down for the movie
Give this trailer credit it did not spoil anything major.
damn A24 a news network now huh?
I hope this isnt going to be a scifi that actually turn into reality
I don't believe it will be states that secede so much as it will be areas that break off once it no longer becomes possible to maintain a strong centralized government due to an economic collapse. I think it will be cities versus alliances of large rural areas.
What’s this? The Purge part 10? I guess folks haven’t had their fill yet.
Hope they include California and the Western alliance being invaded by China and Russia or funded by the Chinese/Russians and what's left of the Union getting support from the EU and NATO.
Though DC will likely be nuked out of existence because of all the ongoing enemies it creates.
Foreshadowing
I think movies like this are super important if they show us just how awful and f****** stupid this would be
The MAGA wet dream , except California definitely won’t be the for the red hats/gold sneakers
"Experience it in IMAX"  "Or...wait a few months and experience it in real life!"
Come on in!!!!🥃
They always tell us what will happen before it happens.
Looks kinda cringe
California only has 5 round magazines so they won't last long.
Im on Tony Stark side.
More garbage to push mentally deranged people into the streets .
A24 doing a documentary on the January 6th Capitol attack  This should be good
Idk how I feel about this 😮
It’s terrible that propaganda has made Americans think that there will be civil war. The real war should be revolutionary. Americans against our tyrannical government.
Well...... This is sorta horrifying. We sure this is the best time for a film like this???
its amazing that A24 are already making documentaries about the post Election......
this movie can tell you what war really looks like in are world if this happened with california and texas
“Trail of Devotion”
I already cannot suspend disbelief.  Texas and California would never work together.  Maybe if they were two separate secessionist governments it would be believable.
Oh wonderful, predictive programming. God save America.
20 seconds in and I was sold!!!
I can see a civil war breaking out in the comment section.
Ok so y’all remember that game far cry 😭🥱 welll technically this how it started
Paid for by George sorros and the corporate technocrats, the deep state and the dems dumb enough to buy into it.
Where's Captain America and Iron Man?
Is anyone really itching to put themselves through 2 hours of this...torture porn?
Civil war 😂. People like to talk about it but it sounds so impractical. Which regimens are going to turn on each other and how?
As a Brit in the UK……what could have been and what may happen…..keep the Trumps of this world out of power please. Looks awesome and scary true.
I think this film looks interesting, and I hope there's some commentary in here as well. It almost feels like a horror film in a way.
This is scary. I've seen what civil war does to a group of people.   Somalia is still struggling with theirs more than 30 years after it's start.   Rwanda is still struggling.   The soviet union wrecked Eastern Europe.   165 years after our last one, there are still the hints of angst.   This scares me
Oscar Nominee for next year, I can already see it
“They tell us the truth in movies but tell us lies in the news”
Might as well make another purge movie
I may catch flak for this but I'll probably be subconsciously routing for the Florida Alliance lduring the duration of the movie lol
Propaganda incarnate
A24 this looks incredible
Keeping America the land of the free (literally)  is coming down to something very similar!
I can't wait to see this, but I know they're going to blame me for it. Conservative God fearing whacko is what they label me as, among other things.
Journalists are the villains. Never forget that. Journalists are the enemy of the people.
The only realistic way the US would fall is from within. That is why this movie could be considered in the horror category.
It was Russia who caused this, wasn’t?
In reality something like this would get shut down quickly. 99.9 % of normal people would never participate in a evil thing like that.
If the 2024 election is rigged and stolen once again we may not have to see this movie in theaters.. We’ll be living it.
1. Those are U.S. military personnel? Illegal for the military to operate within borders, even in civil war. 2.  Why would the military fight? That's their family and friends xD stupid concept
That's whistling is quite eerie, I love it.
I like chocolate milk.  I mean I really really like chocolate milk.  Thing is, I can't make chocolate milk.  I don't have a cow.  I don't know how to make chocolate.   I depend on a free and open society where the people that do have cows, and know how to make chocolate, are living in peace and can freely make lots and lots of chocolate milk. - Maybe you aren't a big fan of chocolate milk.  But I'm sure there's something out there you love.  Something that depends on an open and fee society.  America is the great place it is, because it's open and free.   Pretty much every good think in your life comes from our open and free society.   If you don't believe me, visit North Korea.   Or China.  Or Russian.   FYI, none of those places have a 2nd amendment.  Or a 1st amendment.   Which is exactly the kind of authoritarian country we'd end up with if we went through a civil war.
Finally a promising movie from the MCU
The whistling of America the great was a bit much
Predictive programming:.. that’s all this movie is.
Don't get too excited.  Thankfully, this wasn't written and directed by Mike Judge.
This is going to be the film of the year
This movie has it all wrong. Texas would never team up with California.
Movies like this are only strengthening the divide between people... Keep it up morons..
Wow a new indie movie 😊😊
I can’t wait for the Honest Trailers parody of this as a “This is Us” series finally 😅
The predator class want this war SO bad. Divide and conquer, turn brother angainst brother.  Boycot this trash film.
The NRA and gun companies wet dreams. A movie that will cause up sales in guns and ammo.
Reality would be like a group of 1000 people agreeing to the Civil War. It would never get to this scale cause most people just don't care that much about succeeding in the U.S. It's a nonissue that is pedaled by the U.S. media to scare people into voting for their favorite politician.
Kirsten dunst gonna die, im calling it. 😅
I never thought I would hear the words, “Florida” and “alliance” in the same sentence, much less put together to describe one noun, but I am all here for it.
obviously going to be amazing since it's A-24. they never miss
Kirsten Dunst as Matty Roth
I dont need this movie i need a sequel to Leave The world behind….
Why push this civil war agenda?? All this does is weaken our society.
I predict political cringe
A modern civil war would be an absolute slaughter.
Let me guess.... all the Democrats in this flick are rational thinking normal people and all the Republicans are violent raving psychopaths 😂 ... Yay Hollywood
'Someone's trying to kill us.' Great writing. Seems borrowed from alien invasion stories where confusion is the point. Not sure you can translate that into civil war stories were the enemy should be obvious.
Watch this while you electrocute us all or what Evers going on
Jesse Plemons is in this you already know this shit gonna bust
Maga
They are telling us what's coming. God has given me MANY visions & Prophetic dreams since 2014 of the coming invasion & fall of America aka Babylon.  Please PREPARE. It's NOT fear mongering but God always warns before He acts. Get ready NOWWW.
Kind of wish it was only Texas.  Why fight? Let them go.
Garland knows how to make a gritty, intense flick. Fuckin stoked.
this is quite stupid
This is narrative seeding. Elites want nothing more than this, divide and conquer.
In the 80s, we feared Soviet Russia, and that's why Red Dawn was so unsettling. Those fears soon dissipated with the breakup of the Soviet Union. Hopefully, the idea/fear behind this movie, the reason why it will probably make a lot of money, will seem trite in a few years.
America by Christmas if the 2024 election remains Biden v Trump, whoever wins. Pick better candidates.
americans, you are all lived last 200 years in peace killing million people around the world. now the world has changed, so your government decided to change your life
Looks like a good documentary.
I don't believe Garland's directing a movie about American modern civil war and A24 producing that. There must be something else bro it looks cheesy af
I don't like to entertain these kind of ideas, god help everyone from me if there ever was a civil war.
How topical
0:27 💀
WAGNER MOURA IS GONNA KILL IN THIS MOVIE
Alternative Title:  What The Globalists Want
Team Captain America all the way
Is this the sequel to “Leave the World Behind”?
Just your average gta online server
Would be nice to see it come to the theaters near me, but than again it might be coming to me with no need to go to the theaters to watch haha
don't give these MAGAts anymore ideas!!!
I’m just interested to see how California and Texas are working together.
Damn the new "Battlefield Civil War" game looks good.
I don't want a Civil War but I would gladly take Ron Swanson as my next president..
Matthew 24:6-14 You will hear of wars and rumors of wars, but see to it that you are not alarmed. Such things must happen, but the end is still to come. Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. There will be famines and earthquakes in various places  People we must turn to the OUR Only GOD! LORD JESUS CHRIST!  Repent your sins, pray, read the bible and make him the only things in life that is worth living for and then family. When the day comes to be judged and you either gotta go upstairs or downstairs. Are you ready? Believe in him because he is the only way. Be ready
"Experience it in IMAX"  "Or...wait a few months and experience it in real life!"
Is this about slavery again
In the first 30 seconds, this trailer dropped "Florida alliance", "Texas alliance", "Cali alliance" and a sniper with painted nails. Mad
Ты откуда, американец?
This is really awesome
i dont get it.. like  is this about a second american civil war or just like some sort of  mysterious terrorist  group?
Can I see a map of country in this
I'm sorry... Texas and California??
everybody gangsta till martial law is declared
Dumb
It's funny to me, a retired Military Intelligence official, that people find this "unrealistic" because California and Texas form an alliance and fight for the same side. Anyone who shares this view clearly doesn't understand how and why alliances are formed. Texas and California are more likely to form an alliance than any other state combination in real life, since both have a common goal of becoming independent, produce a combined majority of the country's GDP, and also, in this event, they share a common enemy. Where again is the confusion as to why they would work together coming from? For those of you claiming it’s because of cultural differences, I assure you, their leadership is not so narrow minded that they would give up such a strong potential alliance because of cultural differences. Example US - Soviet Union in WW2. Nobody said they have to stay allies after independence is achieved.
I wish 😂. Let’s do it 🎉
When Joe Biden out pizzas the hut
Directed by Tim Pool
Btw I live in California.  Ever was a war. I’m with the people.  That includes my neighbors and cops and medics.  The criminals I would not stand next to are politicians .  The devils in sheep’s wool
Two states could not bring war to the USA. This movie is nothing but maga wet dreams.
Liberals will be calling for civil war when TRUMP beats biden this year. MAGA!
Secession isn’t illegal😂 states have that right. lol okay dictator US
I’m a Texan and it’s goofy that we have an alliance with California in this
This looks like my hometown's action in athens.
This is a joke right?
🥱 needs T & A
You'd think Texas and Florida would have been part of the same alliance lol but ok
I don’t fear the millions of armed patriots amongst us all. I fear the armed leftist liberal because they have no restraint.
Ron Swanson has become what he swore to destroy.
how will this trailer convince anyone to see this movie?  who are the characters for us to care about? what's the story setup?  leaning hard into what you think is the audacious notion of modern America in civil war and the resulting military spectacle is not enough
It’s crazy how liberal democrats are now the party of war, aggression, censorship, regulations, and violence.
I liked the first trailer better. Should be a good movie
Civil war is bourgeois fantasy - a french revolution is coming
This in no way depicts the reality of a “civil war.” There are not this many tactically proficient people in our general population. In reality there would be a few butchers and A LOT of meat.
This is sure to be a shower thoughts scenario power trip to try and make one side look like the good guy and the other to look bad.
Fingers crossed
Sooo basically it's a conservative wet dream?
fake and gay
Lmao Hollywood trying to play both sides?  California would be with the United States. Is Texas and California alliance is comedy/fiction of this movie??   Texas, Florida, Kentucky, states like those are most likely to be aligned and getting their asses owned again.
Chumpers are creaming their pants for this movie😂
Imagine if the movie Civil War and the Civil war opened on the same weekend
Hope it’s a good flick with thought provoking concepts than just a gun bonanza and pure red red red meat.
Ngl this feels like fear mongering
"All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting."  George Orwell
This is a warning ⚠️             *Says a basement dweller*
Sequel to Captain America vs Ironman
Oh my lord for let the truth unfold , for when I am gone
Hey look left wing porn!
I will not see this movie. America is in a cold civil war right now.
F this movie
Based on the trailers, it honestly looks like unionists and secessionists would both be really excited for this.
The flag with the two stars,is that the western forces of Texas and California  or a different force?
Where can we enlist?
Did y’all hear about the men recently arrested for planning on going to the border to kill illegal immigrants and border patrol in the hopes of triggering a civil war?
In other words Trump 2025
Sniper with green hair and painted fingernails is telling me this is another woke shit show.
Democrats commercial! This movie sucks!
Maybe one day. Not soon but it’ll probably happen eventually. Every empire falls
May this never happen
Democrats with guns winning a war or even a battle 😂😂😂😂
I already know it will be amazing
First trailer made it look wank. Why's it actually looking pretty good now?
Eh, with 48 mass shootings since 2024 began (1 FUCKING MONTH AND A HALF) an actual civil war wouldn't feel much different for you 'muricans
I want this happen in real life. Lets go america. You guys can do it
This is closer to reality than we want to believe
I hope they at least have the realistic approach of a foreign government trying to take advantage of a weakened america in order to take over. That should at least be a cliffhanger ending to the movie.
If you don’t understand why Cali and Texas would unite you’re part of the problem look deep look between the lines  and look at history
this looks awful, im so excited
nice documentary
0:15 - Do a Barrel Roll! 1:09  - The Beast👍
I feel like this is a bad idea, you’re just going to give everyone ideas
This honestly looks like a great movie. Unfortunate how topical it is, though.
Somehow I feel this start to unfold come elections 2024…
Although it may not accurate because of the California and Texas alliance but I’m still interested of watching this film.
I am so excited for this! I’ll wait till it streams 😂
There was a time when no studio would greenlight a movie like this
Coming soon to a town near you 😃
A24... of course.
Everything that I wanted to say has been said in the comments already, but I just wanted to bring attention to how intricate the detail is in regards to Garland's depiction of present and future technology.
Could be this generation's Red Dawn
a sniper with blonde aire and nails painting?...... yeah pass
Why is a California and Texas alliance so hard to believe California was a republican state for almost a decade when Arnold was governor.
vamo que vamo wagner moura
well is it even interesting for someone who isnt unitedstatian? trailer ate 22'': hold my beer
Alliance between Texas and California? the writing of this movie is going to be terrible.
LOL as if Texas and California wouldn't be fighting each other
Ready for this
"I hope this film isn't too political"
wish there's a sequel after this
Racists wet dream.
No thanks, I can see this unfold on twitter everyday.
Wow how did you get permission to do that to the Parthenon?
Them preparing usa 🇺🇸 with this film cuz that's the government want create in the real life with inmigracion peoples
Interesting that they use the InfoWars font for the logo.
I'M GONNA VOTE FOR BIDEN SOOOO HARD THANKS TO THIS MOVIE 🏳️‍🌈💖❤️❤️‍🩹 THEN BECOME A JOURNALIST THX RUSSIA
The government hates you
They are getting the sheeple ready for war in our country. The country is being invaded and no one seems to care. And before you leave me some stupid comment.  Look up the shipping ports the CCP own in America.  Also look up Club K Missile systems.  Get ready.
Government kills his citizens... Madness. Under the russian trailers of this movie, I often read how my compatriots wish both conflicting sides in the film victory, i.e. mutual destruction. We have no less stupid anger than others. And I know that everyone needs peace. It's terrifying to think what will happen to the world if a nuclear power disintegrates. Don't let your leaders become such bloodthirsty madmen as the president of my country, Putin, became. Peace to everyone! And let powers collapse only in movies, but in reality people only unite. 21, February is my birthday. I wish... Life. For everyone.
I’m not seeing a plot or a story behind this trailer.
If we actually had a civil war it would be conservative gun owners vs people who cry when theyre misgendered 😂 WONDER WHO WILL WIN
Yeah Texas and California. Don't think so. Scriptwriter must be from another country Not to far fetched. The democrats are turning this country into a third world country. Go ahead and laugh. Since they have been in power last three and a half years, our communities have experienced an increase in crime. No respect for law enforcement ( migrants beating up cops). Here in California kids in their cars take over major intersections to burn rubber. Smash and grabs and shoplifting without jail time. Homeless all across the nation.  It's a mess. Tired of it Civil War....maybe if it doesn't get better. We are tired of it all😊😊
Imagine writing a whole movie about a civil war without having the slightest understanding of political divides in the country.  California and Texas.  Lol
The song should have been...this land is your land this land is my land
Separated THEY win united They lose. They are trying to separate us while they continue their crimes.
Woke Vs. Chud
Looks insane
And this film 🎥 is being released during a turbulent election year; this year. 🤔🤔
everybody gangsta till martial law is declared
Wagner Moura has a very Brazilian accent for a Mexican character... but it's not like he cares about the veracity of his accents anyways lol
"It's not about brainwashing or indoctrination, the goal of propaganda is to control what you think other people think"  -Rob Henderson
Remember everyone, this is only a trailer to a movie. But, it does look awesome!
stay strapped or get clapped yeet yeet skeet skeet
Love the Director and the cinematography, but too much CGI warfare.
lmao they blew up lincon
so this is a documentary?
No empire failed to fall in the past.
Jan 6rs be like  *WRITE THAT DOWN!!*
As a non American I can see California and Texas joining together.  Both have enormous economies, high population, both have political strongholds based on political preferences, albeit different preferences both have strongly protected.  What if the Florida alliance is a para military trying to get rid of the middle class and rich old people so they can hunt their iguanas in peace. Texas and California realise they can create a new union with more state governance but mutual foreign and defence policy so their respective populations can live the way they want to.  Watching America in this scenario is like reading about European history in 1848
Is this a documentary from the future? Cool.
Am I tripping or are they whistling “O Canada” anthem?
what’s so crazy is all the MAGA Call Of Duty cosplayers in the comments pretending like they wouldn’t get merked in days if this actually happened
Why does this scare me more than any horror film ever?
Tim Pool is raping the like button right now….
A24's documentaries are the best!
12 April everyone! Should've released 1 April
Waiting for this banger here, in Russia🇷🇺 And I’m not about the movie😁
Trump supporters be like:  *WRITE THAT DOWN! WRITE THAT DOWN!*
Every MAGA red pill Tate bro is wetting themselves right now
The thing is we Americans has misconception of what a civil war really looks like because we had no frame of reference of a true civil war.  The American civil war was not a true civil war because you didn't have 2 warring factions fighting for total Supremacy. The south was fighting a war of attrition in hoping that North would eventually back off.  I have friends who survived the First Liberian Civil War and the Rwandan Civil War the horrors stories that they tell me is wild.
California and Texas would unlikely be allies in real life. But I bet you they put California in there so that they don't make one particular state look bad, but we all know which states wants secession from the country (hint: conservative states).
If only I knew what it was about
It would be such a mess.  All the sheep would be sitting around staring at their phones wondering why they aren't working and can't charge them.  They would be sitting in their houses starving because there's no food.  I know this because I have already seen it.  I have relatives who ran out of food and internet went out, and this is how they reacted.  They just sat there.  A lot of people would die just because they don't know what to do if they grocery stores go down, or the grid goes down.  The greatest casualties of a civil war in the U.S. wouldn't be from actual left vs right (or w/e) combat.  It would be the millions who die just sitting there for a week or 2, then going out scrounging for food and probably fighting and killing each other over it.
The Democrats finally started the Second Civil War? Nope.
Trump's America.
Very sad that this is even a movie. Horrible.
shitty arse movie
I don't know which disturbed me more, the idea of a civil war or the alliance between Texas and California 😒😒😒
When you see male soldiers with painted nails in the trailer it makes you really not want to go see the movie, Probably the most annoying character also.
This is gonna be a turd.
so studio executives wouldn’t release “ the hunt” because of the current climate of our society so they think that releasing this before a major election is a good idea?
Everyone bashing and saying the military would win doesn’t understand guerilla warfare. Korea, Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia. Perfect examples. Also I’d bet more than 60% of the military would join and not fight their people. Things to take into consideration. Lots of vets and gun owners who practice.
People are capable of understanding both the horrors of war and its necessity simultaneously.
I like how the guns make the charging noise any time they're pointed. Because, that's how guns work...
Lord this movie is probably about to piss a lot of people off 😂
What happened to MJ
Finally, a movie based on a future civil war between *Woke freaks* and *right-wing lunatics* 😄 Civil War in America is inevitable, the hatred is beyond repair. Neo-Nazis marching in Nashville while Redneck Revolt Club in Rhode Island said we are fully prepared to respond if necessary 😂
I think this movie was created to intentionally stir the pot, not entertain, it’s just a stupid plot in every way. I spit on it.
A24 you rock!!!
Peak cringe detected.
The first trailer was much more epic than this second one.
conservatives/patriots vs liberals/domestic terrorists. thats easy work for US who loves this country!
I hope it ends with what would truly happen: us being invaded by other countries ready to capitalize on our stupidity.
It was about time that someone made a movie about this. The first timid attempt was a Joe Dante's movie 30 years ago. It's quite a topic...and quite pertinent too
Where's Ironman and Captain America ? Geeez
I have no doubt the US military would slaughter millions of us. Same attitude as Israel as its essentially the same peoplle running the show.
watching this as a non american is very eerie because this seems like an actual possibility
Civil war would be a final hell.
Heck yeah
Was anyone else wondering why the final shot In this trailer is what it is? It was just a weird shot to end on, instead of the bigger more meaningful explosion right prior to it.   I know it’s maybe an uncommon thing to fixate on, but it was just a weird shot to end with lol
I loved the part where California and Texas shook hands and said, "Its civil warrin' time!"
The fact that it's A24 means this will be done with a level of tact that no big studio can muster. I'm sure it will both vilify and humanize everyone involved.
crazy to think that some people would rather have an evil government control their lives than have a civil war
Wait...Where's Cap?
Yeah, hell is gonna freeze over before California and Texas team up
I don’t see how this is helpful
Is this what you wish for A24? You want to visualize the nightmare for America that all its enemies are hard at work trying to manifest? Are you an American company or a shell funded by terrorist organizations?
Mostnppl would not be prepared or know what a next civil war is. Yet u have far right folks calling for one ,Yhey just dont understand what it truly means and is. All i can say is god help us all. Thats a world indo not want to live in or be around. Lets hope that does not happen ever
This movie is gonna be dog shit bro
We all know whos gonna win.
Everybody is hung up on the Texas-California alliance bit, but consider that these two states, different and opposed as they are, already have some of the world's largest economies on their own, and combined could go without the rest of the US
Ilhan Omar shall be transferred back to Somalia. Inshallah.
This is dumb
Ah yes The January 6 in the eyes of the left.
Not dumb enough to be believable.  Real life is much stupider.
What melody the guy is whistling?
Your premise lost me at CA and TX working together. Also if CA, TX, and Florida seceeded together, the issue would be so universal there'd be no war.
I refuse this programing. They won’t divide us that easily.
This is what Marjorie Taylor Green means when she tweets "We need a national divorce"
This is not a very good idea, is it?
Skyrim belongs to the Nords
Was there a laser involved? 🙄
Sounds 0:53 like a dog-whistle for terrorism
I’m so excited for this movie because A24 is predicted the future 🔥🖤🇮🇳🤝🇺🇸
This is so disgusting and irresponsible. Never watching an A24 film again. You have no idea what you are doing and how this is going to be used. No doubt created by a Gen Xer trying to stir shit because caring about anything is cringe.   God I hope we survive you all. I hope we can make a kinder and more considerate world.   And for those saying that's not possible, you are the reason it is not.   Absolutely dispicable.
I'm a pretty huge fan of Alex Garland and really excited to see what he brings to the table in this film.  If there's one thing he does better than almost any other writer/director around, it's sustained tension.  Not sure what the last shot of the trailer is the last shot, though.  Weird, boring choice.  lol.
This looks like, if Escape From Tarkov took place in America .
So will there be war crimes in this movie, or is America the shiny city on the hill that somehow doesn’t do mess up stuff during war?
For those saying California and Texas cant even be on the same side well bad news if you live under a rock there’s a thing called elections that take place
Just seems a little too real right now tbh…not something I’d wanna see.
i'd hate to see it cause it would be ugly - at the same time i can see where some feel the government is over reaching into the states with carbon tax coming global warming schools our kids are not coming out of school with an education its sad - we all of our loot goes to enrich others around the world as we watch our children's shot at experiencing something like a civil war - its sad. its just a movie i know at the same time we cant ignore whats going n with china russia and Iran its our kids that will put life and limb on the line - we vote to send democrats republicans  to dc and be an echo of our voice but as soon as they get there we are forgotten.
What an amazing concept for a five-minute short.  Oh, it's a feature-length movie? Uh, okay.
I love a good movie. This looks great.
Every Trumpers wet dream
Damn, this documentary has slick visuals and a big budget!
The civil war is already being “fought”. But it’s all online & through control of media platforms… There’s never going to be a left vs right war in America with soldiers and weapons. Most of the Left doesn’t even know how to use a gun let alone an assault rifle. And all of them who’re of military age already believe they’ve developed PTSD over hurtful language from mean online bullies…  But they’re going to fight in a fucking war now!?!? Give me a break LOL
The fucking whistle....
The way they have the different alliances makes 0 sense
There is just something about the whistling in the background that gave me the chills. 🥶
Like a sequel to leave the world behind
Where’s Gerard Butler…?
Nice... finally a movie based on a future civil war in the USA which is inevitable *Woke freaks* versus *right-wing lunatics* 😄😄
I can't believe Nick Offerman would star in this utter nonsense.
I don't like this I am sorry. I wanted a funny parody the first trailer brought, this seems like "yes this will be a serious war simulation too". Its the same tone betrayal that we just got with The Regime where it went from interesting satire to full blown zany. I don't want a war sim about how we would kill each other, why can't we just have peace and stop poking the bear? A24 is supposed to be an independent humanist studio that is not trying to be sensationalism, while this seems like redneck trash stuff. I would rather if this was funded by Kickstarter, I would know the intentions of the filmmakers were serious.   This film is done by people who are genuinely intelligent and the chance this is programming and propaganda to poison our national discourse is a lot higher with A24. Its like give a weapon to an intelligent man, they know how to headshot, give it to an idiot and they might shoot themselves rendering the damage moot. I am worried this movie will be too smart for its own good and create all the background info needed to have a real Civil War.
Everyone so upset about them releasing this film is so fucking hilarious 🤣🤣
So the Deep State would rather throw the country into a Civil War then give up their criminal power. Good to know. They will lose anyway.
This looks hilarious, my favorite still is the sniper with the rainbow nails 😂
50 million likes
I try to tell people this. It won't be a gentleman's war where we meet on the battlefield. It'll be men who dont like you coming into your town and taking you in a truck down the road to be executed. It'll be door-to-door grudge-letting. There will be no police. You got a pistol? They got a rifle. You got a rifle? They got a posse. You cannot imagine the terror it would be. The most accurate and chilling thing this movie gets is when the militia man says "What kind of American are you?" THAT'S how it will be.
America's Nuclear Triad during all this: "Aight I'mma head out"
Nah, pass.
The chosen are at it again...
Garland and this cast are goated. Dude always has incredible ideas and executes them so fucking well. Couldn't be more excited.
Wagner is Amazing!!!!!!!
This is whats gonna happen if Biden steals another election. Americans will only tolerate so much corruption
So corny
"Experience it in IMAX!" lol more like "experience it in real fucking life with the way things are looking!"
This movie looks more like the apocolypitic movie 2012, fun but totally ridiculuous
Leave the world behind part 2?
I’d rather watch blossom. Whoa
You know the director isn't American when they have the President say "citizens of America" instead of "My fellow Americans".
I'm a bit concerned that this film won't be viewed as a cautionary tale for many people who might see it...I think a lot of MAGA/2A cultists and proud/boogaloo boys (they certainly do act like boys not men) will think this looks like a prophetic/exciting scenario.   Those people have no idea what they would be sacrificing by adding real violence to the ignorant political tantrum they are currently expressing.  It would plunge the nation (possibly the world)  into an immediate Great Depression, kill 10s and possibly 100s of thousands and take at least a couple generations to recover from economically.  Oh...and the side supporting fascism would lose badly in the end.
3/4 of a million people Died in our last Civil war. How many will it be this time?
I didn't know how i felt about this movie until i saw that tomahawk missile turn the Lincoln monument into dust. That's some scary imagery. I'm pissed that this could happen, and people want it to happen. I don't care if this is predictive programming or not, this story needs to be seen.
This movie might actually be fire
In reality Half of the army would desert and join the other side 😂
I can't wait for this cringe Hollywood propaganda to completely get everything wrong and horribly misrepresent the current political discourse because these Hollywood elitists don't exist in the real world.
Looks like purge movies
America is the Roman Empire 2.0
Ok, there goes my ears.  I’m not sold on this project, to be honest. Looks like a generic action war movie.
Why would anyone destroy the Lincoln Memorial? There is no political group in America to whom Lincoln isn't renowned.
things go BOOM! Me want to see things go BOOM in da movie!
Alliance between Texas and California looks out of reach but the old saying goes," desperate times calls for desperate measures".
“War is sweet to those who have not experienced it.” - Pindar
The backwards, MAGA, Christofascist states Versus The sane states.
Gravy seals will be in attendance
guns n roses - civil war... will be played?
Nick Offerman as the president is a phenomenal choice.
Russia and China celebrate ... what a dumble funk
They have to tell you what they have planned so you can be aware.  What you do with that information is up to you.  Some things you cannot outrun.  Put your Hope in Jesus, not this world.
Florida alliance and western forces? So texas and florida bumping heads? Dam, If i was an alien and this was really going down. I would float down for a front row seat
Hopefully not a Hollywood propaganda film showcasing Civil War during 2025-2030 Trump years.
Great, maybe this would force the USA to pull back on their murderous, genocidal foreign policy. Free Palestine 🇵🇸.
No one would ever destroy the Lincoln monument
We are our own worst enemy.
A realistic "civil war" in this country would be absolutely insane.   There's no battle lines, no distinguishable sides, no places to "conquer" or hold, itd just be random death and destruction  A potential "civil war" scenario would be a band of religious extremists (like an American Christian version of isis), just rolling into places and killing civilians and attacking power stations for reasons even they wouldn't fully understand, while the military (national gaurd) is implemented permanently on the streets in high target areas, where their presence and government orders for safety would be twisted for requirement purposes from the terrorist cells roaming the country.   There'd be food shortages, medicine shortages, gas shortages, black outs, police departments would be stretched too thin, fires out of control, wanton destruction, killings, rapes all on a grand scale. And the more our government would try and establish order, the more paranoid and panicked people would become and turn against them, leading to pure scattered chaos across the country.   Nothing would be gained and the war once started, would never truly end.
Let me guess: in this movie the characters who are white, straight and right leaning are bad and the left leaning characters are all good, right?
amazing, would love to see this play out in real life lmao
You know what happens if this actually happens? Red Dawn.
I like Alex Garland but this feels exploitative.
Dmz!!! Brian Wood and Burchelli!!
doubt this will emboldened any nutjobs
That sniper really had neon painted hair  Wow so realistic even
I don't think Cap can save us this time
.... from enemies foreign and domestic.......
And how many Americans died during the first civil war ?
This Texas and California thing has to be a joke between the writers
while this movie does look ridiculous, i am interested to see how it turns out and will most definitely be watching it
I'm annoyed this film has been made.  It gives the psychos in this country ideas.
To put it simply, this looks stupid. Thanks Google for putting it on my feed
This is going to be the best film in the last 20 years! hope it turn to real life
A24 js a disgusting pile for releasing this movie as a money grab during times when this country is at its most divided. We don't need our fiction playing out our reality. We can all watch the news if we need a reminder of how bad this CAN get.
Does anyone else think is a stupid and dangerous film to produce?
Shit is too real, feels uncomfortable to watch.
👎
The cringe is next level
Citizens of 'merica
2025 when Trump wins in November. 🤣
Turns out it was all just a big misunderstanding. After someone explained it properly, everyone understood the mistake and stood down and became friends again :)
this is  cringe
Hell yeah. This will be a good film.
I hope this movie isn't just propaganda. I hope it's more like the Hunt. Where they show their are crazies on both sides.
I'm increasingly doubtful the characters and plot of this movie are seen as valuable to the producers and marketing department as they're now just trying to sell it as pure action and CGI.
How did Alex Garland go from Ex Machina to making something that looks like it has all the subtlety of a Purge movie? I’m actually impressed at how awful this looks
damn this movie is going hard considering the current situation
0:53 MORTARMAN DONT WEAR GLOVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If America were to have a civil war, That opens the door to the South American Cartels, Russia, Iran and China to come on over and take a piece of this giant country.
The rest of the world would watch this war on TV with popcorn on their laps.
Lmao imagine watching this movie made by a Jew in London😂😂😂😂😂🪳🪳🪳🪳🪳
This summer, what if, Jack Bauer didn't save the day.....
I work at a movie theater and have seen this poster up for weeks and just was uninterested by the poster but seeing this trailer- I’m watching this.
Narrative seeding in real time, folks. Pay attention but not too closely.
For a million reasons, I'm glad that people are befuddled by Texas & California because if a film was too direct an analog, it would be simplistic and not at all enjoyable. It actually makes sense this way for it to be an eerie alternate reality as opposed to the one you expect 🤷🏽‍♂️  In any case, Kirsten Dunst is always epic so if nothing else, I'm looking forward to another banger performance, since she makes like 1 film every 2 years. And this is not a role I've seen her in & I already think her range is gobsmacking so... bring it on.
As a native Texan, believe me when I say an alliance between California and Texas is not as farfetched as you might think. If a president were ever to (as I assume the trailer implies) extend his/her stay illegally, either state would have grounds to secede and the other wouldn't be far behind. The demographics are nearly identical across both states - massive liberal cities, huge conservative rural voter bases. Independence is every small-town Texan and rural Californian's dream, and an illegitimate concentration of power would definitely convince the large liberal bases. We have a lot more in common that either state wants to think.
Now imagine a trailer scored by Childish Gambino's "This is America"
Will Biden command from the basement?
Wray a "strange" time for this movie to come out.    If you do not beleive society (world wide) is a program you will live and die decieved and stolen from.
even if alex garland doesn't have anything particularly unique to say with this movie, the straightaway approach will still be something to behold
Looks like a Nolan Film.
Election propoganda
Strangely enough my biggest question here is: Avant Garde? Was that really the font choice? Why the alternate on the A and not the matching one on the W? And in neon green? SOMEONE CALL THE MARKETING DEPARTMENT I NEED ANSWERS!
wtf, where iron man and other heroes
Ayyye boogalooo wooo
Welcome to your future, America.
This is civil war this is OUR war
_a m e r i c a    t h e    b a t t l e f i e l d_
this sorta gives the same vibes as Red Dawn did back in 1984.  cheesy, over the top, but kinda fun anyways.
God bless these Divided States of America before this film becomes our walking reality.
This is the stupidest film ever marketed in the US...the Maga are already using this as a kink on Twitter. At least they took out the "shoot all Journalists" from the trailer...this time.. which Maga loved.. a24.. this is a disgraceful title and release for 2024..but you spent $75 mil..ah well.. 🙄
Americans are too lazy for a Civil War, shooting bear cans with an AR-15 in your backyard is not the same as wanting to die for your country.
Why don't they call it "Bad Taste" instead.
Коптеров нету, отстал фильм от жизни
They are preparing you people and ypu dont even see it. They  hope this happens when they steal 2024
We REALLY don't need this movie right now...
An actual civil war seems more and more like a real threat, and all people in the comments can think of saying is "Texas and California together?"
Damn this movie looks amazing 👏
This is what happens with Ron Swanson being president
California and Texas would never team up. Also this looks like liberal press/media’s wet dream. Not in this trailer but another.  And I’m sure this will have incredibly cheap, pandering vibes alluding to Jan.6th for all the TDS folks out there.
Everyone saying that the biggest part of the fiction is Texas and California uniting in common cause. I would typically agree, but then I asked myself what would the federal government do that is so heinous that it could unite California and Texas across the aisle and agree that the federal government has to go.
I don't think a president (especially a sitting president) has said "*these* United States" in my lifetime and I have difficulty imagining that a president trying to fight a secessionist movement would restart that trend.
I hope that in the end the alliances win and make the country great again because having a tyrant in office is unacceptable. We already had one tyrant and his name was FDR in real life. The illegal imprisoning of Japanese people, the illegal relocation of Alaska native Americans. In the 1980s America itself said that 40 years before he was wrong
Hollywood doing it again hahahha more propaganda
This looks like straight schlock and I might be here for it lol
Texas turns blue after mass migration of the left.  It's already happening all major Texas cities vote blue.  A war like this will leave us open to our true enemies abroad.
Civil War in title. Civil Way in description
INSPIRED BY DONALD J TRUMP.
A24 always reminds me to bat my chest I have chills
All the Ukraine footage that’s available and they think a javelin would do that?
When the movie is portraying the media and journalists as the good guys, you know it's a propaganda piece disguised as a movie.
I've actually seen  better trailers on low budget films on Tubi. Sorry to cast/crew, but this movie is NOT what this country needs now.
Divisive anti-American propaganda bullshit.
It’s weird seeing Narcos Pablo without chubby makeup in this, plus Mr. And Mrs. Smith. Not unrecognizable, but definitely the Leo meme 😂.
Guys with Guns the Movie
Predictive programming
A Putin dream made into a movie.
Best alliance for Texas and California would be for California to stay out of the way
Revolutionary war is much more likely, and already (very modestly) tested.   Texas allying with California shows how young the script writers are.  Believe it or not these kinds of films are financed in part - sometime sin large part - by serving politicians.  I know that because nancy Peolosi was a frequent speaker down at Sony and Paramount.  They know where the public get their ideas these days.  This is nothing more than thinly veiled pushback against the thinking, actions, and general righting of the ship thats going on in Florida.
I didn't know A24 made documentaries.  lol.
There’s something about seeing a war fought domestically like this that’s very very chilling. Excited to go see this!
Dumb confederate MAGAs.
Predictive programming 101
I need this movie already.
What I’m curious to know and am sure it’ll be revealed in the movie dialogue but how the alliance comes to form and the root cause of the secession….. this brings goosebumps with what’s currently going on in the political landscape of illegals immigrants and an open border. Granted Trump may very prevent this if and when he takes office again then closes the border. Hearing and seeing what’s goin on with these sanctuary cities, the real life prequel to this movie could very well be taking place as we know it
This trailer alone provides me with 70% happiness as opposed to the 30% the movie gave me haha 😂
Ron as President 😂
What's so civil 'bout war anyway?
Predictive programming.
I just watched A24's "The Zone of Interest".  I feel like they're doing their part to remind us how sickening war is, now that we're fresh out of living memories of WWII.  "Civil War" is bound to drive this point home for any decent American who isn't just another terrorist.
A24 had a nice run
Im gonna tell my grandkids this  movie is about the recount in florida.
"But Texas and California would NEVER unite!" Well, actually Texas can barely keep the heat on in the winter and CA (outside of it's big city politics) is made up of people from everywhere - CA gets most of the transplants from elsewhere (it's where all of the homeless from hot/cold states go for sure) but most CA has LOTS of guns they just don't talk about them (constantly like soft-ass red states do)
Down with the Union!!
I know I still care about this country when I squirm at the Lincoln Memorial being blasted by a tank.
Maybe the reason there is an alliance is because the lefty extremists like Antifa  from Cali, Texas and Florida are the ones seceding and coming together to fight against the other states.
I’m more wishing for a zombie apocalypse
The CA+TX flag design is lazy particularly bad for active conflict, it can easily lead to friendly fire
maga republicans just raised a hard on in salute
Having journalists as the main characters instantly turns me off.
There was a scene in Blackkklansman where the White supremists were watching The Birth of a Nation and cheering it on as if it was a factual documentary of their past. I can see this movie serving the same purpose for the people who have been openly calling for Civil War in America.
Kino of the highest order honorable members.😎🔥👌
That's why it's important too fight just bc u think it wont happen trust it will if we dont fight they always keep warning us stay safe 🤷🏽😩😭
If Leslie Knope is not the Vice President in this film I'm going to flip out.
this will happen after Trump dies
the states would have become the united states of the south if we wanna keep it real
This looks so trashy
Americans get so amped for this sort of thing. The ultimate Gravy SEALS fantasy.
Make me thing of a 1997 book called « The Foundations of Geopolitics: The Geopolitical Future of Russia » that says Russia should «introduce geopolitical disorder into internal American activity, encouraging all kinds of separatism and ethnic, social and racial conflicts, actively supporting all dissident movements – extremist, racist, and sectarian groups, thus destabilizing internal political processes in the U.S.»
Texas and California were the only logical options when picking an opposing “side”. Picking one over the other wouldve immediately made it a pro-left/right film in certain peoples eyes plus they’re the countries two strongest states in terms of economy and political power, together they could be an actual force. It’ll be interesting to see their explanation as to how they were able to set aside differences and come to a decision of secession tho
An honest advice to my fellow allies from the US: now should be the time to unite against tyrants like Putin and Xi who only wish for such a civil war to happen. Put your fckn political differences aside and start getting sh*t done instead of making such an international sh*tshow with your election campaigns and all this "these Democrats" or "these Republicans" BS. There are loyal allies around the globe who count on their friendship with the US, isn't that something you're proud of? As the polish president said, "Ronald Reagan would turn in his grave" if he would witness how Trump questions NATO, the biggest geopolitic accomplishment since WW2. Trump isn't a Republican by heart, he is a useful idiot for the russians. Why tf can neither the Dems nor the Reps have decent candidates?
The prequel to this movie should be called "January 6th: Insurrection"
Lol. The only civil war would be the people vs. the government.
Trashy
Anyone getting the feeling that this movie is being made for the same reasons Contagion was made in 2011?
So disappointingly generic and detached from reality. Either you have the stones to make this real or you don't. Any civil unrest in the US in the future is not going to involve "secessionist" state governments. Anyone who thinks this is possible has no idea how powerful the federal government is.
If a civil war broke out the biggest problem would be the gangs in the cities.  They're already there and they'd take over.  The forces keeping them at bay would be wrapped up fighting their own country
The film makes no sense. The US Government has a thousand times the firepower of all of the weapons in private hands combined. Plus there would not be a clash of armies and the Government would just blockade rebel areas so that they could not get water, electricity or food. That was not possible in 1860 but it is easy to do today if the Government really wanted to. This is just a stupid movie playing to people who have a simple understanding of how things work.
Everyone is doubting a Texas-California alliance, but according to a recent poll, Texas, California, and Alaska have the highest percentage of adults supportive of secession. In a Texan-Californian alliance scenario, both states wish to leave the union, both states need allies, and their primary enemy would be the federal government. There's no real reason why they shouldn't ally themselves and help each other gain independence.
Who would team up with California? 😂😂
yep
Should have released this trailer during the superbowl. It was the perfect event to market this movie.
Imaging paying to see this propaganda slop.
A24 cookin'
Both political parties will use this as an example to support their agendas
Oh great! More fear mongering!!!   This is so stupid. Let’s have a movie about coming together please!
What a "coincidence" LOL
Democrats losing again!
Dog shit writing. “Someone is trying to kill us, we are trying to kill them”. Please leave the movie industry
Trump supporters 😂
Jesus Christ don't give them any ideas.
This is closer than you all think.
I love the lime green A24 logo mimicking the soldier’s hair. This movie is gonna be sick
Out of any combination of states.
What will happen if trump doesnt win
This movies does look sick. If done well, could win some serious awards. I do appreciate how they set the sides as a true to life war between the people and the government. Not to choose political parties.
Lol Of course they made journalists the protagonists
Ngl a civil war would be kinda cool
This looks like the unofficial sequel to Leave The World Behind…
Whatever happened to respectful disagreements in politics?
i fear the other robert evans probably laid it out better in the it could happen here podcast, but i liked annihilation, ex machina, and i love kiki... so i will watch it.
This is not a Civil War trailer. I didn't see Chris Evans anywhere in this trailer. Fake news.
by looking of the trailer it feels like they used 0 vfx in this movie.
civil war is what happens in Latin America, taking out El Salvador, we are very young dictatorship, Venezuela, everyone is poor with a rich country, Cuba, another example is Argentina, so the lion god of freedom won 🗽🗽 Javier Milei, but unfortunately the citizens did not notice the votes. to vote for them in the first round to obtain enough votes to pass the laws and this or what I say. Due to the collapse of the country, we have undocumented people who take jobs away from 3rd generation citizens. Taking this aside is that undocumented people abuse the health system, education, train, ah, their families, grandparents, uncles, cousins, parents, and they also don't have the culture of the country. And neither does education and nor does it pay for everything they want from above, the third world war is about to break out if it hasn't yet, I think so and the worst of all is that the president's party plus the companies that are also from that same party party uses to lie or redirect the vote, that is one of the worst things that can be done, I am not saying that it cannot be done, but that it already makes you as a person worse than what comes out of the bathroom and also the seniors, yes the ministry of propaganda naz...... edtaria alive I would be very proud of you (ps is sarcasm)
I’m going to guess the sniper at 0:29 is from california💀😂
A Circle jerk from the MAGA crowd
Sadly, this is happening soon.   I would assume by design by global powers.  At 3:45 a.m. this trailer hits harder. Not in a good way.   Very worried for my kids and grandchildren's future.  😢 Just a movie, but border crisis make this a real possibilty.  😮
Theres a movie called Southland Tales, where an Antifa like group steals a nuke and detonates it in Texas, which leads to a government crackdown, which leads to a civil war between Republicans and Democrats.  Southland Tales is one of the worst movies ever made, and yet it makes more sense than this.
0:26 yooo nikon fe sure hope the camera is alright
This movie looks extremely stupid
Give em another Trump and ten years and this will become reality!
Peak Prophecy
0:26 is that wonderboy?????
Texas and Cali alliance?😂
im sure the movie will make a profit. A civil war wouldnt tho. If it did,  merica would be crankin away at it.
Not surprised the country would fall apart under President Ron Swanson.
Let me guess republican is bad guy?
This and “Leave The World Behind” are my top two scariest movies now.
Division 1 & 2 vibes like a mf
I feel like a more realistic depiction of a Second American Civil War would likely have the Western States from California to Washington on the same side but not Texas. California and Texas are polar opposites when it comes to politics 🇺🇸
How dumb.   The US military defends the US government. Not you or your dumb, goofy culture wars.
"What's so civil about war anyway?" Axl Rose
This looks exciting and yet sadly believable these days
Looks like a good comedy
Not too far from the truth.  United we stand. Divided we fall. Don't let them divide us.
Still very far away from something like that ever happening.
Am I the only one thinking that not having a needle drop for Guns 'n' Roses' "Civil War" is a missed opportunity here? lol
I cringe at the very thought of this happening.
This looks awful
Is it just me or does this look kinda bad?
Seen plenty of this on my time in Iraq. Our last call for instance was to the Ramadi Hospital because the Iraqi police and Army were shooting at each other. If one political party stays in power to long and the people feel oppressed it can happen anywhere. With all the weapons we have here and our media sowing devision everyday in the sake of ratings. We are a powder keg waiting to go off.
This proves to me we won’t have a civil war whatsoever
The out of tune whistling won’t allow me to finish watching this.
This preview had me really super excited to watch this movie…. Until it was apparent that it’s been largely fictionalized with Texas and California joining forces. if this movie was based on the political divide in America today, it would draw tens of millions more viewers, so without even seeing this film, it seems like a massive failure.
I'll skip the movie and just wait.
Nice documentary
That's whistling is quite eerie, I love it.
"Someone's trying to kill us; we're trying to kill them." That's describes a lot of violence in the world. Self-defense. You don't have a choice to be a non-combatant.
Liberal circle jurk
2nd Civil war -> unstable nation -> chinese/russian invasion -> no united states at all
I hope, with the cast, this is an open exposure of the corrupt US government in its current state, fighting against the real americans.
This will be real if we don’t wake up
A glimpse into the US future.
Just another jerk off fest spewed onto the big screen by hack writers and their diddler bosses. 🖕😑
Nobody should be calling for a civil war
True scuence fiction is that anyone would defend California
This might be the most terrifying movie of the year...it hits way to close to reality.
"The Fascist and Syndicalist species were characterized by the first appearance of a type of man who "did not care to give reasons or even to be right", but who was simply resolved to impose his opinions. That was the novelty: the right not to be right, not to be reasonable: "the reason of unreason."  Philosopher José Ortega y Gasset   _"The Revolt of the Masses"_ 1930
The one thing that I don’t like about this concept is the name of the movie instead of them calling it Civil War they could just called it civil or one nation
After all those years of the South trying to “educate” their good ol’ boys about our “Northern aggression” - they sure want to re-live that history again. 😂   It would just end up exactly like it did the first time around. We Northerners have our rep for a reason. 😎
This movie is either going to be a chilling self reflection on the inevitably of America's political future or it's going to be a cheap cash grab.  😒
Let me guess the one responsible or who will be blamed is a Trump like President right?
Wagner Moura?
In Alex Garland I trust.
If things continue on the boarder and Comatose Joe gets reelected again in another midnight shutdown vote count switch job.  This won’t be science fiction anymore and I suspect it will be Texas and Florida and 25 or so other states.  Let’s call them flyovers states.  You know where all the food and fuel comes from.  We must come together and not allow this to happen.  It will weaken us together and our foreign adversaries will take advantage of it.
There will be a Civil and Global war at this rate…
Interesting,but what is coming is far bigger than a "civil war",however one defines that term - and very humans on this planet are at all prepared. Hollywood will always just be Hollywood.
Can't wait for election day 😕
Fascinating. I’m excited to watch the movie. Just hoping this doesn’t manifest in reality for at least another (lemme check average lifespan for my demo) 40ish years.
Looks cheesy AF
Nice T shirt weather in the movie... That's not the way it's gonna be... It'll be winter time... It will be... Cold... There will be... other nations involved... Canada... Is going to have a drone problem... There will be giant hexagonal flying plates in the sky. They will not need tracer rounds... It will only be safest to move at night, and still won't be that safe... In the day the visual acuity of these things will be nuts. They can hit stuff as far away as twenty miles and not be heard. I saw these things tear into the roof tops of houses, killing the inhabitants inside. The shots fired to do so weren't really constant burst so much as surgical strikes. 3 to 4 second bursts at a time. Till they ran out of bullets and went back to reload...
I was a background extra in this!
It's A24, so, I'm hoping for great cinema and not some liberal nonsense that is actually creating a civil divide in the US.
Paul Verhoeven should've directed this
the dusk
Type of movie only A24 can make without controversy from crazy fans or cancel culture and I love it
a sneak peek into when trump loses (again) in November
This will happen soon! We will take over and you will all bow to us!!!!
Looks gripping, and hopefully not forshadowing...
They are getting you ready for it.
Probably some liberal brainwashing
booo to whoever edited this trailer
Another stupid movie.
Typo in description, Civil Way
I mean this will one day soon happen. It's inevitable. First a greater recession then this to follow. California & Texas together tho isn't how it would go down. But yea
This is going to do much more harm than good. Giving lunatics ideas.
If the orange guy is re-elected, something like this actually can happen!
Not gona lie..it looks dope
Damn... That whistles gives me some goosebumps.
Great movie for an election year...
Looks hilarious, can't wait!
Fucking cringe
United States Two Flag
For those who can'take imagine Texas and California teaming up   Why not?  Like king Kong and Godzilla, they have a common goal (succession),  not becoming best friends.  They have the largest military bases and national guard forces.
on my to watch list.
Looks dumb.
This movie looks dope
"Someone's trying to kill us...we're trying to kill them."   Y'know after the complete lack of effort to say anything of value in MEN, I'm glad Alex Garland decided to go back to smart and incisive commentary.  The tone of this whole thing, and that quote specifically, feels like a byproduct of American Individualism creating a rift in values. No one's really "united" anymore, regardless of the states physical location.
Predictive Programming
Wagner Moura and creepy whistling seem to go hand in hand.
Ron Swanson has finally abolished big government
The 2 states with the highest GDP joining forces?  Must be the $$.
The more i see of this movie. The less interesting it becomes
A civil war in the 21th century.... FRIGHTENING!!!.....😬
I dont understand why would California Join with Texas? With Texas i get it, they always has been i would indifferent towards US govt and has the rebellion attitude, also they were part of the confederacy. But California? They are more Union. Hope this movie will explain that.
I know its cool as a non American to see USA fall but an Apache will never fly that low and fire that ridiculous 50 Calibr LOL. Instead it be shooting a 30mm cannon =D. Screw USA love to see this movie but sometimes Directors need to learn about warfare
May god help you all. This gonna be crazy.
Man, I wish.
Where's MaXXXine???
The USA, 2025, probly. :/
This is giving off a Cloverfield sort of vibe, but the monster is a divided America. Ground-level, dark, grim, centering on civilians caught up in the fight rather than the soldiers themselves. I think that's a good way to approach it, the politics don't matter so long as they set it in motion so we can see the devastation from the perspective that matters the most, the common people. Soldiers are people, yes, but they're more goal oriented so you would get so caught up in them achieving something that if not carefully handled it would run the risk of being pro-War or pro-One Side. This way you're not in control of the story in any way, you're stuck in the chaos.
Please don't watch this. This is stupid and only meant to tantalize youth with the hopes of violent rebellion. Must have been written during the writers strike...
I'd never wish for a civil war, never.   I am increasingly open, however, to a 'velvet divorce' given how out of balance our democracy is.   California, with 50 million people, gets two senators, the same as Wyoming with barely 500,000. DC, with over 700k, has no voting representatives in Congress despite sending more in federal taxes than 20+ other states.  By 2040, a majority of the Senate will represent something like 35% of the population. The electoral college ensures we keep electing presidents who do not receive the popular vote.  Blue states send far more to the federal budget than red states who refuse to take care of their own people.   How can we continue to claim a common cause with states that will never cede power to the majority?
Mostly fiction as the bulk of right wing Americans aren't going to actually fight, but rather talk tough on Instagram and Tiktok, and none of these people filmed are massively overweight.
Soon..
wait a minute this isnt Pedro Pascal with magic child
CIVIL WAY
This movie is already causing me so much anxiety. I ain't even Amurrican
Yknow no political horror-thriller would be complete without some distorted rendition of the national anthem. It’s practically a cliche at this point. Hell the Purge did the same shit
Such BS a British director os doing this
So lame.
Dear A24, I usually love a lot of your movies, but WHAT THE FU*K? Do you really need to put THIS energy out there at the moment? Seriously tone deaf.
Texas and California be like: The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Will this movie snap people out of their division, or is this just more predicted programming? Im sure both sides will point the finger at the other and say it's the other side fault.
I feel like this one us ginna be hard to suspend my disbelief for 😅 Like if these Western Forces include Colorado you are insane if we'd ever join either California or Texas in anything.
I don't know why people are complaining about Texas and California being aligned; do you really think they'd make a movie about Red States v Blue States? Where a Democrat drone bombs a Republican militia camp? Really?
Wagner Moura S2
I don’t want to watch this from the perspective of reporters. I want to see a grand epic of nonstop war. Let’s see if we can beat ourselves
God i wish they would stop adding these clickity clacking gun sounds when someone points their gun at something.
Given the military resources outside of Texas and California, any civil war by these two states would be dealt with in time it takes to watch this movie. There are not enough people in positions of power who would go along with it. There would be too much infighting of the political, military and local command chains. There are way too many people. Each state would be a heterogeneous mix of fortified pickets of rebels fighting successionists. Some of which would military bases. Maybe I’m a future where the branches of federal government and its enforcement institutions collapse or are weakened. But it’s more likely that another country would attack us before a state succeeds. There are science fiction movies more likely than this.
Where is Captain America? 😂
Signs
😑
Wanna prequel? Turn on the news.
This movie won’t be biased because the journalists are the heroes in it
Looks well done but an off key version of America The Beautiful? Feels like watching a trailer for The Purge which cheapens and dates the trailer.
Igagine being so inhumanly bad at your job as a president that you got Texas allying themselves with bloody California of all people to kick you out of the office.
Pablo Escobar is in this??
alex garland is really something else <3
*pew pew pew!*  🔫 LASERZ 🔫
I guess now we'll wait and see how many future shootings and bombings were inspired by this movie.
Libz would lose 1000%. Too much soy
Sounds like texas will be doing most of the work lol
Trip sans, great font choice
California would never leave the union. Texas would at the drop of a cowboy hat
There will be no civil war in America. There are no men left to fight it
Leftist's Wet Dream; the Movie
I haven't seen any evidence yet that this film is anything more than rage porn.
Finally, a movie about Americans not causing havoc in a foreign country.
Oh. This is an A24 movie. I was hoping it would be good.
If the libs win this movie will be a joke🤣
I want this to be good so badly
Got Last of Us 2 vibes at 0:39
This I know for sure if ever a Civil War happens in America don't either side celebrate some other country will see the U.S. easy to take. Fight amongst yourselves, another country will be looking to finish this entire country off. Everybody envies this country to see it in shambles it's on to the next.
Texas will send their military veterans, construction workers, oil rig workers.  California will send their art-history majors, yoga instructors, and over opinionated Starbucks baristas.
A Midsommar Civil War at The Lighthouse. Hopefully Beau is Afraid.
Boy, you know it’s a crazy future when Texas and California team up lol
Ah the first corporate war. Stack up samurai.
Texas and California. Satire.
For anyone saying the real myth is Texas and California uniting, remember they’re the two biggest resource-producing states in the country and subsidize almost everyone else.
This is giving flashbacks to DMZ or MW2.
War is hell
Tim Pool is Going to be so stoked  🤓
The only time CA would align with TX is in a fantasy.
Hey gun nuts, I need help identifying that sniper rifle the dyed hair dude was using. It looks like either a SASS or Sig Sauer 716 DMR.
Man, i just finished playing Shattered Union on Steam and i saw this trailer. Bravo A24, i can't wait for this flick to come out.
This movie has a good idea but will be just talking and bullshit… dragging out to be a pile a horseshit. Best scenes are probably in a the trailer and these even look like shit. Talkin talkin and more talkin is all it’s gonna be.
This would KILL at the box office if Christopher Nolan directed it. The practical use of effects already look amazing, but imagine Nolan’s budget.
Average predictive programming moment
Booooooo why this ain't releasing April 24 2024. Damn you A24😂😂😂😂😂
THIS is a true horror film.
The fact that something like this could actually happen makes me want to watch this movie.
They're really trying anything at this point...
This looks fucking intense
To be fair, it's not that far fetched for Texas and California to be aligned. For starters, they are the only two states, given their population and resources that could realistically secede successfully. California alone has the GDPand population of a small country. Two, it's not unheard of for diametrically opposed countries to be aligned on the same side of a war. Look at the beginning of World War 2, Germany and the USSR. Third, combined, they have a insane amount of military bases on both their soils. If those are turned, that makes them more formidable then lets say Florida or South Carolina. They don't have to agree politically, but both Texas and California have long standing seperatist movements which would make an alliance make sense. It doesn't mean they'd continue getting along after the fighting was done.
Good, I hope this sobers up people that believe we need a civil war.
I’m still bummed that it’s not gonna be 3 hours long
I hope this is part of a trilogy or something, looks amazing
How bad of a president do you have to be get Texas and California and the  people to team up against you.
Alex jones saw this one from a mile away 😂😂😂 another tip to the alex jones was right jar
Man just looked it up this movie studio just puts out Netflixware trailer bait garbage. This will just be more low budget make a quick buck trash.
If people still think A24 is Indie I have no hope for them
If there is another American Civil War it will be won by the same people who won the Yugoslavian Civil War.  That is, no one.
Apparently, Florida conquered or annexed much of the south. Maybe the Mormons have taken control most of the states in the Northwestern US and Texas & California are both independent countries working together.
gotta say, i wasnt interested at all when this first blew up but this trailer was done a bit better. Might be a decent movie.
Yawn
This movie will be followed up by a sequel about how Russia and China invade the weakened and divided States of America.
Honestly that sniper scene would be a lot cooler if the sniper’s hair wasn’t dyed a bright color but cool scene
Maybe a civil war based on conflicting ideologies is inevitable, but given our current political climate this movie seems to be the last thing we as Americans need right now.  No, I have not seen it.
Looks far dumber than Leave the World Behind, which was beyond stupid. Without being too specific, another insult to various types of sane and rational people. Bet it’ll be just like the trailer - loaded with vague fanatical sensationalist nonsense, countless moral and tactical blunders, implausible scenarios, and a general lack of anything useful. You’ll likely be wasting your time if you watch this.
This movie not only looks terrifying but appears to have decent CGI and GREAT audio.
Propaganda film, the liberal democrat pupets in california like newsome who had chinas over lord visit california would want to be their own country. Texans are more republican and wouldnt want nothing to do with what californias dems want. The truth is both sides are full of shit and dont care about the people just their bank accounts. If there was ever a civil war it should be againts ghe corrupt gov that start these bs wars, and force their bs on the masses.
I just know the conservative weirdos are already freaking out over the one sniper's nail polish.
🤔 Anyone else feels that the early, subtle stages of a Civil War and an Invasion is already upon us ?
An alliance between California and Texas would be easy to dismantle. Just logistically, cut off California’s water supply for one - I’m fairly sure I read that their dependent on neighbouring states for water. Are Texas and California gonna annex New Mexico and Arizona? Cause if not they can’t really trade the USA can just blockade that. Texas could probably get easily blockaded by sea as well to cut off trade there. Likely wouldn’t be the longest war in the world. Also have a hard time getting behind California and Texas joining up… the films gonna have to outline some plausible reason for that. Also do we think Nick Offerman is just gonna be a Trump stand in?
i hope so much this isn't gonna be silly
Don't show this film to russians, otherwise they will start praying for it en masse!  This trailer is literally the personification of the wet dreams of Putin and his kremlin regime!
I have a feeling it's the liberals who start the Civil War in this movie not the conservatives. Either way I want to see this! April is too far away!
This will never happen in the US again.
If I see one more damn that alliance won’t work comment ima lose it. Stfu and enjoy the story
This looks amazing.
Trash.
🫡
The far left and the far right are often allies. See the Nazi-Soviet invasion of Poland or today the cheerleaders for Russia's attack on Ukraine. So an alliance between Texas rebels and California rebels is plausible. But I suspect that this movie will play it safely, not wanting to offend the woke left or the Christian/nationalist right. So we won't get a deep exploration of the motivations for the secession.
They are really pushing us, aren't they?
Whilst some get to watch this movie and then sleep peacefully in their beds at night, others have to live the movie and worry about not waking up to a new day in their beds after night.
Wow Marvel took a dark turn😅
Meanwhile China, Iran, and Russia betting which state is going to fall first.
As usual A24 killing it
This is a very irresponsible movie to make right now lol.
Imma be at Coachella when this drops 🙃
There is a good joke here about Ron Swanson becoming president 😂  That being said, I hope this is a decent movie or at least thought-provoking people complain about the California and Texas alliance   Ironically, they're usually the ones who are preaching unity. That being said, I do see this idea of a "mutual" alliance benfiting them if the president is hell-bent on going full dictator   2024 is gearing up to becoming an interesting time in history, so here hoping this movie is a part of it
The origin theory on film is amazing super heroes movie i skip for moment
A24's move to documentaries has been amazing.
One day the people will stand up and refuse to take up arms against their fellow humans. What would the govts/corporations do when the people just say NO?
This movie is the most Unrealstic world's in fiction there is no way that would happen Ron Swanson in government and shaved off his Mustache 😢
This may really happen with Trump supporters and the supporters of the Democratic side it’s sad and scary
Looks like trash
Yay! They're getting us used to the idea!
In an election year?  What are these guys trying to do? Make money?
Ron being in office is everything he stands against
this makes it look like the sequel to Leave the world behind
I am not looking forward to the election, no matter who the candidates are, cuz no matter what the outcome is, the risk of something like this happening will grow
This is a prediction of the next few years to come. But unlike the south this civil war is going to be a damn free for all.
Wagner Moura porraaaa aqui é Brasillll
Dog shit political propaganda to keep everyone scared. I knew A24 sold their asses out a few years ago and this is all the confirmation you need.
This Looks Entertaining Although Ir You Think We Are Anywhere Near Having Another Civil War In The Us?,These Days, This Feels Very Plausible. Alex Garland Is Dialed In And It Looks Excellent I Will Be There At IMAX No Matter
It looks cool . I mean it's obviously going to be some lefty propaganda piece focusing on some characters we don't care about buuuuuut. It does look cool. Will pirate.
I guess it's better late than never for Wagner Moura. Fantastic actor. Good for him
Beautiful
Hard pass.
Too much for me. I’ll watch it if there’s aliens.
Prediction at its finest
Can you imagine how good this would be if it were made back when movies were good?   this trailer doesn't even get me excited to see it.   I can smell the diversity hiring all over it.
This will be America is Putins admirer, I mean Trump is re-elected
The govt is priming us yall. This is gonna happen within the next 10yrs I certain of it
Where is Captain America to protect us all?
Biden threatened american citizens multiple times with drones and F16's and you guys cheered it on. How come you're all so afraid? Scared that the military you've been demonizing as "baby killers" aren't going to side with Biden's regime? Scared that the police you think are all bastards aren't going to come save you when push comes to shove? Well good, be afraid, be fucking terrified.
Dystopian movie fare to fuel the fever dreams of people who think a civil war will solve all their problems. Go to Gettysburg. Look at all those rows of nameless graves and imagine your children in them.
My dude is in a ghillie suit with painted nails.
It may be a trailer about what will happen in the coming years 😶
Extremely poor taste. Thats what this movie takes place in. Hands down.
Wow. Sly way for the government to just slide this in real quick, let's make sure to show the soldier with his nails done 💅  Americans are our own worst enemy right now. As long they cause more panic right before the election! 😂 Wokism controls Hollywood.
Liberal writers wanting Texas on their side. Nah, we coming for NY, Cali and all your trash heaps if this pops off.
Yawn.
"I do what I want." - Ron Swanson, President of America
When the movies become reality.
this should be renamed to "predictive programming". and its coming to your state and the entire US very soon.
Everything they show us is predictive programming it’s bound to happen we’re only being conditioned
You must've been a real terrible president to have California and Texas to ally together 😂
America has Fallen
This is either gonna be awful or awesome no in-between.
Rupert Murdoch would be proud of this fictional dystopian society.
Be warned everyone. The marketing team is probably hyping up the action scenes. Given that this is an Alex Garland + A24 film, this movie is probably going to be a slow-burn arthouse sci-fi drama. I wouldn’t go in expecting saving private ryan
i hope this movie doesn't take a political side
This is a Dem psyop against MAGA.
Texas and California may not necessarily be teaming up, they could just both be seceding/rebelling for their own reasons. The Florida "Alliance" vs. "Western forces of." Smh at people whose immersion is ruined lol. Get a grip people this is supposed to be fictional! But it's kind of scary because reality isn't far behind. Really looking forward to this movie.
Iraq,el Salvador,Vietnam,chili,Nicaragua…  All those country’s civil wars the US had a hand in it! Now its your turn to taste!
If Texas were to join up with anyone, maybe Florida but def not California.
SOON USA :)
"I don't need your Civil War. It feeds the rich while it buries the poor" - Axl Rose
Genuine sci-fi: Texas and California alliance
texas and california coming together???? thats how you know this movie is fiction otherwise, i am so hyped for this
Florida alliance? Y'all might as well surrender now. Cause it's over. Ain't no military that stands a chance against Florida man.
where is mia goth
🫡✨
So I'm pretty sure that's Abraham Lincoln's monument that explodes at the end there. It's sad how people today would probably end up rejoicing over such destruction. Well, some people, anyways.
Texas, and California would never be on the same side. But, we are not far from this taking place.
Well that looks incredibly stupid.
This looks entertaining although if you think we are anywhere near having another civil war in the U.S. you're def on online far too much and losing a grip on reality...
Can't believe it's not called Civil War 2. This is Civil War appropriation.
I hope spiderman shows up
this movie is going to create so many more preppers, lol
This is literally the plot of the Arcade Fire album “The Suburbs”
Coming soon , no , really , coming soon,
Idiotic. So idiotic.
Might want to check your description A24
WOW
Texas and California being in alliance actually makes sense. Both states have resources that are valuable and that both would need to fight a war. If both states leave, they’ll both be fighting the rest of the US and would need to rely on one another being able to fight a successful war in order to maintain their own independence. Both states partnering would give each state access to the Pacific Ocean, the Gulf, and the Atlantic Ocean, which would be key for trade and naval warfare. Both states are the two largest populations, so it gives you a larger fighting force than if they were on their own. And remember, if both states ever did leave, it wouldn’t be a Democrat or Republican thing. It would be the extremes, which at the end of the day want the same things.
Idk. I think there's something really unwell about our culture, that Hollywood would make a movie about this for entertainment and war porn, when this isn't a far off reality. Sick.
🐊
Do we need to set up an Underground Railroad? This Canuck is headed fer home!
On the 👃
I thought Ron Swanson hated big government smh
USA  1776-2024 RIP
Anyone calling for a civil war has zero understanding of what a civil war would truly mean.
Theyre warning us……
The Texas and California alliance is brilliant. When shit goes down survival makes for strange bedfellows. The sheer amount of resources that California and Texas have in terms of money, sheer number of people, arms makes it all make sense. I hope they lean into the amount of arms that gangs have and how that culture would align as well. It not only makes sense but would also show that a true Civil war, again would be about survival and not the color of your skin. This being said I predict that the movie will not be very good considering the types of movies AG has produced in the past.
Life will soon imitate art. Just as it always does.
What kind of Jewish bullshit is this
This would be beautiful to see in real life.
Florida wants to secede? OK.
Texas and California working together...now you know it's fiction,they are so good at advertisment that they're doing it irl so we can experience trhe movie full throttle,“What kind of American are you?” That’s the scariest part of this entire trailer
Anyone have any idea what caused the Civil War? Personally, I think that it was this President being a cruel tyrant.
I don't know man I just think this is a terrible time to release a film like this. Plenty of people watching this trailer saying to themselves "Boy do I wish". And considering they already tried this a couple of years ago, it just makes me a little hesitant.
Just wait till Trump or Biden win! And civil war will not wait after that)
As horrifying as it is to imagine The United States collapsing into civil war, I am higly doubtful such a probable event could even occur, much less escalate to the point of outright alliances between secessionist states. I doubt the many servicemen and women would betray their oaths and even if there was, I doubt there is much that they can do before they are either arrested or even executed for treason. The numerous alphabet agencies within The USA (CIA, NSA, FBI, etc) who already monitored their own citizens, would do their damndest to prevent such catastrophic outcome. No matter the reason for seccession. I just can't see a Second American Civil War in the near-future, unless something utterly and wholly catastrophic occurs that lead to the weakening of the central government and also somehow fucked The American Armed Forces too.
this is a warning / documentary
2025 is gonna suck
It looks like US supported coup attempt in Turkiye in 2016.
Hell Yeah. Perfect time for this movie to come out
The American Wet Dream
To think this is what maybe half of USA's wet dream looks like.
The twist at the end is that Mexico takes back it's land from a weakened CA and TX.
It’s a live action movie. It isn’t a cartoon.
where is Tony Stark?
Lived in Texas as a teenager. I can't count the number of times I heard, "weLL DID YOU KNOW tHAt teXaS CaN SEceDe WHenEvER iT wAnTS tO???" No one needs to add more fuel to that.
I think the first trailer was better. Still interested in this movie though.
I hope that Wagner Moura has got a good role, such a talented actor
Looks like a metaphorical movie between Conservatives and Progressives…..and we all know the Republicans won the last Civil war….
The division is looking pretty cool
What's up with that font and font color lmao
I tend to think this is every americans dream. To be free in a no mans land again. The survivalist cowboy genes shows up in these apocalíptic movies
I watched Bushwick on Netflix a while back, similar concept, Texas seems to be the go to secessionists. The movie made me really laugh how ridiculous the plot was. This movie seems to take a more serious approach to it. But recommend watching Bushwick and compare the two movies.
Where Captain america?
Unfortunately, media that is created to be anti-war,drugs,corruption,gangs,etc usually ends up glorifying the practice or the lifestyle. It sucks, but there are a lot of people who take the wrong lessons from these cautionary tales. See the "apocalypse now" scene in Jarhead, or how a lot of drug dealers are fans of Scarface, or how many corrupt stock brokers were inspired by Wall Street (or more recently, Wolf of Wall Street).
Here in Brazil we also have many problems, much more than in the USA. However, the feeling we have always had is that when the crazy things that Americans create and that make them become more and more divided. Soon, they look for an external enemy to try to achieve internal pseudo-cohesion, even if fragile. Therefore, despite the polarization that America is experiencing, I think they will continue with the modus operandi of seeking external enemies. Not even if that's why they invent chemical weapons in other people's countries, Primaveras Arabe (Arab Spring), etc. etc. etc.
Liberals be like January 6th was this but way worse"
When The United States and Trumpistan break in two.
Is this a documentary?
big money is finally pouring into a24 and omg good they manage it
I thought I was going to see Iron Man and captain America duke it out
This is the “Red Dawn” for this generation.  Looking back as a kid when it came out it seems ridiculous, a Russian invasion, but at the time it seemed plausible. Hopefully we can look back at this period and think how ridiculous despite the repeated calls for southern secession.
Interesting as the idea is, I think it would be better served as a surreal, picaresque, "descent into madness"-style narrative a la 'Apocalypse Now', as opposed to this gritty, ripped-from-the-headlines, "What if?" story. Just my two cents.
This looks like a good documentary.
SOCIALISM AND COMMUNISM HAS INFECTED THE MORAL FABRIC OF AMERIKA RONALD REAGAN WAS RIGHT WHEN HE SPOKE ABOUT IT IN HIS 1989 LAST PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESS TO THE NATION
Lol wow this looks worse than men
Sleepwalk to your future yall. Part of the plan.
Disturbed movie?
cant wait for actual civil war oh wait it happened already.
the problem is that until this movie comes out there will probably be a real civil war in the united states
Appears all too prescient, sadly! 😬
I wonder who's gonna be the good guys
Garlands always worth a do
i am for TEXAS and CALI
is this straight on netflix?
Another movie about the greatest and most relevant nation .... Seriously A24? Why didn't you just make Top Gun or some other propaganda?
Red Dawn meets Oliver Stone's Salvador!
The handmaid's tale unofficial prequel.
This looks like a hot piece of trash.
This movie looks great but something I can’t get out of my head is that there’s going to be a bunch of idiots with their media illiterate stupidity watching this thinking “god I wish this would happen”
Wait a minute, I don't see a single Avenger.   Hey, what gives!?
I don't know how to feel about this film. on one hand, it is an interesting premise, but on the other hand, it feels like it's hitting too close to home with the current state of affairs the United States of America is currently in and the direction it's taking...it's a very odd combination of feelings
It's too bad they made this a movie instead of a limited TV series.  It's going to be too short.
With the way things are going over there, this just looks like a grim look into the future.
Looks like the division but in movie form, hoping its good.
Honestly, this movie is much more I looking forward to see in cinema. Can't wait for 12 April 2024.
This looks amazing
This looks like a dope movie
West vs. East. Good luck to the East. Texas and California population combined absolutely dwarfs the rest of the US.
Trumps dream come true. Trump would benefit the most from a civil war in the US. TRUMP WANTS BLOOD.
From writer/director Alex Garland and starring Kirsten Dunst, Wagner Moura, Stephen McKinley Henderson, and Cailee Spaeny. ⚠⚠⚠👉CIVIL WAY👈 – In Theaters April 12, 2024.
lol
pax federation
Oh yes.
Don’t really care for the setting, but I’ll watch anything Alex Garland makes
the North shall be victors again!
Honestly after Men, it can only go up so I’m excited
this is clearly fantasy, once it was clear they couldn't get their diabetes meds it would all come to sharp stop
Texas People's Republic . society is being prepared for civil war. what a coincidence in the year when there are elections movie coming out !
Joe Biden’s America…
i think most americans actually wants this to happen, especially from the south & midwest
I am growing tired of documentaries.
Holy shit, Negan is in this movie!
It's so funny how in Hollywood thinking, there will be habitable cities after a civil war starts.   HAHAhahahhahhahahah
Alex Garland and Cailee Spaeny? Im there.
This is how I wish to see America
what is the posibility of this actually happening
Heck yeah!
Who is fighting who?
yoooo @A24 - the film's title is misspelled in the description!
What's also great is A24 kept filming during the strikes, so there will be a Summer of nothing but A24 releases
Maybe this is the zombie apocalypse everyone has been envisioning.
Go on Wagner, my fellow countryman! You deserve the spotlight.
Y’all got a typo in the description
I wish we could have a cod about this.
It looks suprême 💥
This must have bigger budget than all previous a24 movies combined
documentary is supposed to come out after the event
Suara peluitnya "terpujilah wahai engkau..ibu bapak guruu."
If they had waited two or three years, they could have just made this as a documentary.
El patron? 0:57
What’s scarier? the possibility of this happening or those watching and thinking “I wish”
Jesus Christ - the next US-Election looks terrifying
Neat. I now have eyes for this.
Why is the title of the movie wrong in the description? Come on A24...
This doesn't seem right for a movie. It should be a TV series.
Jericho vibes
This is a comedy
Something for Christian Armageddonists to beat off to.
Pass. Looks dumb
this makes you feel like a zombie apocalypse ain't shit.
The rest of the world rejoices
Bet people from Texas are taking notes.
Anybody think some version of this is actually possible? i mean again of course.
Great documentary!
Trailer 2 and your description still says Civil Way lmao
The plot is that a president is elected for the third time and establishes a dictatorship. The two largest states are fighting back. I would be happy if this really happened in such a scenario, but Texas would probably find it totally cool, as long as the dictator was on "their" side.
crazy to think that some people actually want a civil war
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Years best comedy!
this is going to be the best movie of 2024
Is this movie too soon or too late?
Why are the titles in green? Why are they not a alternating red and blue?
Florida is winning
it's coming get ready
Oh hell yeah. Us real mfs been anticipating for this movie since the first trailer and before
🇧🇷
Is this Pablo? 0:22
So who wins?
We don’t need this in ‘Merica right now. Too many idiots already don’t care what the Constitution says as long as their voice/President, etc. is in power and be damned everything else. I won’t be supporting this film by ever seeing it.
Oh man the pizza party is going to be lit
No need to watch this movie, we'll be living it soon enough at this rate.
This movie better not end up becoming a documentary…
do A24 have a time machine, they managed to make a documentary on up coming events.
It's a movie about gringos doing to themselves what they usually do overseas.
A24 film trailers rarely seem to follow the generic cadence of larger blockbuster/Hollywood movie trailers. That leaves me and many others intrigued about the films they promote
Yep, another woke piece of fiction that supposes the left isn't really the side that's trying to strip the Bill of Rights away, when in reality it is. Laughable.
Predictive programming at its best! This is coming people.
This is painful to watch, but only because this possibility feels like it is just on the horizon. I hope this movie could serve as a lesson to us. Can't wait to see it!!
👀
where is captain america and iron man.
i love alex garland but im not understanding the point of this movie from the trailer. what am i missing?
If Texas and California are teaming up maybe the conflict is a class war?
IM WAITING A24
My headcanon wants this to be the sequel to Leave the World Behind
Wait, I thought I was watching the news.
They really should have called this "Spoiler Alert"
At this point in our political climate, this is becoming less of a movie and more like a premonition of things to come.
THEY are building an army against us....
"Florida Alliance" sooo what a state of geriatric individuals, ooooo scary a hoard of grandparents, careful they might run you down with their walker
The thing that scares me the most about this is there are people who will watch this trailer and think "I wish."
A24 been on a mission against whites for years now 😅😂
Personally I think the first trailer was better but I'm still super-hyped to see this movie. A24 can do no wrong and Alex Garland is an exceptional director.
looks like propaganda 🤣, Aliens are involved too 😁
The news is more realistic.
If this isnt predictive programming at its finest! I always remember hearing war tactics on how to divide before conquering.... and this is definitely in its playbook
2024 Civil War in theaters and on the streets
Nice, hoping it will also come to an IMAX near me, as this could still be considered a smaller film.
A24 rolling out with the Blockbuster production, okay playa. Looks real nerve bending and anxiety driven just the way I like it. I'm ready.
US Election Results 2024: The Movie ;) (also als where is Captain America and Iron Man?? this is not an MCU movie.) OT: Looks like a good movie, i want to see this.
i still dont know what its about
I can’t believe they didn’t bring back Abe Lincoln for this.
Democrat infested California is the enemy
A24 keeps bringing  bangers 👍🏼
Description says Civil Way @a24
Okay.... Thanks for the PREDICTIVE PROGRAMMING.  (Saves me the trouble of scouring through my "The Simpsons" archives.)  Booyah....lock and load...
This is the most desired event of this spring!!!
It looks fantastic but i feel like im gonna wish this was a show so it could tell more story
HELL YEAHHHHH
The US is more divided than ever.   I don't how or why, I just think it is.
This would have been a good teaser trailer...? The other one was way better.
I’ve often had a theory that the best war films of all time are the ones that double as horror films.  Movies like Apocalypse Now, Come And See, Saving Private Ryan, DUNKIRK, and Full Metal Jacket all fit that bill to an extent.  I think this film almost confirms that theory in a way.
A24 always delivers with the cinematography and atmoshpere that you can almost feel. Stoked.
Wow
WAGNERR MOURAAAAAAAA AGAHHGHAGSHIAGSA
This movie and Leave The World Behind are connected.
Last shot was what January 6th really thought they looked like
looks pretty realistic if you ask me
Looks Great A24, Alex Garland, Framestore. I love this Trio
Good production cringe content, might see
Some of us got a sneak preview on an airplane...it was so bad, people started walking out! :)
Where are the Marvel Guys???😅
True science fiction is imagining an alliance between Texas and California.
You know, of all the filmmakers who could take a subject like this on, I’m glad it’s Alex Garland, since he often knows how to bring the right nuance, commentary, and themes to the surface for something like this.  There are so many wrong ways you can make a film like this, but something tells me he’ll find a way to do it just right.
This will alarm the smart ones...and it will make the dummies laugh.
This A24 feels very different. Would like to know more of the context behind the story or characters and not get too distracted by the setting
Great. Another pre-prededictive programming
While a thought of a Civil War happening in today’s world is horrifying, this movie looks great!
Giving me DMZ comic series vibes. Looks great.
The most unrealistic thing about this movie is California and Texas being on the same side.
A What if New California Republic take Capital Wasteland
This movie looks really quite good . The concept for the film is so good , the cast is top notch . I gonna watch this film for sure , A-24 is doing really good stuff 🔥🔥🔥🔥 .
The trailers make the movie seem incredibly corny, which could work if they actually lean into it. But there’s nothing worse than a movie that takes itself way too seriously, when it’s so obviously this corny.
Alex Garland never disappoints 👍🏻
i have never been so hyped for a war movie in a long time!!
vem aí
this trailer is even more boombastic. i'm hyped.
idk dont really look like a real A24 type movie but we'll see
nice
this seems promisin'
Can't wait
A Quality product
President Ron
