Geez, Joe Barry 🤦🏾‍♂️
Ravens clearly did not learn anything from the 2021 season. Never roll out and throw to mark andrews on a two point conversion to win or tie the game.
Should’ve been Jackson vs Rodgers.
@3:00 that fake from Rodger’s was so clean
Huntley only knew Mark Andrews 😂😂😂
Hard to believe this was 2 yrs ago I remember this 😭
Go 🐦‍⬛  😊
Packers  v. Ravens 2024 SB
Mark my words, this will be super bowl 2024
I still believe in Snoop
I'd go for 2, that's the best call 86% of the time.  However, don't pass.  Run a fullback dive and push him in, a Quarterback draw, or even a wide receiver end around (Because the blocking was phenomenal).  Take that risk, but I don't really think the pass was the best decision.
Going to miss the boys .. #GoPackGo
John should have been fired after this season. Lost so many games cause he didn’t want use to the best kicker in the game
The ravens had to cover the spread at the end there then they had to throw the game by going for 2 instead of the tie like how real football is played (for the casuals you don't bet an entire game on 1 play). Funny thing is they lost this same way twice that season. Slow people still think the NFL is real and the coach is just following analytics.
7-10
6-10
5-10
5-9
5-8
5-7
5-6
5-5
5-4
4-4
3-4
3-3
3-2
3-1
2-1
2-0
1-0
3-12
2-12
2-11
1-11
1-10
1-9
1-8
1-7
1-6
1-5
1-4
1-3
1-2
0-2
I’m wondering why are the ravens always going for 2? They should just go for one. Maybe if they didn’t go for2 in one game they probably would’ve made the playoffs. Oh well!
I was at this game and the atmosphere was crazy. Ravens fans were mad Harbaugh went for it on 2 again tho.
That was a gutsey call to go for two.
What a dumb two point call.
Ravens was so close andrews is a beast
p   a   i   n
He was going at Patrick queen and they didn't realize that. Smfh
Dang
ravens are known for qb sneaks
Tyler Huntley C/ATT  28/40 215 passing yards 2 passing touchdowns 13 attempts 73 rushing yards 2 rushing touchdowns 35.9 Fantasy Points!
1:10 You choose to go for it instead of taking the 3 and you lose 31-30. Don't suppose that could have really cost you the game?
Matthew 24:4 And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you.
1:31
This was by far my favorite game
Kick that extra point !  Dumb decision
2:46 What a throw.
4:00
Y’all got to remember these was the backups for the ravens playing like this and losing by one point
Ravens would have won had they not went for it on fourth down
10-7
9-7
8-7
8-6
8-5
8-4
8-3
7-3
6-3
5-3
4-3
3-3
2-3
1-3
1-2
0-2
0-1
Why going for the 2pt attempt where 1 point would bring them to the OT - another chance to win?
Went to the Game  Was A Battle!
Why didn’t the Ravens just do an extra point after their last touchdown?
Huntley >> Dak Change my mind
Damn Harbaugh really is allergic to overtime lmao
nah brah , dumbest 2pt call all year so far
Next year Rodgers ➡️SF49ers
Matthew 23:39 For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.
If my cowboys go against Green Bay again they wouldn’t stand a chance against my cowboys
State Farm Bowl?!
Serious question. How many Super Bowls would Aaron Rodgers have if he played with Bill and the Patriots and Brady played with the Packers? I honestly believe Aaron would have 10 and Brady would have zero. Aaron Rodgers is the most talented quarterback I have ever seen and is literally better than Brady at every possible thing when it comes to playing the quarterback position. What does Brady do better than Aaron when it comes to playing the QB position?
Going to call it right now. Packers vs  Chiefs. Replay of Super Bowl 1. Packers 34 Chiefs 30
Lamar Jackson injured?
Ravens need new OC and DC.  Harbaugh need to put his friendship aside! Help the team.
The ravens have big ass dudes on their o line
Huntley had running td and can't remember the last time Lamar had one
go on Huntley
Both team played very good👍
Greenbay D is really not good. Aaron Rodgers cant play LB too lol.
why would you go for 2 and not tie it up? i will never understand these retarded coaching decisions
Lions yall see this Huntley guy?!
Doing good Davante Adams and Aaron Rogers
And I know a really good master electrician and I need a electrician, do not put my name with the Browns
Really hope Aaron Rodgers defeats The Cleveland Browns and Baker Mayfield is in cyst and don’t put my name in there hell no I would never wear Johnny Manziel’s number I am the 12th man and let’s go Aaron Rodgers let’s go Tom Brady I got this and I do exist and I am real I am damn real
Yesssss!!! Go GreenBay Packers!
Good players Go GreenBay,GO Avante,Great Play Avante,Huah man,, yeah baby! Thank you God!!!
Lizarde go man good play,keep it up! Go Greenbay!!! Hey Aaron you are great getting those Touchdowns Huah!!!
Avante Adams is good too! Aaron Rogers we love you,Greenbay uou are awesome!
Imagine if they’d just played for OT..
2nd game Harbaugh lost this year going for two
9:03 number #20 enter to the field covering some mf on the move🤣🤣
Panthers need to run the same offense as the ravens asap
I think when a QB gets a chance to sit back and learn without pressure?..it's a very good outcome..
An extra point field goal ties the score  Nope, all or nothing,  let's go for it Darn we should have kicked for the extra point. Could of, should of,  would of... Can't pick up spilled milk, live, play learn Great game,  good action
Packers fan,  but you gotta respect Huntley for coming out ready to compete. Made some mistakes, but he’ll get better with reps.
Game was rigged. How do you not go for the OT
DLK
How did Lamar miss number 5 for the extra two he was wide open 😭
Brown was so wide open on that 2 pt conversion.
Rodgers played great could of played better,he should of not missed Lazard in rhw back of the end zone
Ah ha, running arse qb.
Why the Hell they didn’t punt the ball,bad call man
Huntley shot out the pocket like a cannon on that last TD
should've went for the kick, lol!
GB fans be fearful the one and done curse is looming over GB and it’s getting stronger you beat a backup QB by 1 point the browns are coming into town sat night to steal a game
Harbaugh is an idiot. That is all
so rigged
It’s no quit in the Ravens gotta love it
Ravens aren’t good
Hes a far superior thrower then lamar….and its not close at all…and im a raven fan saying this…see how he handles zero blitzs….they dont work ….those have been lamars krypotonite
5번  T T
Packers were on fire between the 3rd and 4th quarters.
Huntley to Steelers
Ravens made a huge bad decision even if they did convert it still packer was more dominent so why would u make that decision knowing the chance of winning is low.
Aaron Rodgers > Tom Brady.
If Rodgers leaves Packers trade for Huntley I’m calling it now.
Two point attempt? What?
Backup QB going crazy....somebody else need to pic him up
Wow! Couple of dumb decisions on the Ravens side.
I was born and raised in Wisconsin. I am die hard Packer fan. However,  I had to travel to John's Hopkins for three surgeries. This is the only time I will be glad to see the Ravans lose. Great people in Baltimore. I'd say 95% of the people we spoke with felt the same way about the Packers, as I feel about the Ravens.
Damn Huntley better than Lamar. He even looks like him except he throws better
Just go for the extra point smh
again with the 2pt attemp  /????!??!?!?!
If the ravens would have opted for the field goal attempt on the first drive's 4th down... :')
I guess, Ravens may leave only Andrews and Tucker in their roster. The result will be the same
So greedy at the end......
7:56 this is why coaches should be aloud to challenge penalty flags where's the holding and pass interference like I don't like neither team but this sport is becoming outrageous with these flags calls more an more
NUMBER 5 WAS OPEN AT THE END
Another ravens loss at home. What a wonderful Christmas present.
who goes for 2 there? head coach should be outright fired for that call...
WHERE IS OUR FIELD GOAL
we all know the refs gave the packers this game. a rod was about to lose to a team full of backups
13:46 THIS MAKES NO SENSE!!  Why NOT Kick the Extra Point??
Shading 6 defenders to cover Adams lol
Huntley was nice.. but after teams can get film on him, will he still be? Possibly. Good game anyways Raven Nation, quite the scare on that one. Lol. Good luck in y'all playoff race. Go Pack, GO!   (That last hit Andrews took was a wicked one, good to see that big dude get up and almost win the game vs my squad.. these close battles are always better to watch)
Maksa ngambil pat 2 poin. Aneh.
Going for 2 when you can get the tie has to be the dumbest call ever.  Fire Harbaugh... like his brother, he just wants glory and ends up hurting his team.  Ravens would be stupid good without him.
Forget the noise. Fans are getting a terrific season. Great games.
Can someone cover Andrews?  Packers Defense: no thanks
An illegal low block on the defender ??
green bay defense need to change player and coachs,. what saves green bay is the offense
What hurts the most is that buddy was wide open on the back corner on that 2 point attempt
Huntley played like a beast - he should start tbh
Can’t wait to see the packers lose in the NFC championship
Should have just done over time
Even if the Ravens had been successful on the 2-point play, that was one of the dumbest most senseless and ridiculous decisions in NFL history.  Take the extra point, and let the chips fall where they may by giving yourself a new life to win or lose in overtime.  If he had attempted the PTA and missed it, that would’ve been wiser, safer, and incomparably more acceptable than foolishly going with the 2-point do or die play with 40 seconds left on the board.  Why come to play at all if you feel you can’t stop your opponent?  Green Bay didn’t defeat the Ravens, Harbaugh did!
Why not try and draw them offsides twice if you're the Ravens? It's 30-31. They did it once, didn't work, so then they snap the ball and go for two. One timeout left. Just saying they may as well do a hard count a second time. The Packers probably wouldn't be expecting it.
If you don’t think this was rigged you gotta be not bright who in the chicken nuggets would go for 2 instead of taking OT lol
Should’ve kicked the extra point
How was this game close?
huntley throw way better than Lamar …Lamar might need to take sum tips from him !!!
number 5 wide open bruh
Huntley > Lamar
Why was Kevin King covering Mark Andrews at the end of the game?
Had hollywood wide open on that 2 pt conversation
Hollywood was open on 2 pt conversion. Good call bad read.
Man what a game 👌
Packers fan, softest call of the year 8:05
He missed a wide open receiver #5 in the end zone because he was fixated on Andrews.
Amos with that hit stick
13:48 can anyone explain my european brain why they wouldn't go for a kick ?
If only if they had Trace McSorley
Watching Baltimore's dipshit coach piss away their season makes me happy 😅
I’m so tired of these State Farm ads
Might’ve been the dumbest end of a game I’ve seen…
He had a guy wide open in the end zone on that two point at the end dang that's tough
I'm dumbfounded right now! I'm not a Ravens fan but Come-on John and whoever is the Offensive Coordinator, this is twice now they have comeback to potential win the game and you go for two point conversion on both of them.  This is not making any sense, kick the damn extra-point and go into overtime with something to fight for.
harbaugh is a good coach but all of this letting the players make critical calls in clutch situations has to stop, I love player coaches but that's a fine line to walk. Should've played for overtime, cause that's exact same type of play Lamar didn't convert on a 2 point try early this season.
WTF 🤦🏻
Fake Football and referring.
Sometimes it's better to go for 1 and then give yourselves more time to try and win the game in OT.
He had #5 wide open for the 2 point conversion win 😔
Why go for 2? 😂
threw away all that work for ego at the end..
They really just went for 2 points😒 wow I’m done
Remember when everybody thought the Packers were crazy for drafting Jordan Love in the first round? Yeah.... We were all def right.
Bro, why does Harbough keep going for two. This is the second game they lost going for two.
There were definitely some gamechanging bs ref calls in favor of the Packers. I'm just glad they won.
Huntley did amazing almost spoiled our culture GREENBAY PACKERS lol
Hey is my dog cute or nah
Aaron Rodgers is truly an artist.  I ain't even a Packers fan, but that dude can't be denied, Hall of famer.
Rigged. Makes no sense to go for 2 point conversion.They should of just hit field goal and go to OT.
Long hair Rogers is different… relatable to masked Lebron/Kyrie fr
Idk... hind sight is 20/20... but you don't tie the game? One of those things,  you're either the hero or the bad guy. He's got ball though... I will give him that.
I've seen 2 coach's calls in my life that I'd say we're the worst ever. The worst, by far, was Pete Carroll's inexplicable decision to throw the ball instead of handing it to Marshawn. The Seahawks could have gone down as legends: not just back-to-back Super Bowl champs, but back-to-back wins against the 2 best QBS of the modern age, if not ever, in Manning and Brady. Instead Malcolm Jenkins becomes one of the luckiest mothafuckers in Super Bowl history.  The second was this abortion of a call by Harbaugh to go for the 2-point killshot AGAIN. A good friend of mine is a Ravens fan, and in the 2 weeks since the Ravens/Steelers game, we'd been arguing about whether they should've gone for 2 then. I felt, because of the rivalry, and the opportunity to put the nail in the coffin of Pittsburgh's season, they had to go for it. He thought they were crazy to go for it then. Imagine the mess I had to clean up after his head exploded when he saw this. I think Harbaugh's trying to get fired.
Huntley is looking damn good, in the first3 quartersat least!!! Hey Huntley,  we might need a qb down here in NO...
Low block was on Boyle? What are you supposed to do in that situation?
theyve done it again boys!!!
John Harbaugh actually proved you don't need a QB at QB to be competitive.
I don't usually question coaches' playcallng and I'm a big fan of John Harbaugh but I thought that if you had designed more for Huntley's running, you could have beaten the Packers (who are an excellent team). While I'm sorry to see the loss, and I really enjoyed all the improvisation, what I did see impressed me...I'd like to see that with more short option plays, with blocks schemed around opening a lane for this kid. Just in case he wants to run with it. 🙂
Going for 2 was dumb, in my opinion..
the Ravens coach seriously caused the defeat....  wtf..  bad choices....
Can someone please help me figure out my firestick so I can watch the games?  I will pay.
Huge win for the Packers what a game. Rodgers continues to be absolutely amazing, but DAMN HUNTLEY looked good, dare I say he looked better than Jackson lately in this game. Very impressive.
Huntley shouldn't have looked for Andrews that last play. The Packers seemed to expect that play. He had a man wide open on the run from the left if he had taken a full scope.
I will take Huntley over some starters this season. Legit.
best kicker in the league, best kicker of all time. Doesnt bring him out. Im no expert but it seems that even if they wouldve tied it.Went into ot, and then tried to get within another field goal. That wouldve been a better move
SHANTE
Greed is NOT good. Kick the extra point!
another f-ing stupid decision not to try in overtime.  Meanwhile, Packers 11-3.
That's twice the Ravens have lost for going for two. If I was a Ravens fan I'd be pissed
Huntley should have ran it in he had a better chance with that instead of throwing it
ทำไมตัดสินใจเล่น2คะแนน ถ้ายื้อจนต่อเวลาโอกาสชนะก็มีสูงกว่า เพราะทีมรับPackers เริ่มล้าและขาดความมั่นใจ
Worst play calling ever. Going for it on 4th in your own territory with plenty of time left and then going for 2 instead of kicking the extra point. It does not matter to me...I'm a Steelers fan...ha ha 😁
Honestly people need to put respect on mark andrews name, he’s on the same level as kelce and kittle
Illegal low block when the defender went low? How stupid are these refs?
Andrews has been really good
Harbaugh needs to GOOOOOO😕🤔😡😡😡😡. This footer thinks he in a constant casino playing blackjack!! His gambles never pay off! He needs Gamblers Anonymous!  Just take the safe play, and tie it up!
Wow Huntley showing his stuff! I'm confused why they went for a 2pt conversion when they could have played OT? What kind of call is that?
mark andrews is really like dat!
Ravens had terribly coverage all game
Huntley was fantastic, so was andrews tough loss
Hands up on the pass rush !
I can understand a two point conversion when the ravens play the Steelers. But I do not understand a two point conversion with the Packers. They should’ve tied the game
I have no idea why people arnt ripping  the ravens head coach more that was just dumb. Let your players work hard then be ignorant and go for two. Bravo you played yourself.
Prayers going to Randall Cobb
Rodgers got the smoothest play action ive ever seen hands down
You couldn't just kick the extra point and go to O T
Green Bay’s special teams gave the Ravens their last scoring drive!
Green Bay should get Huntley if Aaron leaves
Huntley ran right over our defense ! This guys a keeper!
Another bad call that effects the game. Really bad pass interference call against the Ravens allowed GB to score . The defender did not cause the receiver to drop the ball. It seems like this year the calls have been really bad...
I say it all the time no matter what team is playing, it’s crazy nowadays how it’s pretty rare to see yards after the catch and even more rare to see a spin move or a good juke. Most players refuse to even attempt a spin move anymore, they see a db and they basically just take the tackle where they stand or so
ravens should do what northwestern did when they had trevor siemian and kain colter
Had Hollywood kinda open in the back on that 2 point
The sad part is huntely is actually a better passer than number 8. But number 8 has already built up substantial jersey sales, fan revenue, and TV highlights, so it's hard to replace him. Huntley is in a tough position because he would only thrive in a Baltimore style offense. If I was the guy who made the decision, I would start huntley. It would hurt someone else's feelings but it is what it is.
Hollywood brown was wide open for that 2pt conversion! Say what you want about the ravens but the NFL is lucky that team is as injured as they are because with their full compliment of players they may be the best team in football this season.
A bit nervous ending, isn't it?
I would never play a sport like this never it’s just to much happening and I would probably be invisible in such a match like this one.
6:02 this Throw though...YIKES!!!!
Huntley is a Total BadAzz...he looked better than Jackson....WoW...still cant believe how good Huntley looked...He got his chance to ShowCase himself and he took full advantage of it... Good to c him play that well...
The running QB gave the Packers all sorts of problem. Imagine what damage a Murray or Lamar Jackson could do!
SO HAPPY ME PACKERS DID IT
helluva playfake by Aaron superb stuff @3.00 coming from a  ひ ravens fan #ravensflock #respect
Have the Ravens learned nothing from the Steelers game on why not to go for the game winning 2pt conversation
Tyler huntley needs to be a QB1 next season
13:50 Hollywood brown wide open for the win…..
Yeah I agree dat you should've went for da extra pt you've got one of da best place kickers in history in Justin Tucker and you go for 2 idk what Harbaugh was thinkin now if ya had a trash kicker then yeah maybe but Tuckers is da best Kicker rn in da NFL and its not even close
Andrews looks special i reckon hes off to another team next year.
Ravens fan if y’all watch tha last play y’all can see Hollywood brown was open in tha back if Huntley threw it to brown we would of won
Man I love this Packers team being an Eagles fan
Can't wait to talk about the New England Patriots
Hollywood was wide open on that last redzone play smh he tries to get it to mark Andrews
Even though the Packers SHOULD be able to grab that #1 seat in the NFC that special teams needs to tighten up Those are the mistakes that will cost them in the playoffs.
Now replace Andrews with Gronk and Huntley with the GOAT. Bucs win ez
Coaching lost this one.  Gave them 3 to start and didn't go for the tie.
ravens gave the game away they should have kicked the field goal and the extra point when they had the chance
Marquise brown was wide open Lamar wouldn’t have lost that but great game by Huntley
going for 2 to tie the game at the end when you have momentum.... SOLID PLAY! Totally worked out!!!!!!!!
Huntley is the future of ravens. Cutos to him. But bro go packs go. We taking it all the way this year! We the champs come back to me once this season is over.
Are the Ravens really dumb enough to not understand one of the basic concepts of the regular season? PLAY. FOR. OVERTIME!!!
why would they go for it wtf lmao????
Ravens👎Suck
Green bay packers vs Baltimore ravens 2021 Joe buck troy aikman erin Andrews
z HK and I have 😕😕😕😕😕😕
As a German I have to say, some refs are just bad in the NFL.
Man, the packers suck so much against mobile dual threat qbs, I can only imagine how many rushing yards lamar wouldve had
There were 2 options for Huntley in the 2pt conversion he could have ran in because the blockers made a hole. And Marquise brown was open
They should of put it into OT
Ravens could be the scariest team in the NFL if they make Huntley the Quarterback and Lamar the runner back.
Since when do you not put points on the board on the first quarter Drive? And what was that fourth-down play? He steps up like he's going to run then stops even though it looked to me like he had a path to his left and when he scrambled to his right why didn't he throw the ball? He had an open receiver and it wouldn't have been that big a deal if it would have been intercepted.
Huntley telegraphed play. He concentrated on one receiver. He rolled right, he looked right, and was concentrating on that one receiver in the right corner of the end zone. What he missed was somebody wide open in the middle of the end zone. All he had to do was turn his head to the left. Not to mention he should have thrown the ball sooner. I thought that's why you wanted a tall quarterback. So they can see over lineman. Am I the only one that noticed the obvious pass interference on the play? Packers number 21 shoved him from behind before the ball was there. Hardball showed no faith in his team. No faith they could stop Rogers Even though they had done so on his last possession, no faith that they could score again.
My issue isn't with either team it's honestly with Joe Buck and Troy Aikman calling packer games and never truly giving them they credit they deserve like Christ the Packers could have made this a blown out game and they still would have found something to.complain about with the packers
Pass catching TE's these days. So important. Andrews is amazing. Pay these guys. They catch more balls than #1 receivers.
Rodgers missed a lot this game
How did that happen 31-17 going for another TD rodgers misses a easy throw and then ravens almost win. 31-30!!!! I don’t blame the defense more or less if rushers gOT THAT TD ravens would have felt more defeat.
Lamar woulda had fun with Greenbay if he played and this is coming from a Greenbay fan 😂😂
Huntley played an amazing game here. If he can play like this consistently he’s definitely a franchise QB, not a backup.
As a packer fan I must say Huntley ripped us apart for only being a back up. I think he did quite well. I only wish the packers could obtain a back up like that
The Green Bay Packers are 11-3,1st in the NFC after Arizona and Tampa Bay lost 🟡🟢🧀
Huntley better than Lamar
Why go for 2?
Can’t even tell that isn’t Lamar lol
Man Talery Huntley is relly good he need to be on the team more. But my team one Green Bay :)
The correct call is going for two on the second to last ravens touchdown. This increases their chance of winning the most. Going for two on the last touchdown is statistically incorrect, especially considering the momentum the ravens have, and justing tucker
Huntley has been shining since the pre season. I saw he was special then. Saints could use him. Oh my bad we have Famous Jameis Winston. 😂
Why tf They always try going fo the 2 dawg just send it to OT
Huntley had Hollywood Brown WIDEOPEN for the 2pt wow
Huntley is playing better than Jackson
يا خسارة و الله حرام النقطتين ضاعت
Again?
Tyler Huntley can be starting QB for a lot of teams. Ravens should consider a trade. Congrats Huntley, you are great player.
My channel will help you relax and asleep
11:05 is a spectacular play in a game with many from both teams! Rogers to Marcedes Lewis who frieght trains over a number of Defenders, the guy is just hard to bring down in this game and it takes a bunch of them to finally do it!
the thing is, hollywood was open in the 2 point attempt.
go for 2 with the all the momentum and the best kicker in the league . Let's not forget the bills game same result . It's just complete fiction
Idgaf what anyone says this and the two other games this season with the same ending is the definite proof that all sports are fake theatrics
Huntley is what Jalen Hurts should have been, a backup on a good team who can win you a few games if your starter goes down.
Huntley killed it! Hope to see more of him.
The last failed 2-point conversion by the ravens makes me believe that this league is rigged. Ravens could’ve just kicked the PAT, they had already failed a 2 point conversion a couple weeks ago.. why do it again smh. They want packers to get the number 1 seed
Fun game, but let’s be real, the most exciting thing this weekend was every team in the NFC North cheering for the Lions
Nice
For the people wanting to go to overtime, do you realize if the packers got the ball with the momentum they have on offense they’d instantly lose. Rather go for 2 than rely on a coin flip.
Huntley should have ran for the two points at end but he tried to give it to Andrews... Well done you for putting team ahead of self glory.
God damn special team.....
Ravens did it for themselves being greedy
The ravens are the best team in football. What other team missing literally 22 starters could do what this team has done. 22 starters are gone ppl. Greenway is supposed to be one of the best squads in the league. Missing the whole starting secondary, ol, dL, qb, rbs, wtaf is going on this team refuses to not play.
we’ve gotten get better at guarding the TE
LOL  0:14 -- is that Mike McCarthy still hangin' out during coaching breaks in Dallas hahaha  Mister Rodgers still the dude to beat in SB56.
They should have tied the game at the end, wtf.
Hollywood Brown was wide open on that last play.
imagine big ben retires and the steelers trade for huntley. lamar jackson vs tyler huntley 2 or 3 times a season
Harbaugh is what's wrong with the Ravens. offence and defense did their homework. Maybe it's time for harbaugh to go somewhere else.
I think 🤔 they lostin on purpose 2 games and didn’t go for the tie ????
Completely lost as to why mark Andrews was the only person being thrown to, like wtf is going on?!? Mix it up. That was poor on both sides. Make Huntly go somewhere else. U could see how out of it all the other players were, half assing the plays, cus they were like we ain't getting the ball, ef it, lol... Terrible
why the hell did they go for 2 !?  put it all on one play?  big mistake.  tie it and go overtime.  still great game to watch, coach had big balls from the comback guess he thought that momentum would take the win GG
Both teams played their hearts out. That's how a football game should always be.
Aaron Rodgers really looking and acting like the NFL’s rockstar villain lol. Long stringy hair, an overall calm yet aggressive demeanor on the field and the fact that 90% of the media already doesnt like him and you combine those with his new play fake that people love and you have THE centerpiece for the 2021 NFL Season. This is once again your MVP folks.
Yasssss to mi PACKERS 💚💛💚💛 God bless everyone n Happy New Year!
I came to check for the “Huntley is better than Rodgers” comments….leaving unsatisfied
That gives packers home feild and a bye week in playoffs
huntley better than lamar?
11:05 is a spectacular play in a game with many from both teams! Rogers to Marcedes Lewis who frieght trains over a number of Defenders, the guy is just hard to bring down in this game and it takes a bunch of them to finally do it!
Ravens fan here this is most brutal loss this season this one hurt there is no moral Victory in nfl Tyler is a stud who will start somewhere though he looked good
どうしてＰＡＴをして同点でＯＴに持ち込まなかったんだろう？　ここで２ＰＯＩＮＴで勝負したのかな？
Really just hope the Packers D don't get complacent and stay hungry cause they have improved a lot since last year but they still have plenty of room to improve
Huntley is damn near an exact clone of Lamar Jackson.
Harbaugh stop bro
That throw at 6:02 defies the laws of possibilities
I hope Lamar Jackson doesn't ever get a devastating injury to where hes out for a long period of time cause he might lose his job to this quarterback Huntley excellent game he played
That was a Pretty Good Game...I think the Ravens Should've pushed it to OVERTIME...🤔🤔🤔
On the bright side - I was figuring my Ravens would get blown out.  On the dark side ... we still got Harbaugh for a coach.
Aaron Rodgers still the greatest QB in the league
Does Harbaugh ever gets criticized for his lousy coaching decisions? I swear you can tell he undermining the whole team. Not taking the FG early, and going for it in their own territory is evident enough.
Can I start Huntley next week in my fantasy?
Why go for two?
Playoffs started early this year
That Huntley dude accurate as hell, where he come from lol.
Someone tell Harbaugh to stop going for 2 every damn game! Baltimore would be 10-4 by now! Just take the damn points and go to overtime!
I'm a packer fan
IAM not stupid I know that
Merry Christmas
Running quarterbacks are crap
Go Packers
Why the heck would you go for 2 at the end?
Marquis Brown was wide open,Ravens should have won that game.
Huntley works in this system designed for a QB like him
Bad call by Harbaugh to go for the win instead of a tie at the end.  It's a low percentage play.  There's a reason why teams kick the ball away on 4th-and-2.  You should trust your team to score or defend in OT.  Don't gamble on odds less than a coin flip.
Great game i was on the packers side
If I had a nickel for everytime the Ravens lost the game, on the last play, by a failed 2pt conv. this season, I'd have 2 nickels.  Which is not a lot but it's weird that it happened twice...
With know intersections
That was good game by the backup qb
I think there should be an investigation into John Harbaugh, because somebody is paying him to throw the season. This is the second game in the row no coach NOBODY does that,  kick the PAT that's rule NUMBER ONE! What's the rush??? They work to hard for that touchdown to be knockdown by the coach.
packers have gotten huge handouts every game all season... they'll be one and done in the playoffs.. unless covid hands them another game
Under-the-radar play but 3:58 is offensive pass interference.
Stupid to go for 2
Why is Andrew's character black lol
It really feels like if Harbaugh was less arrogant, the Ravens would be an objectively better team.
Challenging a 12 man on the field call like a bunch of pu$$ies.
How many games ravens gon lose due to failed 2pt conversions and nailbotters when all we had to do is kick the field goal to win or go into overtime we can easily be 11-3 first the steelers game was ours this game was ours but bad play calling failed us on these 2pt conversions smh ravens idk this year still a die heart fan but man I hate seeing them lose this way.
👇👇 https://youtu.be/UTapeU7tmpY
👇👇 https://youtu.be/UTapeU7tmpY
Impossible to beat refs and packers I’m not a fan of either team but I can tell who the refs prefer. To tell you the truth I don’t think I would be celebrating a Td when the only reason you got is cheating
Huntley has Mike Vick energy
How many Harbaugh decisions to pass up the 1 point conversion to tie at the end of a game have to backfire before he questions that strategy?
The Ravens break my heart again.
This Black Back up QB is better than alot of White Starting QB's .....
The Monay talking heads forgot to mention the announcers on TV said as much as they could. The officiating was bs. I thought I was watching Brady rather than Rodgers
Words can't describe how I LOATHE Aikman and Buck
Intense game
Huntley missed brown wide open on the 2 point attempt
Watching the packers is like reading a book without a beginning and an end.
ok - I guess the Ravens did not need that win - why play then? and try to look like you want to win, but then THE ONE play that makes sure you DO NOT LOSE which is to kick and tie the game, you do just the opposite and make yourself LOSE. Makes no sense - these are the most STUPID decisions a coach can make  -
Anyone notice how the Ravens have either won or lost by 1 or 2 points for the last couple weeks?
T Huntley has a future in dis league for sure
Go for 2 with 40 seconds left? Who made that call? SMH
I like that Huntley guy
Packers got lucky this game
Teams that go for 2 like that deserve to lose. 100% stupid.
Why not go for the tie
Ravens what happened?
Packers got the calls from the refs
I was at the game and there were way too many Ravens fans pulling the "if we had Lamar tonight" card and that's just straight disrespectful to Huntley. That dude can play.
Marc Andrews finally got clean passes
Pass is...caught! No flags! What a play!
The days of Ray Lewis are gone! Change has taken over and the players are different. It doesn't matter how many points the Ravens score and defend, the Packers were not about to be sent home 🏠 with a loss!!! No, this game belonged to Green Bay even though it was SO close!!!  And honestly, although I was thinking about another NFC contender that might get to the Super Bowl 🍜, it's going to be a daunting task to topple the Packers the way they're playing 🎴 right now!!!
Serious props to all involved in editing this. Not knowing the score, this was thrilling to watch. Cheers!
It's funny to hear the White analysts/commentators say going for two was the right thing to do. Had there been a Black coach that called the same play, it would've been called a bad call. This might make a difference between making the playoffs and not.
Campbell is undoubtedly the key piece we needed   🤴🏻 Come on packers let’s bring one home before Aaron retires
I think going for 2 should be an afterthought, with the fairly new overtime rules..I don't think there would've been enough time for a "makeable" Crosby field goal. Anyhow, GB all the way through the SB!!  Ps: Huntley did ok except for that last gasp pass was way off the mark sucker!! Also, if Rodgers hits Adam's, it's a TD on the 1st fu*king play!
Man do I hope Arron Rodgers ends up with the Steelers, that has a Superbowl written all over it!!! I feel like Arron Rodgers has at least 3 good season's left Only because of his warrior like style he still plays even though he is in his late 30s.
The refs did a bang-up job to bring the win home for the Packers. They would not have been able to do it without their help. Let's hear it for the refs!!!! Way to ensure the GB win zebras! They really should have replays of those most excellent calls.
I have three words for the Ravens: Fire Greg Roman!  We lost two games in three weeks because of missed two-point conversions.
Greenbay shouldnt be to comfortable we won by 1 without there star qb not good pack
That pa call with lazard was really bad. Good thing it wasn't what cost the ravens the game
Im not an NFL coach because I think the time for 2 point conversions is in the first half of the game. Edit: that, and many many other reasons.
Is it just me, or has Tyler Huntley played better than Lamar Jackson in this game?
Ravens can go for 2 points all they want but only with a better play call. And why call a timeout and let the Packers regroup before the try? Just a bad decision by a coach and O.C.
For a sec I thought it was lmar
Gutsy call at the end.  Smart too.  Take a shot at winning the game.  You don't want to go to OT against Aaron Rodgers.
Green Bay sad
Huntley is LEGIT
The Ravens coach should be fired. Period.
Mark Andrews such a beast
I guess  Harbaugh didnt learn much from that fiasco vs.The Steelers last week. some may say the percentages back up his decision. however  it didnt work for him at all. seems to me in both the Steeler and Green Bay games that Ravens offense moved the ball easily later in the game.so why does Harbaugh worry so much about the coin toss (now with the new overtime procedure) I was surprised last week (fool me once shame on you) until this week he must have wanted to try it again. (shame on him.) Thats rough to say because he has always been a great coach. This is quite a good year of football many teams are in with a chance to win the Super Bowl. good luck to yours.
Huntley has the tools to be a top 10 QB in the NFL. He needs time and training but he has the tools to be great. Now if Baltimore wants to go all in on him that's on them but there is a team somewhere that could use a multi-tool QB like Huntley. He can run, throw, do a sick option play I'll bet as well. His long ball touch seems okay. But again he's young and needs time to grow. Maybe Detroit could trade for him? Wait, no he'll never make it out alive.
Huntly so good cuz he fits right in to what they already have
Take 2 steps back, Take 4 steps, 10 steps back
What an amazing game
He's decent this guy Huntley
Was Jim calling the plays at the end?  How pissed would you be if you broke a rib or sprained an ankle to get this close - just to have your coach out coach himself?  I’m a huge packers fan, so happy with the result, but the Ravens had like 15 players out, second string QB (who on the 4th down call didn’t even have a built in option to run/use his speed), it was a home game, you have all the momentum, you have a man who can kick the ball 55 yards.  Isn’t this twice in a month now?  John should get put on a leave of absense.
Rodgers chuckin dimes son
Hey Huntley, want to come start for the Steelers?
Huntley looks better than Jackson
On God Marquise Brown played his soul out on this one fr fr...all ravens offensive gave their 100%
Praise the football-god for sending this blind Ref, who was the only one seeing a mirage-PI  (Sorry Baltimore),  and praise him for blinding our opponents with 2 Points, to let them make wrong dicisions.  And praise him for feeding the cardinals to the lions and sending his SAINTS over the bewitched Ringholder.  Amen.  What a day !     Go PACK GO ! 😎
Wish GB would trade for Huntley next year.
Kick the extra point in regulation. WTF??
why tf would you go for two at the end. just play for overtime.
10 of the Funniest One Liners!  1. Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name. 2. Borrow money from a pessimist -- they don't expect it back. 3. Give me ambiguity or give me something else.  4. Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.  5. A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 6. Never answer an anonymous letter.  7. I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges.  8. I don't suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it. 9. Few women admit their age; few men act it.  10. I went to the fights, and a hockey game broke out.   Perhaps the most thought-provoking one-liners is "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.Visit needgod.com
How did he not see Hollywood
How stupid could ravens be? Should of just kick that 1 point to make it tide . Smh, risking for the 2points for the win.
Huntley was drafted by GB....
If he pump faked than ran up the wide open gap right in front of him instead of throwing for the 2 they would’ve won
I don't care what u ppl say. Going for 2 is not guts or faith ur team. It means ur scared ta duke it out in ot. Baltimore keeps this up they'll miss the playoffs for the first time since Joe flacco
What a game by the Ravens!!! Huntley had a special game... Mark Andrews is one of the best Tight Ends in the game today and probably the Ravens most reliable pass catcher!
Kick the extra point... Rodgers had 40 seconds left so being up 1 point doesn't matter if you don't stop the field goal  🤷‍♂️ I'm a ravens fan and think Harbaugh is a great coach... but even my wife knew they would throw to Andrews if they went for it. Seemed forced and not well thought out
They shoulda kicked the field goal bro I needed the packers to lose
Huntley is better than Lamar tell me why I'm wrong. He can do everything Lamar can and pass much better
The same ending like twoo weeks ago against Steelers. Why always 2 points?
The ravens then lost two games wanting to go for it in a close game. Decision making is just terrible
We literally gave the Ravens 2 touchdowns cause we felt bad
Real talk, Huntley could be starter for atleast 7 teams bruh 👏🏾
Joe Buck able to call a game again after speculating if Parham Jr. was cold? I don't get it.
Fantastic game. But 2 pt conversation pause at 13:50. I wish that playcall was for Hollywood Brown instead, he's running wide open in the back of the end zone. Everyone expected it to go to Andrews, should've used him as a decoy there
The Ravens have a fast running quarterback, and that made the difference for them. Going for a two-point instead of trying for the tie to stay alive wasn't bright at all because of the odds against success. Still, this was a good game. GB is my team, so Woo-Hoo!
2 things. Huntley can ball & Ravens played hard and never gave up. Last thing 👎🏾 refs terrible call that was no where near PI, it wasn't even a hold. We def got away with that bad call. Go Pack Go
Where is Lamar Jackson the QB
I don’t understand the dumb play calling he did the last two games he gone regret it once they miss the playoffs off that dumb moves
The story of why I have lost all faith in ravens… could’ve used your kicker who is the best in NFL history and tied the game instead of being stupid
too bad the risk didnt pay out for the ravens by going for two points at the end, nevertheless a good game
Jeez! How slow am I, sometimes? I finally figured out why Baltimore are called the Ravens. (Maybe if I lived in America, it would have been obvious.)
Why was the packers secondary playing BEHIND Andrews the entire game??
mark failed us again, john needs to stop being greedy and just take it to overtime for a better chance
I was more afraid of Huntley starting then Jackson! I’d rather the packers play against a hobbled Jackson!
GREEN BAY MAY BE PLAYING WELL  , BUT WITH NO MESSAGE FOR KEEPING PEACE & USING "PACKERS" SHOWS THAT THE ORGANIZATION ONLY CARES ABOUT MARKETING 😕👎 .
Huntley missed the guy in the back of the end zone. He was wide mf open on that last play.
Great match
Packers special teams coach needs to be shown the door yesterday!
The Bible says unless you repent you’ll perish (Luke 13:3)Fornicators,idolaters,drunkards, effeminate,homosexuals,revilers will not inherit God’s Kingdom (1 Corinthians 6:9-10).
Go Pack Go
For a sec I taught Tyler was Lamar
Considering what my boys have gone through with injuries, I’m proud to be a ravens fan.. they never give up 💪🏼😈
Huntley definitely stepped up but Andrews is a beast! Since we just lost of a similar play I think we should've tried ot this time but I still put my faith in John H.
I’ll take this Huntley Over love.   Please don’t leave Rodgers…
Btw... VERY impressed with Huntley. That young man played his position!
probably would have won if huntley threw to hollywood on the 2 point
Lifelong Packers fan, living in Minnesota, from Chicago. My life has been rough 🤣 One point wins are alright with me!
Is it me or have the Packers & Ravens been having some crazy games this year?!. It’s only fitting that this one would be a good one. This has without a doubt been the most entertaining NFL 🏈 season ever. There have been numerous games that have went down to the wire.
Isn’t this like 2 weeks in a row a team decided to go for the win instead tie at the end basically automatic loss
what a great game. my buddy and I went to this game yesterday and i couldn’t have asked for a better game!
I trust Tyler Huntley more than Lamar Jackson ....Lamar needs to be benched
The Ravens should have gone for the extra point into overtime. Then the defense step up, sack Rogers, an interception, a fumble and hopefully go for a field goal to win. That was a stupid call. Harbaugh is an idiot, like with Lamar Jackson two weeks ago. Personally I'd fire Harbaugh just on those dumb 4th down calls.
Why don’t the Ravens kick field goals? Can anybody explain this.
T Huntley legit seems like a more accurate passer than Lamar and he's got some speed too...not saying Lamar should be looking over his shoulder but we all know this is a what have you done for me lately kinda league, the NFL doesn't care about what you've done in the past, they wanna know what you're doing right now.
We could use #2 QB Huntley in NY, as our #1 QB-
Aaron is playing with a chip on his shoulder. He doesn't give a f****.  Being shamed by media for not taking the vaccine pissed him off. His blood is flowing, he doesn't give a F, and he's playing the best football of his career right now!!
We gotta just take the points sometimes. First drive going for instead of kicking the field goal came back to bite us. I believe we would of won this game in OT the packers defense couldn't hold us
Huntley was so prepared for this game.
Huntleys a hell of a backup quarterback. He would probably start on teams that heavily need a quarterback *cough* saints
I hope the Giants go after Huntley!
Once again could’ve had Tucker tie the game, but Harbaugh made the dumb decision to try to go for two.
Is Lamar with a different jersey
Andrews is a one man wrecking crew.
3:41 a lot of people wanna say the refs game the packers the game but like in general these rules in the nfl are soft asf now. How else are you supposed to block a dude 2 feet taller than you and like 50+ pounds heavier than you? lol
Huntley did good even tho he had a open player on last play
Ravens are done
Hollywood wide open for two
I thought that was Lamar Jackson
HUNTLEY IS WAY BETTER THAN BUMAR WACKSON
Lazard needs to go
Y'all know Aaron Rodgers is  Dan Marino with legs
he had brown open at the end but wanted andrew so bad smh
With 42 seconds left why would you kick an extra point with the league's best kicker when you can fail a 2 point attempt instead?
Huntley is better then that trash want to be show off Jackson dude he literally should be the backup can’t throw to save his life specially deep
Stupid to do a two point should have clearly have went for a field goal that shows the couches didn’t trust their defense against Aron lol In over time
Ravens made the same mistake again. Coach should be fired tbh horrible choices
why did ravens make this mistake???
Man Mark Andrews is a damn beast with speed and great hands! Impressive
Close Shave
Ravens coach Harbaugh is an idiot. Cost them the game at the end not just kicking the tying extra point and going to OT, just like he did in the Steelers game.
Ill put Arion Rogers and Adam Jones devante Adams  aj Dillon and  damrious Randall and that defense a playoff push scew Lamar Jackson and the ravens he looks like  a gye who i watched Michael Vick
I can understand why they didn't want to give Aaron Rodgers any chance in overtime to win the game but I don't understand their theory on letting the backup quarterback try to go for a two-point conversion to tie the game when you're the home field you have home field advantage Ravens go show you how much you trust your own team you kick the extra point go to overtime and face Aaron Rodgers you faced him the whole game get a chance to tie it and you blew it don't go for two don't use your backup quarterback and put them on such so much pressure like that it goes to show you they lost the game by a stupid minded play and it goes right to the coaching staff you better look in the mirror and think about how smart you are because that was a stupid play after all that you went through to try and tie that game with your backup quarterback wow and then you went for two good one
Awesome and close win Packers! Go Pack Go 🧀! We never quit!
Two moronic play calls lost it for the Ravens.
We want a Lamar vs Huntley on a superbowl
Їбонуться головою
Very exciting game. Huntley and Andrews were electrifying and should have been given a chance to throw this game into overtime. Kick the Damn PAT,you have a lights out kicker who surely could nail the point after.I didn't see the Steelers game, but are told it was a similar decision made, just a week before.I did see Rodgers and Devante Adams go the length of the field in 0.37 seconds to win a game earlier this year, maybe Harbaugh had flashbacks of that game tape!?!
This was the first NFL game I’ve ever been to…. What a fkn game !!! Go Pack Go
Soooooooo....... You dnt kick it to go to overtime?? 🤔
Unrelated: Adams only had 6 catches for 44 yds and a td vs Backup Corner. Now Ravens play the Rams in a couple weeks and we gon see what that bad white boi Cooper Kupp will do. I bet it'll be double maybe even triple Devante's stats were.
What an amazing weekend of close games! Ravens should have gone for overtime. Really.
Great game! No one should have their head down
As a Packers fan I literally sat in front of the screen shouting "Noooo hes gonna run it again!!" and man he did. And the few times they actually countered him potentially running he usually found another good solution. That man was terrifying. I hope he got some team'sm attention because if this wasnt a one-shot-wonder game then man, I'm looking forward to seing more from that guy.
Green Bay always seem to get phantom calls/penalties that go their way. Every game there is a least one.
I’m tired of them going for 2 man 🤦🏾‍♂️
Troy the way you said that "and they win by one" drives me crazy.....so what we won by one .. it's no different if we won by 21....point is a win is a win..and lets say they coverterted...we have an MVP quarterback and we possibly could have won by 2..
Is there any current coach more aggressive (or is it stupidity?) than Harbaugh? This makes 2 games in 2 weeks he refused to tie to go to overtime and both times it didn't pay.
@13:50 brown was open
Where is Lamar
Dumb play u gotta tie the game , that's a tough gamble
a win is a win
Go pack go
W
will hairball ever learn to settle for overtime?
...Green Bay marching all over Baltimore...
number 5 was wide open for the 2-point conversion
Huntley is one HELLUVA good backup. If the Ravens can't keep him he'll be starting for somebody.  Also, Ravens better pay Andrews.
Refs were biased af per usual.
Ok Huntley definitely balled out. But mark Andrews is a monster. He need a buff on madden  no 🧢
They probably shouldn’t have risked the 2 point conversion shouldn’t just kicked and gone to overtime this has happened to them twice already they should know better props to Hunley they dude is a great QB he could start if he wanted
Huntley was so focused on Andrews he didn’t see Marquis Brown was wide open toward the back of the end zone. He did play a great game though.
Damn if you would had just went for the field goal beginning of the game and kick the pat at the end of the drive they would had won the game easily it’s okay tho playoff when it counts
Why didn't they go for the tie? Or better yet...hit that field goal on the first drive? Bad O.C!
They should've went for the fg the last attempt
As a Utah alum, I’m so proud to see Huntley succeed. He had a great career at Utah, especially his senior year. I was surprised he went undrafted, but even this game surprised me. He’s a baller and can’t wait to see how he does in the future.
13:51 , top of the screen , very very very open guy that been told. hell of a game
Bad play calling in the beginning and the end on the Ravens Coach
Dude way more accurate than lamar
Why not kick the damn PAT??... TF??...
Petition to view John Harbaugh! 👇
What the hell was the raven coach thinking twice, he lost both those game for that team. Smarten up!
Bruh u go for 2 to tie not to win ..this isn’t madden
I like how 28 got the onside kick. Good job
Rigged...coulda easily tied
I’m seeing packers vs chiefs for the super bowl.
Anyone else notice Hollywood Brown #5 was wide open on the failed 2 point conversion? I know the play is designed for Andrews, but he wasn't open at all.
If you follow the Ravens 🏈 just the fact they competing for s play off spot is amazing
We would of won if Tyler threw the ball to Marquise Brown. He was wide open on the 2 pt.
Nice to see the Ravens try for the two point conversion...and try to win instead of playing it cheap safe. OK, they loss, but you gotta respect the gutsy call.
This game was definitely scripted why would they go for 2 when they could have tied it up and head to overtime
2nd time ravens lost going for 2 instead of the easy extra point at the end of the game. Awful play calling.
baltimore defense played gr8 idk why they went for 2... huntley amazing
Hollywood brown was wide open for the 2 point
Harbaugh is doing a really good job at pissing away the season
They didn’t learn from failed 2 point on my Steelers? Interesting.
How is it that LaFleur is 34 and 9 ? LaFleur has 13 regular season wins in the first and second seasons(that makes 26 Wand 6 L) plus 11 wins and 3 losses in this season thus far....(26+11=37 wins and 9 losses not 34 and 9) !!!
Bro why they keep going for two like wtf
2:45 was a mf dot
3:00
Why do the ravens keep going for two they played a hell of a game and threw it away at the end
Huntley has a bright future but it wont be with the ravens....someone will trade for him
Everyone keeps saying the packers defense is good….still trash in my eyes
I wish Packers have somebody like Huntley as backup quarterback.
When u lose by 1 point dang come on ravens🙁😢 but packers are good😳
God bless you guys Always keep God first
God bless don't forget to keep God first
Huntley had Brown wide open man… WIDE OPEN
That was a dumb decision to go for 2 point conversion... WHY???🤦🏽‍♂
Awesome game
I'm a die hard Pack fan, but that PI call was absolute bullshit
kudos to huntley and his performance in this matchup.... although im not really understanding why harbaugh would go for 2 near the end of the game when he couldve just have tucker kick the extra point and then try to go for the onside kick to see if they could get the ball back drive it down the field a bit and then kick the game winning field goal.....just sayin
I was like, did Huntley used to backup Aaron Rodgers in Green Bay? Why is he so good now? Had to google him and he is not that Huntley.
LOL Harbaugh
PACKERS SB CHAMPS🧀
"Players win 'em and coaches lose 'em." - Bill Belichick if your team's gonna claw back in the 4th quarter against such a great team, you can't make decisions that will lose them the game. "yeah but do you really wanna give aaron rogers the ball in overtime?" who says he would've gotten the ball? even if he did, the defense proved itself late in the game. they would've given the team the chance to win. i'm amazed the ravens still have such a good record with all the poor coaching decisions harbaugh has made this season.
This week was more evidence that there are no DOMINANT teams in the entire NFL! The entire league is wide open for the taking!
Since he decided to go for the 2pt conversion, why wasn't the play a stretch Run Option?? They way Huntley was playing it seemed to me like the best playcall. If the blocking is there from the jump hand it off, if not keep it and look to run it himself while having the safety pass in his back pocket that was working for him all game with Andrews.
Why would u go for 2
Rodgers is scintillating
Harbaugh now has 2 losses in 3 games due to gambling on the 2pt conversion on last second drives.. with a kicker like Tucker and all the momentum in the world this one should have been an easy call
As a Ravens fan, i got a chuckle when the commentators were talking about GB having 4 players out.
Did anyone see Brown wide open in the back of the endzone?
That was the worst PI call I have ever seen.
Any chance to take a field goal do it coach leaving 3 on the table & grabbing no points in the red zone is a killer.. smh 2, weeks straight 1 point. With half of the team injured you gotta just settle for OT your QB is on fireee
Huntley had Hollywood Brown wide open in the back of the end zone on the 2pt attempt.
Hollywood Brown was wide open.... Huntley could pump fake and Brown would still have a chance to catch it.
No field goal on opening drive, went for it on 4th and goal from the 4, went for it on 4th and 5 on their own side of the field, and no PAT = a fat L when will these teams learn. I know offense is more fun to watch but losing games isn’t be smarter
Two point conversion?! Really? At home with a backup qb? So bad
Good game!!
Why would you not kick the PAT Harbough??? You are just as stupid as your fans.
Lost 2 games now because they’ve gone for 2 points - Have you really got that little faith you can win it in OT??? It makes no sense to me. Bold move but stupid too.
Huntley should be starting for the Ravens ! Playing better than Jackson's last few games.
Raven fans have always had Down syndrome. Lmao booing that DPI call when it was clearly defense. Lazard did not push off at all lol.
Just kick the FG man! Harbaugh act like this madden or some
Bro John haurbaugh needs to learn how to kick extra points bro u have Justin tucker just push the game into ot
Bold move? Bold move? That's all I hear this season. DUMB MOVE! Better chance to win in overtime...ALWAYS.
Mvs adams lazurne we ain’t playing we need Cobb back
i don't understand why going for 2 with 42 SECONDS left. If there was <10 second left, I agree it was at least a 50-50 call. But with 42s left? You made it, Rogers still had plenty time with one TO to drive to FG range. You failed, game over. A simple math question.
Everyone speaking on Huntley maybe LJ not as good a qb as some think.  Start Huntley
Rodgers, and Brady. Once you score on them, they elevate.. Huntley putting heat on Lamar next contract
Horrible decision to go for 2.
Has one of the best kickers in history decides to go for 2. If you kicked both field goals that game you wouldn’t have needed to go for 2
Huntley is a baller
Era proprio necessario una conversione da 2 punti, in una division(AFC NORTH) così combattuta?
Im i the only person that thinks the ravens have a chance to land Aaron Rodgers??? I love Lamar, but id take aaron any day. I can make a strong case on why it would work for us.
GPG💛💚💛💚
Why you'd go for it with a backup TWICE idk 🤷🏻‍♂️ Congratulations coach  You lost your team this game
mark needs a x factor
Mathematical Formula on how NOT to make the Playoffs in NFL = GO-4 -2 points conversation with 40 secs left to avoid OT.
Going for 2 was a terrible coaching decision
Been bay for the bowl
Huntley is a great Fking QB !!
Love the Ravens , keep going for 2 Guys with 40 secs left in a Game , you giving my steelers a chance YES YES I love it please don't forget to go for 2 for the rest of your s schedule should it be warranted. Rest of the League has the answer is simple Flash the QB out of the pocket and send 2 guys to Andrews way...easy win. Hollywood Brown was open for the 2 Pt conversion wasn't even looked at.
Huntley is a better thrower than Lamar. Until Lamar Jackson goes to a passing academy to learn how to read progressions and timed throws he won't ever play up to his potential
Dammn Huntley is better than Lamar tbh
Fire Harbaugh. I a, not watching no more games because they will keep losing win at least against the packers.
So ein geiles Spiel 🏈👍
Rodgers MVP
Swore I was watching Lamar
Hot take: Ravens are going to miss the playoffs they have three games left and they are 8-6 they play Cincinnati who beat them earlier by big then the rams who will most likely win which puts them at 8-8 then they play the Steelers who they lost too earlier but at this point if they are not out of playoff contention they are close and if Lamar is not back they lose to Pittsburg and miss the playoffs and if he is they still lose and go 8-9 to miss the playoffs
Last week on the road I understand...but this time at home with all the momentum on your side...I don’t like the call.
Isn't that 2 losses in a row forgoing ot and going for 2?  Wow. Bad luck for Harbaugh he has to take responsibility for 2 losses that for whatever reason turned it out to be completely on him even though I think it was the right decision both times.  Tough break.
Good fought game by the Ravens
Ravens lost this game for one very simple reasons which culminating into two Idiotic coaching decisions. The first idiotic coaching decision was in the very beginning of the game when the Ravens were in the red zone within the 10-yard line on 4th down game 0-0 and they decided to not kick a field goal on 4th down and instead go for it. You have four quarters ahead of you at this point That is a completely illogical decision. Then fast forward towards the end of the fourth quarter. About 5 minutes left in the game you're down 31-17. Your defense gets too big stops And your offense takes that momentum brings it to 31-24 And then after another defensive stop and a poor punt which put your offense In a favorable field position in which you have incredible momentum going your way And you guys are able to get another touchdown with over 2 minutes left in the game at this point. Again you guys had momentum. But what does coach Harbaugh do?? He decides to channel his inner buffoon for the second time this game and decides to attempt a low percentage completion play within a two-point conversion instead of a near guarantee completion play which would have tied the game in a field goal extra point. That was one of the most moronic decisions that I have seen this season in football. Oh if you remember correctly he did it earlier this year with the exact same outcome. You would have assumed that he would have learned his lesson. If he had not made these two separate idiotic decisions in two separate games then the Ravens would most certainly be a 9- 5 football team right now and most likely be a 10-4 football team right now instead of teetering on not making the playoffs. This was infuriating to watch.
Best backup for the ravens in years
This team could be 10-4, Could of easily beat Steelers in overtime, in both games should of kicked xtra points and went to overtime
Shouldve went to OT smfh
Troy and Jo are just HORRIBLE!
The Ravens record is better than it should be.
2nd loss for ravens 'cause they don't like to go to overtime...I don't get it
The exact opposite of the TB - NO game
Why would u go for 2? You just messed up your playoff chances
He should had want to brown
And we all just realized Lamar isn’t anything special. This QB could play better than him…BIG FACTS!!!
If im the New Orleans Saints im trading for Huntley ..
Brown was wide open in the end zone at the end of the game .. only if he would’ve seen him
Baltimore  did  it again  , going  for  2  at the end  off the  game and  loose
Why they didn't take just the 1 point I'll never no
WTF did he go for two?
So now 2 games ravens have lost bc the coach goes for 2. What an idiot
Rodgers for MVP!!
Aaron Rodgers is the real goat to wear # number 12!  He is in a way tougher division than Tom Brady ever was.
Not having Kenny Clark on dl really hurt GB. Both teams played good. As a PACKER fan i am happy Ravens went for 2 instead of tying game at 31. I didn't want ot 😊
The same damn way you guys lost last time.
Harbaugh was channeling his inner Pete Carroll.
Ravens whhhhaaaaatttttt happppennnnnnedddddaa???
Brown was wide open in da middle
Thank god they put aj Dillion tae and etc on the onside kick
WHA-TA GAME!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaand stiiiiiiiiiiiiiilll NFC North Undisputed Champions, Green Bay Packers!!! Go Pack Go! A nail biter that we held to win.
Harbaugh lost this game by trying to be smart. 0-0 in the 1st quarter -  in the red zone. Just take the frigging field goal. Chance to tie the game at the end. Just kick the extra point. Rodgers would still have had 30-40 seconds to get in field goal range anyway. What difference does 1 point make? Ravens lose by a point. Sometimes you need to just throw the analytics out the window and be sensible.
Don't the Ravens have any running backs?!
Bro this game was so good , Ravens should’ve won , Huntley had #5 open on the 2 point conversion. But all jokes aside , Huntley is gonna be a problem in the nfl
Ha ha ha… Ratbirds tried to go for 2 again for win instead of overtime. FAIL! Love it. They just don’t learn.
Huntley played so well and probably deserved more than JH not kicking field goals on 4th downs or taking the point and going into OT!! A Rod should win MVP again, his play has been unreal 👌🏻 him or JT from the Colts
Lol it's taken Rodgers 11 years so far and still hasn't got back to the bowl with all the talent. He's a diva and blames his team for everything. And s choke artist
Ravens Pass defense h left the team.. Btw before the 3rd Packers TD that flag called "p interference" lmao.. it is still a contact sport?
Jim Harbaugh gotta be 🔥
Well, second game that Ravens lost by one point... maybe kick the field goal next time?
Huntley over Lamar Ong
Another free win for Rodgers thanks to dumb plays from the ravens and cards
The Ravens are playing to win, they've just came up short against the Packers and Steelers. Baltimore will be just fine over the next three weeks.
why would you go for two smh
Bro! If this Huntley Kid looked for anyone other than Andrews they pick up that 2p conversion
Huntley is like all the other quarterbacks...he's a backup for a reason. Good try, but no cigar.
Woah Huntley had me sweating 😭! Solid player actually
11:05 is a spectacular play in a game with many from both teams! Rogers to Marcedes Lewis who frieght trains over a number of Defenders, the guy is💪 just hard to bring down in this game and it takes a bunch of them to finally do it! 💪
QB is a starter me thinks. Ravens looked good
F the Ravens how dare them
Will say Andrews is on point though!
The blown PI call on the Ravens in the 3rd Q was the difference in this one, GB got a gift. A healthy Ravens team in 2022 will be scary.
@6:03 Rogers shines with a completion through a group of Defending Ravens and the announcers are amazed how he threaded it through them with speed, accuracy and laser precision. What a good game 👍. Lots of mistakes on both sides of each team, but what game isn't? A tough competitor brings out the best in your team you know. Gg Ravens! I expected it to be a tough game 👍 was just hoping it would go Green Bay Packers way.
Even with both teams missing several key players, this managed to be one of the most exciting games this week. Kudos to the Packers and the Ravens.
Compared to Huntley, Jordan Love is nothing!  Time for the Packers to admit they made a mistake drafting him and move on!
Ngl, I'd rather have faced Lamar. At least we'd probs have gotten a turnover that way
Why go for 2 they had no belief in there defense
It’s like this guys for those who has no clues about math, statistics, and gambling.  Going for two is in the neighborhood of 50% chance of making it. An extra point by someone of the caliber of Justin Tucker is 99% chance of making it. This is why the majority of NFL coaches would take the extra point...and it’s got very little if anything to do trusts or having balls. THEY’RE JUST NOT STUPID!!!
For anyone wondering why we went for 2 points. Our defense only has 2 remaining starters left active. Everyone else is injured including every member of our secondary. Literally every db out there was on a practice squad not long ago.
Hard facts
Hey Huntley, I hear Rodgers is leaving soon. You looking for a starting job? I think the packers will gladly take you over Jordan Love.
Why wouldn’t the ravens just take it to OT
You'd think Harbaugh would have learned his lesson by now about going for 2. They failed on 4th and goal earlier. I would of settled for the tie.
What were the Ravens thinking going for two? That was dumb with a capital "D."
Why not go for sure tie, and give the Defense the chance to stop the Packer offense, im honestly asking. even if the 2 points were good, the Defense still would of needed to stop the Offense for the final drive. Maybe they were tired, i dunno...
Huntley And Andrew Scare The 💩 out of Me The Ravens almost got My Packrrdy
Packers are CLEARLY the better team. The Packers tend to beat themselves. This time they did not. Huntley is a force to be reckoned with. He is like Michael Vick. Let's see this young man go the distance.
Wow, that was a strong contender for game of the week. Kind of makes me wish I didn't hate Aaron Rodgers now. But I do, so I'll just say I'm looking forward to seeing him completely blow it in the playoffs like he always does.
I don't want a QB.
Jon harbaugh has to stop going for 2 it would have been cool if they had gotten it but the man lost to Pittsburgh from going for 2
Man, @ around 5:00 mark, watch Green Bay Packer #89 Mack truck over 3 Ravens! Lewis! Go Pack Go! 💚💛🏈🍺🧀
Analytics loses another team a game 😂.  My man Aaron was amazing, but with the way Huntley was playing, I would have taken my chances in OT.  Respect to Huntley.
The Ravens purposely got a backup QB that has a similar skill set as LaMar Jackson so when there’s times like these when LJack doesn’t play, the offense doesn’t miss a beat.
Going for the slam dunk two points was not smart. Didn’t the Ravens learn from the Steelers game? I’d rather see them fight it out in overtime.  It’s 50-50 either way. Did you notice that Huntley does not fumble or throw interceptions like Jackson does? I wonder if Jackson will get his job back.
Huntley looked good, let's calm down on him a bit tho. There is very little film on dude to see what he is good and bad at.
Ravens should stop attempting the 2 points plays. They lost the way two games ago🤦🏻‍♀️😩
Ravens show again they not going to do much when it comes to playoffs💯🤣😆😂 What a choke 😂😆🤣
I don't understand why teams that are able to kick a field goal to tie it up, but go for the 2 point conversion only to miss it. Take the extra point, and believe in the defense to make the stop if need be.
Pass interference.....Hahahaha!. Yelloflagbay Packers. Aaron really need those flags. He probably throws them for himself. Out of his own back pocket, cause he knows the refs are to old to notice.
Oh wow. What a game. Mad respect for the ravens with all they have been through between injuries and all the bs.
I like to see urrnating tree's reaction to this game
Sooo Lamar is just a Guy in the system?!
As a packer fan y’all gave us a heart attack let’s hope we get to see each-other again at full strength
hey!! Huntley my 49ers need a qb!!
Damn number 5 was wide open for the 2pts 😩😩😩😩gg’s
Don't get the 2-point call. Packers were always gonna keep the 42 secs anyway.
So foolish to not kick the point after.
That was a bad decision by Ravens' HC.
Thanks Ravens 😂😂😂
AR MVP! MVP! MVP!
Great game. Huntley should be starter. Lamar sucks.
What a win for the packers.I dont care what anybody says Aaron rodgers is the greatest quaterback of this era.Yes brady has won chips with stacked teams nd he is clutch.When you watch football u cannot tell me brady is better than rodgers as a qb.In a alternate world imagine bellechick had rodgers lol
If you had Andrews in fantasy I’m jealous
Wrote down Tyler Huntley should be the Green Bay backup pre 2020 NFL Draft, and give him like a Taysom Hill package. Glad he's proving me right, like Bryce Hall.
Harbaugh has no faith in his team in crunch timr
What a Game! Huntley looked Great i think Even better than lamar  Packers Defense Missed Kenny Clark in the middle. This is in my opinion one of the Main reasons the Defense Couldnt stop the Ravens! Hes Not talked about so much But we really Need him in the middle of this d line!  But a Great Job of the secondary in the 2 pt attempt they Were there when needed the Most Even if they couldnt stop huntley and andrews the Rest of the Game!
The “Pass interference” killed the ravens
My son Huntley was ballin but he could’ve won it by getting to his 2nd read Hollywood was wide TF open for the game winner
Packers almost losing to the ravens with everyone on IR, Harbaugh ruined it first drive not taking the 3. This is the team atop the power rankings, what a joke.
Bengals winning and Ravens getting stomped. Great week
The ravens had rodgers off the field with a fourth and 10 that would've limited gb to a fg attempt before that bogus game impacting pass interference call. Gb scored a TD right after. A 4-point swing.
2:45 that should have been a pick
Frustrating to watch that PI against Ravens. Very very very unfair. Horrible call. From scoreboard alone, cost them the game.
Great game played from both teams. Happy to see MVS with a fantastic performance.
Did you see how wide open M. Brown was on the 2pt try?   Huntley never saw him.
Any GM of a team who needs a QB that doesn't talk to the Ravens about acquiring Huntley should be fired..  He does nothing but ball out every time he is on the field.
Whats with the Ravens coaching staff? 2nd time this season they went for 2 point conversion rather taking the OT? 😅 can somebody make a point out of it?
I don't understand the 2 P conversion call.
Another great win in Baltimore for the PACK! The Lombardi 🏆  is coming back home where it belongs come Feb.13,2022 @ the Biggest ShoW on Earth.
Bro Hollywood was wide open @0.42
Can't believe Huntley missed the wide open receiver in the back of the end zone for the two point play...
im guna keep my eyes on huntley 👀
What happened with Lamar?
Props to huntley he is doing his best but you can tight the game and go on overtime and we never know you got the momentum ! I dont know if it was a good decision
Fire harbough, ridicolous
As if Harbaugh didn’t learn his lesson trying to do this a few weeks ago.   Bad coaching.   That QB Huntley looked phenomenal tho
Not pass interference. Garbage pac calles as usual
A fan : Cardinals should be no 1 in the power rankings!  Another fan : Putting the Bucs at no 3 in the power rankings is autricious! Don't you know who Brady is?   Lions beat the Cards, and Saints blanked the Bucs.   Packers' fans : Yes.
Yo listen either way we have to score and stop GB to win. John figured lets go up now stop em and we win opposed to kicking the FG going into OT And having to score and stop  or stop and score. He took the short cut I aint mad at him… salute✊🏽 to my Ravens #playlikearaven
dude just play safe
Kick the extra point and tie the game dummies
It was a great game but we needed this win. Nice being bold but tie the darn game up when u got the chance.losing 2 times the same way is heartbreaking.So darn close again.
Good ass come back but packer are better
11 points behind and 12min on the clock, but they went for 4th down. What a mistake!
Huntley is going to be traded at some point no way the Ravens keep both qbs , quite a few teams would love to have him.
Lamar smh is in trouble. Huntley seems to throw the football better than him . But with more game time I can see his improvement in his decision making. But I give him a 9/10. Very good game.
Wow really surprised they didn’t at least try to tie the game for ot
Harbaugh and Greg Roman need to go.
My Son Aaron Jones Did the Ravishing Rick Rude 😂😂
I can only imagining if we had a full team   the outcome would have been different
Aaron's gotta be the MVP again this year
in my opinion this is a stupid game (AF).This is a parody of rugby
As good as Lamar is I think the Ravens need a thrower more than a runner in a QB.
I doubt this has ever happened before...could be wrong...losing not 1, but TWO games when you went for 2 at the end and failed??? I dunno what they're doing.  If they had swept the Browns, maybe they could get away with this nonsense, and what's worse is it really looks like they may not win another game, no matter who's at QB.
Harbaugh has become reckless, not taking the easy 3 on the first drive and for the 3 rd straight week going for 2 and failing , His team should of comfortablely won their division but now maybe not even making it to playoffs
Matt LaFleur now has an .804 regular season winning percentage as a head coach.  Pretty, pretty, pretty good.
Both Teams Played Great. But Two Things That Happened That The Ravens Had The Game Twice. First Off Why 1st Quarter. You Going For 4th Down Play Instead Of Kicking A Field Goal. 2nd One The Ravens Defense 50/50 Chance They Could Of Stop Green Bay. And Kick The Extra Point To Tie The Game. But Besides That Was On Hell Of A Game. Congrats To The Packers
We all know what was going to happen with 42 sec left for Aaron.. But we also know Mason Crosby this season..
Lol thanks for going for 2 ravens from a bengals fan.  Cya next weekend
Well, ravens went for the win 🏆👏
Wtf field goal tie the game and win it in overtime..why the 2 point conversation WTF.
Second week tried close out game and lost instead of just kicking a FG
I don't get why you wouldn't just tie the game with a PAT...
RAVENS need new coaching
Just kick the darn 1 pointer
7:59 pivotal.
Dear John Harbaugh.... no matter how long you keep Aaron Rodgers off the field... it’s all for nothing if you don’t get points out of it. Tuck’s an automatic 3 points after passing the 50yrd line
Hollywood was open in the back i just didn’t like the last play call
Huntley better then Lamar
Ravens owner like🤬😡🤬😡🤬
Ravens have trash defense
IMO - early in the game - it would be better to take the 3 points and get a lead.
I'm be honest. I been a Ravens fan since I was 10. Lamar Jackson horrible.
Coaching cost the Ravens the game...
*For Any Ravens Fans Here Please Contact Your Local Team Representative And Tell Them To Keep Going For 2 LOL!!!*
Just kick the ball...
I cannot like the ravens cuz of this cocky 2 point attempts. So obnoxious
Its Mahomes or Rodgers for the MVP
I like aggressive coaching,  as Bengals fan I wish Zac Taylor wouldn't coach scared the way he does. Bengals should have at least 3 more wins and the division already wrapped up.   Having said that,  I think John Harbaugh is playing a little too aggressive. Going for 4th downs and 2pt. Conversions is great...at the right time of the game. Not sure when you're season hangs in the balance you should be going for 2 to win games...especially when they're only 2 for 7 on the year. Good game by the backup young QB, but happy to see GB win and put my Bengals back on top where they belong 😉
34-9 record is an insane record to have as an nfl coach, kudos to Matt Lafleur, he’s doing big things with the packers organization, I hope they get him his ring this season 🧀🧀❤️
That boy Huntley looking real South Florida. 954 Hallandale 🏈🏈🏈
id be a pissed off ravens fan
Lazard and Adams are the best duo in NFL
lol wouldve won if they werent greedy go for it 4th down first drive of game then last play of game
Joe buck sounds like he doesn't like Aaron rodgers
He had Hollywood wide open  why Andrew's again
A couple of odd calls for the Ravens. Going for it at 4th and 5 with 12 minutes left and then going for the 2 point conversion.
Next 2pt attempt failed Just go OT Sure Ravens could have won both games
I don’t know about anyone else but I’m incredibly tired of zebras pooping the bed week after week.
Ravens need to learn to play for OT
The field goal, come on man!!! Give Huntley another shot to win it, great game tho
is it just me or is the league 4th down and 2-point conversion crazy this season
why not take the 1pt and tie the game?
Huntley needs to be starting ravens got a qb issue not a bad one I'd go Huntley from here he didn't lose they went for 2
Huntley is a superior copy of Watson.
This will help my Bills.  Thank you Packys.
Good looking jerseys by the Ravens.  The Vikings had 50 years to figure something like this out ... but no ... instead, they play in a dome and wonder why they underachieve (like the Lions).
Nice call at the end coach yep just give them the game.bravo
why the 2pt conversion at the end? This is not the first time they tried and failed this season. dont they ever learn? LAME!
Can the Giants draft two offensive lineman in the first round and trade for Huntley? He’s good af and deserves a chance to start
Huntley earned his stripes today 💯 the refs seemed to be helping Green Bay and they still lost by one point
What's the difference between green bay offense and Baltimore's? At green bay everybody is thrown the ball where as Baltimore only throws it to Andrews and Brown. I'm sorry but the Raven's need to fire it's OC and quickly!!!
Somebody farted 1:34
Dumb coach!!!
In all honesty, Baltimore fans are too hard headed to agree but green Bay would have won 31-10 if Lamar played.
What a big Game from Huntley and Andrews. But can anyone Tell me why they try this 2 Point and Not the Safe extrapoint? I mean we have the best Kicker in the NFL!
Ravens got greedy and ended up paying
tight ends are just having a field day this week. WHeeling and dealing all over the league
The  NFL HAS to be fixed if the Ravens really just tried to go for a two point conversion, rather than going into overtime. Even me, someone who plays madden quite frequently, I never go for two to than to give the PAT and go into OT
Ravens could of easily won this game. Should of got the 3 points in the beginning and should of got another field goal to go OT.
Packers fan here, Mark Andrews is an absolute star. And Huntley played very well today.
As a packer fan, Huntley was a terror. Seemed like our rush couldn't get to him without leaving him open to run. His quick executions were so crisp, his shots were on point. I'm glad the Ravens are 8-6 now mostly because I don't want to face this team again in the playoffs.
헌틀리는 잘했어요  레이븐  은 정말 아까운 경기였네요   그린베이 패커스  이래서 내가 NFL  을 좋아합니다.
i hate the whole point after first down thing
Baltimore+Harbaugh+Huntley+jackson=losers
In Rodgers we trust 🙏
Tucker: "Glad we learned our lesson in the Steelers game, and are going to use my golden leg to get this one to overtime."  Harbaugh: "No....that's just what they'd be expecting us to do."
Why do the Ravens keep going for the 2 point conversion, instead of the tie, with the best leg in Football?
Oh Gosh Brown was wide open on the 2pt!
Lamar or Huntlley, same pattern, same football IQ.  They clearly failed their carrer and should think to change for RB. The 2 pt attempt was legit, but you were playing a SB contender, not a lucly loser. Green bay derserved it totally, can't wait to see them during the PO.
Great game
Stupid risk to go for 2. The D just stopped Rogers. They should have tried to make the Packers win the game.
Are you sure it's not Lamar Jackson in a different jersey?
I honestly believe Rodgers will throw 500 TDs before 100 INTs.  When he finally retires his career numbers will   be absurd.
The ravens don't like the owertime 😭😭😭
As a packers fan Ik he’s scared of Rodgers and the offense but I would’ve took the 3 on our first drive and the extra point on the last drive that’s what cost the ravens the game. Or at least called a qb read we were doing a terrible job of containing
I know its still early but i can smell packers vs chiefs superbowl 56 sofi stadium. Please let it happen rodgers vs mahomes the matchup we all been waiting for
Would love to see what Huntley could do on the saints!
bruh yall went for 2, hahaha its not retro bowl sweety, see ya next time lmao. but honestly they played well. GG
nervous ending)
All on haurbaugh.
Brown was open on the 2 point conv for the win.
another embarrassing game where a football team (ravens) doesn't know how to use fundamentals to when a game.
Tyler balled his whole heart out, what a guy.
As the Ravens, I would of definitely trusted the leagues best kicker to tie the game and stay in the hunt for the win
Wonder if the Ravens front office are going to reconsider that $40m+ contract Lamar might get after seeing Huntley consistently perform this well
Why go for a touchdown and then go for 2 instead of kicking the xp and going to ot?
Why the 2 point decision thats 2 games blown by that stupid decision
What's w not going to ot?
Would've left too much time for Aaron rodgers anyway
When is,”Hey , I got a first down” going to end Next it is going to be,.”Hey, I just the ball!!!” Do we all deserve a floor show This is supposed to be football, not the golden globe Emmy oboe award show Do you your job, you win, play away
Que tal si de una maldita vez jugamos la prórroga en lugar de la conversión de 2 puntos
13:40 WHY 2 Point?  Extra Point and OT?!
Ravens fan.  Love John Harbaugh.  He's a great coach, we've been incredibly lucky to have him for all these years, and the fact that we were even *in* this game despite being down to our practice squad secondary is amazing.  That said...home crowd, Ravens have *all* the momentum, we've got literally the best placekicker in NFL history on the sideline.  You kick the PAT and go to overtime, every time, in that situation.  And I'd be just as adamant about that if the 2PT had worked.
They need to stop playing greedy  like come on ravens
2 point conversion away from beating the best team in the league. Future is bright
As a packers fan..Ravens put up more of a fight than I expected
Again it's the 2  points goal :(
Mark Andrews was the only receiving threat for the Ravens and the packers still couldn't stop him.
I'm not understanding the last play by the ravens at all....
Aaron Rodgers is good.  I've seen it all!
https://youtu.be/j-abNPky3RI
I was all in on last week 2 pts conversion but not this week , it was way to agressive
3:10 I didn't agree with low hit.. can't hit high now you can't hit low (at hip) Soon they will be playing flag football.
I would have been IRATE about that defensive p.i. penalty. Barely even a hold on slow-mo. Really not letting players play anymore.   On the other hand  You're going for two with the best kicker in the NFL (BET) and you have a chance to tie it with the GB packers? What. Were. You. FEEELING?  Rodgers a clever MFER tho. His throwing motion looks so crisp right now. What a game. He'll take those kind of wins anytime.   Glad the fans can be there though.. read comment through here as I was scrolling saying it was his first game! That's the only normalcy we have right now!
Justin madebi gon be a beast next season man I love that pick a lot
Huntley has rockets on his feet.
As a packers fan, Huntley was hanging in there with Rodgers today. Super impressive
Idiot coach
Huntley is better than Jackson
Should’ve took it to OT🤦🏾‍♂️
Should have gone for the Extra point and Go For Sudden Death  The Reavens we're on A Roll all Game this Game.
Haha ravens
Huntley is definitely the right backup for Lamar!  Both have some of the quickest feet... but at the end of the day, both are quick to take off as a second option... unless it's a designed play, you have to go thru all your reads first!  Not just go from your first option to taking off!! If either lj or hurley master throwing, they will be unstoppable! The only players right now that seems to throw and run well are Kyle Murray, and mahomes! Maybe throw josh Allen in there too!! No disrespect to Wilson... he's just been off lately!
I'm a huge packer fan and I was honestly so impressed with how Huntley played
Amazing performance by both teams! Nuffr Said!
really good game by andrews
game should have went to OT smh
That last play going for the 2 pt conversion any qb would have seen andrews is trapped and brown was wide open in the end zone behind Andrews.!!! Great call just horrible qb read Brown was literally open
Today was a weird game, especially for my Packers. It seemed like they were going downfield with ease but the defense just can’t close out games. Also all game long Aaron missed a lot of easy throws today, instead of it usually being the receivers running a bad route. Just felt like a very odd game.
Dumb move once again going for 2!
Ravens could easily be 10-3 but going for these 2pt conversions are killing em
Packers fan here. Why did Ravens go for 2 at the end. Kick to level the game and probably force game to OT. Tho giving Rodgers 40 seconds on the clock to drive down the field is not a good option either
WTH is wrong with Harbaugh. He keep costing his team.
Can the Steelers please sign Huntley for next year
I love all the big TEs making waves. Should of kicked the FG in the 1st quarter ravens, you have friggan tucker..
The field goal from the first drive harbaugh decided not to go for...ended up being a bad call. Take the points and we win. But I proud of my team..the game shouldn't even have been that close with all our injuries. I really that we could possibly get blown out. Good win though Pack..see you down the road.
Some team is gonna pay Huntley like 20 mill when he touches free agency
Ravens coach should be fired for not taking the xtra point at the end.            Just Stupid.
I'm new to NFL, but at such a tight moment, why would you go for a 2, instead of a 1, and duke it out in OT. I don't see any sense to that call. Are 2's that easy ?
The Chargers feel the Ravens pain.
Stop all covid mandates or we will never get a game like this again, this are health athletes who prove they can beat covid, with or without vaccines 100% of the time. no testing for no one no more restrictions mandates or protocols period!
Don't EVER take Harbough with you to the casino....
Why not tie the game go into overtime and win why risk missing the 2pts and losing that was dumb
Brown was open in the 2 point on the last play. Scary.
Long time packer fan, but I know how this season will end like usual.
Huntley balled out 😳
Dang it the ravens lost by one point
Can't you please just kick the extra point & take the game to overtime, Mr Harbaugh? Sincerely, a new Ravens fan
stupid call just tie the game you have momentum.
Well coach dushbag. 2-0 in the worst calls this year.
If Huntley,keeps getting all this air time,Brinkley is going to get jealous.
Ravens should have kicked the extra point forcing overtime
Nice play calling Baltimore lol. Way to end a fantastic game
At first I thought that the two-point conversion was a mistake. But it was probably the Ravens best chance to win. Giving Aaron Rodgers  42 seconds against the 31st ranked pass D would not be a good outcome.
What the hell..... they go for 2?....
Brown was open on the 2 point play.
Raves killing then with that bunch nasty formations
The ravens need a new coach. That was some horrible play calling
What a game
Ravens would have won if they went for 3 instead of going on 4th.
Great game 👍 Ravens first of all, just glad that the Green Bay Packers showed up today representing how they really are, because sometimes honestly we don't play our best and give Packer Nation heart attacks, lol. Now, lots of teams are banged up with lots of players out due to injuries or the Wuhan virus, Packers included as we're without some Pro Bowlers. When folks teams don't do as well as we've seen them play, it's easy to jump on our teams about playing like trash or the refs or the coach didn't do this, however at some point we have to acknowledge the other team and give them credit for being professionals good at their game and that's it. Congrats on a great game 👏 to the Ravens, I won't lie, I'm ecstatic Green Bay won, but you guys played well, Huntley did fabulously and congrats.  A Green Bay Packers fan🧀Packer🍺🏈💛💚 Nation, GO PACK GO!!!
5:55 MVP throw!
Mark Andrews is hella underrated. Gotta be top 5/3 TE
Imagine if Ravens had a top 10 receiving corps or a coach who used analytics instead of gut to make decisions. Great trust in Huntley, but putting entire effort on two pt conversion to win it wasted Huntley’s great start
This Baltimore Pack fan is happy af to see all them sad faces tomorrow. #GOPACKGO
can never take those greenbay team colors seriously. they remind me of sesame street from the 1970s
grEat game....hate joe buck...dude got to go
wtf was that decision to go for 2???????? Huntley was playing great and the defense just sacked Rodgers??????????? WTF
ravens figured even if they didn’t go for 2 Rodgers would easily drive the ball down the field with 40 seconds 1 timeout mine as well start Huntley,  Jackson 16 td 13 int on the year
Huntley a release seems a little slow like Tim teebows and he isn’t as fast as lamar, but his accuracy and pose looked outstanding.
Bro played well but brown was wide open don’t force feed bro. mind was made up before the play started
That's the wrong call at the end there. Whether you convert or not, your giving Aaron Rodgers the ball with a field goal shot. Might as well tie the game and see if your defense can make a play.
They should’ve kicked the field goal the first possession
Even though I’m a Steelers fan, I have to give props to the Ravens 1 good offensive player, Marc Andrews is a top TE.
Please nfl start a packer vs ravens rivalry 🙏🙏
Kick the extra point. You made another costly mistake coach.
This is So Funny to Me…… Being Stuck in Your Ways or Just not thinking.  The old way of Football it made sense to try to Go for the Win on the Road. But with the Rule Changes. Your still just playing football…… It’s not Sudden Death any more……… And the way the a Ravens were moving the ball. And they had Amazing momentum going into Over Time.  It wasn’t like some Fluke plays falling together and they land in the Endzone. No it was really Good Football…..  Then to put all that Hard Work,Great Quarterback Play, Play Calling , and Execution on just one play….. is just plain Dumb.
So didn’t get to watch the whole game but I saw 3 plays that would’ve sealed the game for the Ravens. Could’ve and should’ve gone for the field goal early in the game on fourth down. That was a long fourth down but easy shooting for Tucker. Second mistake was honestly what I consider a ref mistake in the 3rd quarter with that PI. It was holding, ball hadn’t been thrown, ball was still very much catchable and ended in the breadbasket. The receiver simply dropped an easy ball. Penalty yes, PI no. Did not impede his ability to make a play on the ball. Third mistake is the obvious one at the end. Everyone knew it was going to Andrews. Huntley should’ve had a designed run to the weak side, would’ve been unexpected but very capable and open play for Huntley if you really need (emphasis on need) the 2 pts and not just tie it up going into overtime with some momentum
Andrews carrying the offense
He blew that 2 pt conversion brown was wide open
Huntley likes to run rather than pass.
SO  SHWEEEETTT...much  love  Tee with  LIONS  NAMED LEO.[the music  worldwide} oooweee...GREAT  GAME.
GEHT DOCH IN DIE OVER TIME AMK! kannse dir nich ausmalen, oder nimm halt im ersten drive 3 pkt mit. Ich hoffe die Browns kommen in die Playoffs
Remember when Matt Flynn popped off against the lions and got big paycheck from raiders. Well Huntley might have just gotten big paycheck form one game.
WTF tie the game!
Soooooooo BASICALLY Baltimore Ravens game plan is to have Huntley say to himself "shiiiiiiiiiiiid Tightend Mark Andrews is DOWN THERE SOMEWHERE"🤔😐😑😑😑😁😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣💯  Quarterback Huntley DEFINITELY has a STRONGER & MORE powerful PASSING ARM than Action Jackson TWIG arm✅💯🤔
E STOKES!!!! #21
So happy for big dog tonight
why would you not kick it LOL??? you get the tie into over time.
No excuses for the packers this year, we have a solid top 10 defense, only other time we have we won the SB is with a top 10 D, they have to make it happen!
Instead of tieing the game the Raven's decided to go for two.... 💥 BOOM IN YOUR FACE RAVENS. GREED WILL GET YOU NOWHERE. but other than that GREAT GAME!!!! GO PACK GO!!!🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀
why didn't the ravens just take the pat at the end??
Why go for 2??????
Overall one of the best games of the year. Ravens fan here and also love the packers their my second team so if we lost to anyone I’m glad it’s Green Bay. And for those who said we shouldn’t have gone for 2 both times these last couple weeks are stupid. Against the Steelers we lost our top corner who I know was struggling but still we were way short handed on the back end. And today if we did kick out you know for damn sure a rod finishes it off. Just ask a 49ers fan. Also great game but Huntley he played his tail off!
Bruh Huntley and Jackson played their last Highschool game against each, these two are like peas in a pod! Huntley won btw
Sure, Green Bay gives up some big plays, and their special teams is subpar, but when it really matters, their defense really shows up
What a scary game green Bay could have lost to backup qb thats a crazy great game by Huntly
Shoulda just went to OT
The Ravens ran what basically amounted to a Pop Warner offense and the Packers couldn't figure it out.
Epic fail to go for 2.  Ravens had the momentum and should of taken it to OT.
Guess Leg Day doesn't exist in Baltimore
HUNTLEY went toe to toe with rodgers thats tufff
Hundley is so much better than lamar. Lamar is sooooo overrated unbelievable
Looking forward to Aaron Rogers Tuesday on the Pat McAfee show to talk about this game.
Imagine if the browns got Huntley
Huntley is putting together some great game film 🎥 he’s going to be somebody’s starting QB next season💪🏾!
GOPACKGO!!! But great game ravens !!! The defense needs to wake up yo !!! I swear every mobile qb been scrambling all damn day because the pack defense playing too soft and no qb spy 😢💯💯🤦‍♂️ special teams too mayyunnn … win is a win but if this continues i already see the pack losing in the playoffs again … another all for nothing season …
S/o HUNTLEY
Mark Andrews doing his SEASON 🙏🏻💯
ngl maybe i dont see it but why they didn’t just take the tie field goal then try make a stop in otw
Huntley and the Ravens played their hearts out today only to lose possibly because the coach goes for it in the 1st quarter instead of kicking for the 3 points and then not going for the tie in the 4th quarter. SMH, but good job Ravens!!!! Coach Harbaugh lost at least 2 games this season
Ravens literally lost this game because of bad coach decisions (going for 4th downs and 2 point conversions) SMH
Great Game! Wow! Harbaugh hasn't learned yet to play it safe yet by making stupid gambles on extra pts.... 4th and short, in red zone, instead of field goals in past couple games. 0-4.👎🏼 He owes his team an apology!! They work too hard to give up games due to bad coaching decisions. They possibly could've been 10-5.
Brown was wide open on the 2 point conversion but I'm very impressed with Huntley
Huntley better then Lamar apparently
I don't see a skill level difference between Huntley and Jackson ... do you?
Great game for the Ravens.  Too bad John Harbaugh got his nuts chopped off trying to go for the win when he should have went for the tie.
Pack attack.
And this proves every week how much heart this team has, just wait until we our fully healthy next season it’s our year. Also S/O Huntley he balled out 💜 #RavensFlock
Huntley lol is better than llamar but the ravens won’t start him so good luck never getting better ever
Ravens keep gifting these games away while it's really hard to convert a touchdown they keep going for it?!
wonderful stuff.  fun as can be.  enjoyin it quite alot.  best year ever.  everybody playin dere earts out.
That's was a stupid call at the end
I liked the decision to go for two against the Steelers, but I did not like it at all here. Going for two should have been on the second to last td if anything  Ah well, still kept it close even with all the circumstances (injuries, bad refs, etc)  Huntley is a straight baller
Two-point conversion my ass 💪
Start huntley over lamar
Thats the 2nd time Harbaugh has cost his team a game this season by not playing for the tie and OT...Way to aggressive at this point in the season esp with how tight the AFC is playoff wise
Ravens loss another game by one point when they go for 2 instead of tiring it and sending it to overtime
OMG!!! Hollywood brown was wide open for that 2pt conversion 🥲🥲 go Ravens though! Way to give the top team in the NFC a run for there money. No one expected that
Whyyyyy 2 point conversion??? Take it to OT and you have such better chances if you win the coin toss especially... So many teams doing 2 point conversion to win rather than tie, why?
Great game. The Ravens fought hard despite being so short-handed. Huntley played like a seasoned veteran QB.
Who else thinks Huntley is QB1 quality
Rodgers gonna meet the 49ers in the playoffs and choke like he always does.
Love it when the Ratbirds lose! Though I have to question these 4th down calls and the play call to end the game. Seems like Harbaugh is getting too cozy with his job.
Packers player of the game, Harbaugh!
Harbaugh is starting to look like an idiot. Just kick the XP and give your team a chance in OT. Twice in three weeks now. Ridiculous.
Did i miss something? Why go for two
Hollywood (#5) was wide open ravens could have won
Why didn’t they kick the football 😡
Hell of a Game!!
Should have kicked the field goal on the first drive and I'm guessing they went for 2 because they wasn't trying to put the ball in A.Rogers hands again with 42 seconds left or even deal with him in over time.
John Harbaugh you’re fired
And once again they are too greedy, try and fail with a 2 point attempt.....
_"It doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile. Winning is winning."_
This game is the epitome of “It’s even funnier the second time!”
Should’ve just took it to overtime
As a Utes fan I'm loving seeing Huntley succeed. That said, go Packers!
the pass interference call allowed the Packers to win.  This was a win for Baltimore.
If only Lamar wasn’t the QB in front of Huntley lol. Such a great 2nd option for the Ravens; could easily start for another team.
2nd time this year the Ravens go for 2. When an extra point would tie it up? They lost both?
Huntley just hasnt been exposed enough for teams to figure his stuff out
Matt LaFleur can't let this happen again. We were so lucky this time thanks to Harbaugh
Ravens coach goes for 2 points instead of overtime.....CORNY
Defense baby!🔥🔥🔥
Mark Andrews is the best player on the field
Big plays Big Performances, lots of Heart, we see u Baltimore, great show, see u in the Post Applause
Can't go for the win when your team battles back like that! Dumb call by Harbaugh.
Go Packers.
They would have won if Huntley took a millisecond to go back to his other read. #5 whoever that is was wide open.
Mark andrews my fantasy savior
why oh why did you go for two?? Harbaugh.  I don't get it.
We could have atleast tied it, idk what John was thinking
Huntley needs to start if not for the ravens then somewhere else because I don’t want to see his talent wasted
Lmao that's the 2nd time they lost for deciding to go for 2 when you don't even need to. They gotta be smarter than that
DAMN! Packers are gonna win another Super Bowl this year! ...said this disgruntled Bears fan.
Again the Ravens made another mistake of going for a 2-point looks like they did not too long ago to the Steelers and still lost I don't know what's wrong with the coach but they need to just go for a field goal and going overtime SMH
Wr on that 2 pt was open asf
Lets go chiefs
Go Pack Go! Also that dude Huntley will be starting somewhere real soon, I'm sure he raised some eyebrows today. Go Pack Go!
I think Andrews could make just about anyone a quarterback
Why go for two?  🤨🤯
NUMBER 1 SEED BABYYYYYY
Baltimore had one receiver and the whole Packers defense couldn't cover
Honestly the most impressive loss I’ve ever seen
People complaining the ravens took too many unneeded chances don’t understand that to beat a team like Green Bay you have to do that. They wouldn’t have even been in the game without playing aggressive the way they did. Period.
To be honest, I thought the Raven would've won, but my favorite team, the Packers, won!!!
what a bad decision not to go by 1 extra point at last play
Why 2 points att in the end? I am from Russia and not so good in football tactic.
Imagine this Ravens team without injuries
I was baffled when I seen they went for the 2pt conversion. Cmon bro really
Hollywood Brown could’ve been hit on the last play maybe but GG Huntley
Huntley is very very impressive.  I never heard of him before, so I need to google him.
Raven went for the 2 point instead of a tie in the final seconds and didn't get it. Interestingly they did the exact same thing against the Steelers and lost last week. I don't see the rationale here. If they get the 2 they still give the other team about a minute to get in field goal range and then win. Rather take the certainty of a draw followed up by OT than hinge your game on a 2 point attempt. I guess you could miss a 1 pointer, Justin Tucker is like the worst kicker ever
Where did this Huntley kid come from he has a lot of game Kudos to him and the whole Ravens team
Props to the ravens Huntley played his ass off, glad my packers won but 100% congradulations to the ravens they fought hard as hell today
Why did they go for two? I felt like they had a chance if they received the ball first 🤦‍♂️
Y they just didn’t kick a field goal to win
Bad decision by manager!
Why tf does Baltimore keep doing that when it can go to OT?! Those are 2 wins y'all could've had
We've so many playoff quality games in regular season, it's insane. Should've gone to OT because it's been a treat of a game.
Analytics biting coaches in the ass. Ravens defense was locked in at the end, common sense and a good gut pointed towards kicking the extra point and taking the OT
This was a hell of a good game, bold move trying to go for 2 points, congratulations to the Packers on winning NFC North and to Rodgers for tying Farve at 442 TD passes.
I agree with the going for it to win. Only difference is I would have had all the action going right and roll Huntley that way and then let him make a run going left. Easy 2 with his feet
Special teams for the packers needs MAJOR WORK. There’s no way it should come down to the last play of the game to win against a team with a back up qb. Props to Baltimore for playing til the end tho they never gave up but my packers won baby
Brown was open for tht 2 pint everyone knows he was going for andrews
What a throw 2:44
Honestly, Huntley looked like a better version of Lamaar.   A true duel threat but is better at pocket passing.   He needs a team.
As a browns fan this is huge
Ravens should’ve kicked the field goal instead of going for on 4th down. That cost them the game.
Why tf would you go for 2 when you have Justin Tucker as your kicker? Did he not learned from last time? 🤦‍♂️
Amazing they lost again on a 2 Point
Shows how little they need Lamar, Huntley steps in and outperforms him 🤣
If the aggressive decisions would've worked out I bet everyone would praise Harbaugh for it. You can't praise or bury coaches for decisions based on how those decisions work out on the field. Process over result
Dumb call!!! Dumb
These games are so fixed. 🤣👏👏👏
Can the Packers please find a new special teams coach ASAP…I’m tired of watching them mess up every week and eventually it’s going to cost us a game
Lots of fixes today... who threw this one?
Imagine having the best kicker in the league but you don't use him.
4:49
2 games Harbaugh' lost for his tem3
Man, Huntley balled out.  Very impressive, as a packer fan all I have is respect for the young man.
As a Steelers fan, I was rooting for the Ravens to lose and they did, so I'm happy.
The MVP race is even now, 1 more bad game by Brady and Rodgers wins the MVP
Glad my Packers won, but lord have mercy. Jackson better be worried about his job. I saw much better pocket composure and a better arm from Huntley. To put 30 up on the Packers this year as a new starter is something else.
Very first drive, and not putting points on the board (3) cost them the game....piss pour coaching. Points on the board , that's how you bet Karen and the the pukes.
1 at home 2 on the road
Lamar Huntley.
Huntley has all the makings of a career starting quarterback.
Pack Attack
Huntley. Steelers? Could you imagine him vs Lamar two times a year?
Green Bay barely won over the Baltimore back up players.
And with that bucs shutout to the saints brady is no longer the front runner for mvp Rodgers is, and GB is the 1 seed with 1.5 game lead lifes good yo
Kellen Moore w/ Huntley @ Jacksonville next year
I can’t decide if Huntley should be a starter next year or if the packers D just didn’t show up
Harbaugh has a gambling problem
Dumbest move you can make is going for two playoffs on the line still got a few games to go. Just wow don't make sense to me you kick the p a t and go to OT
I don't know what is it with this latest mania of going on fourth down or of attempting something like that that two point conversion.. Is it that they don't know that saying that goes: "Better bird in hand than bird in the bush"? Look at what happened to the Chargers last Thursday.
Going for two was kinda ballzy
That pass at 2:47 Aaron Rodgers had so much swag and confidence wit the ball while waiting for dude to get open
I'm glad the Packers won, but I hope it's not going to be a lost cause
As a Packers fan who was at this game, it was funny seing all the people demanding Harbaugh be fired
Huntley makes me proud.
Damn good game man, ravens made this a close game! Go pack go!
Game of the week 👍 🏈 🧀    Too close though GB .. Detroit beat Arizona today so I was concerned the Packers were going to give up a win to the Ravens.
Huntley might have a QB1 job somewhere next year!
Huntley looks so much like lamar
weelll the Ravens season is definitely over unless they can scratch out a post season miracle. people coming at Coach for that "bad" play but its plays like that that get the ravens over alot of times. Also, if we tied it i cant say im super confident that we coulda stopped Aaron Rogers from getting to the red zone
Huntley looked better than Lamar has all year...or it seems that way...I can't remember last time Lamar looked like Lamar!?!
Huntley played like he wants Lamar as his backup
Hell of a game Huntley whoop Green Bay as a fan of the packers I have respect for the team but we just cam out as the better team you know
You have a slim lead your division, and you elect to go for two instead of kicking the extra point to take it to overtime. now you have to go on the road to play the team who can now take a what is essentially a 1 1/2 game lead should they beat you. Good thinkin' Ravens!
Packers are the best
Fire John Harbourgh !
Ravens have the momentum towards the end of the game and you dont trust your team to go into overtime? What is Harbaugh thinking???
Fake fixed BS 💩👎👎🖕
Green Bay PACKERS 31 vs 30 Baltimore RAVENS
these two point conversions and 4th and goal attempts aren't "smart" they're becoming reckless and stupid. Take the points and live to keep fighting for the win
They got burnt all game trying to go for it on 4th, not surprising when they muffed going for the 2pt conversion too. 😑
Idiots going for 2!
Games like this just shows how fixed the NFL really is.
Whyyyyyy must we go for two when we could at least tie the damn game the play calling has been suspect the last 2 games at the end. Come on Man!!!! Great game otherwise but we don't need to be greedy all the time smfh.
Huntley did his job. The coach didn't by going for 2 instead of overtime.
Mark andrews is different
These 2 games are going to hurt Baltimore... how you gonna go for 2 for the win like that 2 in a row
The coach lost this game. They went for 2 last game and lost
Boy did we miss Kenny Clark, it really showed.
Huntley could’ve threw it to marquise and possibly had a touchdown but instead he threw it to a covered mark Andrews hoping he would catch it
That's 2 games the Ravens and Harbaugh lost at the end of games going for 2 to follow analytics
were to good
Packers are looking great, the Gm better resign the players we need
That’s wat being greedy gets you ..if he scored twice and came brought y’all back ..trust your d and win the game Smdreads
Who else thinks it’s lame as hell seeing packers fans say “go pack go”? Sounds like a high school chant lmao
Huntley is a poor man's Lamar Jackson
The AFC north I think will be decided on who avoids covid the most cause there is no clear cut favorite in that division
And that’s the difference between the cheifs and ravens. With a minute to go they both score touchdowns but the chiefs decide to go for kick and tie the game and confident that they can win the game in ot. Which they end up doing. But the Ravens decide to go for the 2 points and win it there and then which they don’t which shows they were not confident in going into ot. Which they should have done because they had all the momentum. That’s why Reid is best coach in the nfl
Who tf called for a 2 point conversion when you couldve tied...?  Idiots
Hollywood was WIDE OPEN on the 2pt conversion but Huntley pulled a Lamar & force fed Andrews🤦🏽‍♂️
Andrews and Huntley really clicked.  Win or Lose....Props to the Ravens for going for the win.
Did Lamar even play
I don't understand going for 2 to win. Especially in the last seconds of the game. What kind of late-game strategy is this? It's already failed before. That's now 2 losses that have come down to coaching.
Why haven’t I heard of this qb yet😩😩
Dillon is insane
Gotta be the dumbest call I’ve ever seen to go for another 2pt to win it instead of going to OT when you have the momentum
As a ravens fan I love Huntley and love for him to stay here...but as a regular fan I want him to get a opportunity to actually start and lead a team Huntley deserves it
I love my green bay, always super humble, great game ravens 👏 you guys played very well
So we ain’t gone act like that pi called was horrible and Hollywood brown was wide open on that last play. But still good game
Whyyyyyyy why tf wouldn't you just tie it 😒
Mark Andrews is killing right now!
There should be a tyler huntly trade to pitts or lions, cheap trade and one hell of a gem out of it.
Weak pass interference call at 7:58  Seriously that could be called every play.  That is garbage.
Huntley will be a starter somewhere next season his value is 🚀
Imma packers fan!!!! But Huntley is a great QB! Very very impressive
Letting a rookie QB go for 2 instead of going to overtime bad idea
*Aaron Rodgers!* 💪🏽😏🧀🏈🧀🧀
Packers fan here Huntley did his thing
Dumb play  the end should have kick to tie the game dumb decision.
See ya Jackson…  Bye Bye…  Welcome Tyler Huntley…  Hello Hello…  (And I’m a GREEN BAY PACKERS FAN… By the way…)
These bullshit analytic type calls suck..why go for 2 when they could have tied it
3nd game we lost like this, why not take it to overtime
Wish we could’ve won some of these close games but it is what it is. RavensFlock til the end baby!
If this was Madden I'm trading Lamar Jackson and a 3rd and 4th for the 1st overall pick and second rounder, and then starting Huntley. The best playthroughs are with the best stories.
Terrible play call on the 2 point play
Packer fans everywhere are saying "thanks JOn Harbaugh for not taking the 3 on the opening drive and going for 2 on the last drive",,,, didn't he screw up a game ender a few weeks ago?
Whooooeeee!!!!!!!!
Listen, teams play GB like its their last game. We get this every week.   Teams usually let down after playing GB. Then test if a team is to win on the road and win their Division.. Congrats to the Packers on winning the NFC North.
He had a guy open in the back of the endzone before he threw the ball to andrews they knew he they were going to andrews.
Why do teams go for 2 points that's so stupid. Just go to overtime and trust your offense
Damn, 2 point conversions keep killing them.
Packers match on against the Ravens and Andrews......
I've known for a year now that huntley is a better passer than Lamar. That's not a hard feat though.
Ravens are the dumbest team in the NFL, they have Justin Tucker, the greatest kicker of all time, and they decided to go for two. Twice. Against the Steelers and the Packers. The Steelers shouldn't even be in the AFC North race, but because of how stupid the Ravens are, they are. Just so you know, I am a Steelers fan.
Wide open so fixed
Huntley and Andrews different
Y not go into ot lol
Gutsy gamble, that's what sport should see more of. It's only a game after all.
Rodgers has an unfair advantage...he is unvaccinated.
Not a GB fan but they look like the team to beat in the NFC
Ravens went for 2 because they wasn't supposed to win, rigged football
Packers team love
This the second time Harbaugh didn't believe in his defense after the offense gets back in the game resulting in two losses....he feeling himself a little bit too much all this gambling he doing like he in Vegas
Packers defense still scares me but at the end of the day a win is a win, I would really like to see the defense cover a tight end for the first time in 30 years. Rodgers missed some easy passes that he usually doesn't, it would be nice to get zadarious and Alexander back for the playoffs the two best defenders they have and two of the best in the league. If they can get it all together they are probably the best team in the league.
So glad the Packers won. I would love to see Huntley get an opportunity to be a starting QB elsewhere.
crazy how they're gonna snub aaron rodgers from mvp
Ravens are done ..no playoffs this year thank ur coach ..
Raven lzzzzzzzz mmmmmmmm yummy for my tummy  :))
Go Pack Go 🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Huntley should play the remaining season while Jackson recovers . Ravens played a hell of a game today.
Why would you go for two?!?
Wtf why not go for the field goal damn that’s stupid 🤡
Green Bay is known for losing games to backup quarterbacks and people that run like Michael Vick.  Rogers missing so many throws and they don't run it enough
Great Performance Huntley (Go Ravens)👍
Ravens y’all are the laughing stock I’m all of the nfl right now yup worse then Arizona loss to the lions
The outside defensive players can't contain Wanna Be The Hero contain contain contain bend down and Tackle low
I’m a Ravens and I’m glad we went for 2 I just believe he should’ve looked at Hollywood. I don’t like that we didn’t take 3 on the first drive of the game. We are 8-6 and will still make the playoffs. We lost by 1 with a hurt Ravens team , so imagine if our team was at full strength. 💯
Harbaugh is driving the Ravens season right into the ditch with these bad coaching decisions.
Time was, a serious coach wouldn't consider to risk a game on a two-point conversion gamble! But, the modern game is played differently. Have you ever seen so many fourth down conversion attempts!
Big mistake not to kick extra point. Time and place for everything but that wasn't it. Esp this far into season..
Ravens should keep Huntley and trade Lamar for a top WR.
Harbaugh should learn about something called an extra point. It's pretty good from time to time.
If the Ravens would have kicked a field goal off the bat, i would be crying right now.
Huntley had a great game! However, he should have never gone to Andrews on the 2-point conversion when he saw the defense flow that way. If he'd only looked to the area of the end zone everyone was leaving he'd have seen his wide open receiver (#5). This will be something he'll certainly pick up on tape, as he should have known that route would be available. Monday morning quarterback on Sunday night. lol
cant wait for tuesday for pats show!
Huntley won't replace Jackson..he isn't a week to week starter some flourish as back ups and not starters ..let him start 3 or 4 games in  row ..you will see why he sits the bench as a back up
Wow....jfc, just tie the game and got OT.  What's the excuse this time?  Ravens are @home, they're so pumped and hyped with the last touchdown.....so let's go for a play that could've fail to lose the game???  I would be really mad if I'm a Raven fan at the stadium.  This would felt so much worse than any other outcome in the OT.
that's 3 in 3 weeks. way to go Harbaugh
Huntley needs to start. He's doing a damn good job running this Raven's offense!
I Like Huntley Journey to the NFL...He's a Great Player...He's  a Proven Winner.....
Seems all the rage for NFL coaches to have a 4th and goal and go for it early in the game. Usually  the previous 3 plays were poorly conceived and instead of taking the 3, they go for it. Not a smart move. The same coaches late in the game will be down 10 points and have a 4th and 3 and punt. Makes no sense.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing expecting different results. Come on Harbaugh.
Can Atlanta get Huntley? We'll give them Ridley.
Ravens are you kidding me??? You went for 2 AGAIN? Wow 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Why in the world did they go for that 2
Can someone explain to me the two point conversion logic? 🤔 even if you convert, your up 32-31 and Green Bay can still come down and attempt a game winning field goal. Is it a 100% percent guarantee that Rogers comes down and wins the game? Is the defense allowed to make a game saving play to send it to overtime?  I just don’t understand attempting a two point conversion to go up 1, when that doesn’t guarantee  a win. If you don’t convert you lose the game outright instead of a fighters chance to send it too and win in overtime. Anything could have happened pick 6 or fumble but you leave it on the field. Had they converted that attempt, the ravens would have had to make a defensive stop anyways up 1!!!!!! Regardless of a successful conversion or not they would have had to put the defense back on the field to stop the packers from a game winning drive or field goal attempt. The Ravens basically drove all the way down to get a tying touchdown, only to go for a risky conversion that had potential to lose you the game instead of tying the game for a chance at overtime. Will some smarter football mind or Ravens fan please explain the logic of that attempt?🙏
Harbaugh screwd the team ND fans as usual  ..so many 4th downs when he should of punted ND at end goes for 2 ..again he is desperate and cost the team another sure loss because of his arrogance  ND stupidity
Rodgers was typical Rodgers but my eyes are open on Huntley. Dude needs to be a starter somewhere.
Trash call on the 2pt conversion
Stupid stupid play reverse play QB run ..play call sucked
Y tf they went for 2.. they had momentum they would of won ot
The game ain’t decided on the field 😂 Fixed for Rodgers 😂
Contain must not be a concept familiar to the packers defense.
I was at the game it was an amazing game
Should've just played for overtime
I LOVED the 2 point try at the end, which was what the 2-point conversion was all about.
Um, extra point?
You’d think at this point defenses would try and not leave Davonte Adams wide open lol. I mean I know he’s arguably the best route runner in the NFL but still the amount of times Adams just gets left alone to run shallow crossing routes is insane to me. Treat him like Tyreek Hill and always have 2 or even 3 guys covering him at all times. Huntley was awesome. -Chiefs fan
have the ravens not learned to not go for the 2pt when the game is on the line
Too bad Joe and Troy kinda well really suck.
Go Pack Go!!
Marquise was open🤦‍♂️
HE IS THE BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD MAN!!!!!!! WOAH!!!!!!!!!!!
Huntley completely missed Hollywood for the 2 point conversion
I think this performance by the ravens and Huntley could serve to expose Lamar as a product of the offense rather than a true elite qb. Mark Andrews in particular is the type of player that makes any quarterback better. Huntley looked just as good as Lamar on any given night (not every night cuz Lamar has had some insane games lol)
Some decisions are too bad... firstly go for 3 pts at the start, then you don't need to go for 2 at the end (which wasn't also neccesary)
They need to run both QB's. That was a performance by Huntley
I’m a cheesehead but andrews went off in the end zone tonight.
Horribaugh is Terrible
Love the Game!! Calling all owners&players in the NFL,NHL,NBA&MLB to donate 20%&10% respectively this financially tough holiday season 4 food security, kids toys,sweets,books& hygienik products. Will lovingly volunteer brain&muscle 2 deliver the goods throughout North America days before X-Mas.
Thats the second game harbaugh has thrown because he wants 2
Well someone hasn't learnt their lesson,  just take the extra point ffs
The ravens backup looking better then the 1st rounder qb the packers traded up to get to replace Rodgers SMH
Huntley's stock just shot through the roof today!
Packs will win this year!!!!!!
Ravens are retards when it comes to 4th down 2-point conversions
That was stupid coaching at the end should have kicked a field goal to tie it and go to OT
Not easy attempting to sack Huntley but the Packers escaped with a narrow victory following a huge defensive play on a two point try
First off, teams need to stop being greedy and going for 2 instead of the extra point. That was the difference maker. Secondly, where did Baltimore find this Huntley guy? He has lots of potential. He has long arms and speed. If he stays healthy, he's gonna go far. Third, all I heard was Valdez-Scantling's name all night. 🤣🤣 Good game to both teams tho. That was entertaining 👌🏽
Media pundits and casual commenters if Huntley played for the Patriots:  HuNtLeY iS tHe NeXt ToM brAdy
Monstrosity of play cAlling.  Any fool knows you don’t chance it like that against a complete team such as GB. Where’s his brain?
somehow i knew my packs gonna win this game super super super close
Lmao a failed two point conversion to lose the game again 😂
Controversial Question. Why do we keep going for the 2 point??? People say it’s smart, I thought we played to win
Why did the Ravens go for 2? Their defense did well on the last drive and their offense was dipping n dunkin
They almost lost to a backup Qb
Unpopular opinion. Love Lamar but Lamar is way to inconsistent. Not saying Huntley is better after all it’s only been 2 games. If Huntley shows more consistency than Lamar 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️probably expect less Lamar. Bottom line is Lamar is easily replaceable
Going for two was really stupid
Gotta hand it to the Ravens for going for it on 4th down so much. Other teams just wouldn't take the chance, really shows how much they wanted it
LeFlur 34-9 and still no Superbowl appearance.  Irrelevant statistic, unless you like to be a perennial playoff loser.
They gave the game away.
At first I thought it was Jackson playing but then when I saw how high the completion % was I realised there is no way that is Lamar lol
Wasn't Huntley on the Packers for awhile?
Crazy game
Huntley better than Lamar
wow.....Harbaugh learned nothing from the Steeler game......not to mention, you are AT HOME, so playing for the tie would not be a bad thing to force overtime.......and of course, another genius Head Coach and refusing to kick a field goal on the opening drive of the game....cost them the game....oh well.....Thanx, from a Steelers fan!
You can’t win this game playing to impress or trying to get a job. The ravens will miss the playoffs without LJ
I'm a ravens fan and I'm happy with our team in this game. We have a list long enough of injury Santa would decline, Lamar out but Huntley is a dawg. I'm glad our back up is a mini Lamar 😂
So a rhino is coming straight at you, you go to the thigh area and that’s a low block?
Deja vu
Harbaugh is a complete idiot. I been saying that since Lamar came there. His team has all the momentum. Got within 1 point. He goes for 2. Even If they go for the extra point and they lose the coin toss, the team is fired up. They are stopping the Packers. This guy has no clue how to coach and knows NOTHING about momentum and team rally. Look at what he does in the playoffs. Idiot
Ravens Coach Retarded With These 2Pt Conversions.. Guys Play That Hard, Give Em A Chance In OT
The call to go for 2 at the end instead of tying for OT is baffling. Why not tie the game?...
What a great game vs a great opponent they should have played it safe and kicked it though imo
Aaron Rodgers coming through again, tough team on the road and we get an impressive win with Rodgers playing great, (meanwhile that guy in Tampa yet again shut out in the first half to New Orleans)
Lamar who??
Ravens need to learn to just take the XP and go to OT
The packers would be an 8 win team every year if they weren't the luckiest sports franchise in history. Of course they don't have to play Lamar Jackson.
Despite losing Huntley played great but it is what it is we move on to our next game
that was intense great game!
The two point conversion rate is around 48% league wise. So, when teams go for two in situations like this, they are basically saying, "Here other team, have a bettter percent chance of winning." But also, when you have your backup quarterback trying to convert the two, I almost garuntee that the conversion rate goes down. I don't get these kind of stupid gambles.
Why would the ravens go for 2, they have horrible 2 point conversion history this season, plus they could’ve tied it and had a better chance in ot, maybe getting the ball and scoring a touch down
Mark Andrews is a monster
I cant believe he went for 2 again at the end of the game didnt he learn from the steelers game? Lmao 😆😆😂
Hell yeah let's go packers for winning the game
Dude 5 was wide open on that last 2 point conversions
How dumb is the ravens’ coach. THREE GAMES IF THEY USED JUSTIN TUCKER at the end, they would have a bigger chance to win.
Ahhh yes another heart pouching lost 😞 Huntley played like a monster, I just wish he saw Hollywood wide open.
Fixed.  What idiot would go for two?
What is this new reckless, stupid going on every 4th down, ravens could've put it in ot, your kidding me, they gave the game away, Stupid football. Omg.
I don't understand why to take the risk of 2pt when you can simply draw it out with FG and then OT, especially with the way Huntley is playing !??
What a stupid move to go for 2 points in that situation...
Such a stupid move to go for 2 at the end! That is gambling!
Aaron Rodgers to Pittsburgh and Huntley will be with the Packers next year
This is why you don't go for it on 4th down in the first quarter smfh
Special teams are going to cost us in the playoffs badly
Idk why Ravens chose to 2-point conversion. I think they should have chosen OT
Great game today. Rodgers touches are so effortless wow Andrews a beast Huntley played a great game. Looks and moves like LJ! Shoulda went for tie.
John Harbaugh in the Ravens got to be working for the commissioner's office with those stupid decisions he's making
The Ravens technically handed the Packers a win. Should have taken the extra point
John Harbaugh has got to be "on the hot seat" now... he used to be smart, wtf happened??
So far great day to be a packer fan, lions beat the cardinals, we win the NFC North, and if the saints can do what they did the first half against the bucs we will have a full game ahead of both teams.
Let’s go packers we ain’t done yet 🤬
Kick the extra point
Stupid gambling!!!! Score easy points!!!
I want to know where all the people are that was calling me a dummy for saying he needed to be fired for these stupid going for 2, and  fourth Downs an aggressive decisions he needs to be holding a clipboard for Urban Meyer with the decisions he's making.
Keep ballin’ Huntley
Stupid fourth-down play near the goal line that could have been a field goal and then that stupid two-point conversion at the end of the game cost them the victory
Lowkey the ravens go for it pretty often considering they have the best kicker in the league.  I don't really get it tbh, just take the points
I can’t believe Huntley didn’t see Hollywood wide open on that last 2 point..😭
Harbaugh cost his team 2 games now🤦🏼‍♂️😂
Yo Huntley is really good
Harbough strikes again. He always out coaches himself. Should be old by now.
I will stay with Huntly instead of Lamar Huntly is a quarterback Lamar is a runner for me Lamar won't never see a Superbowl
props to Mark Andrews...he is a beast...
I'm glad the Packers won but holyshit why would you go for a 2 point conversion take? Take the extra point and go into over time.
#5 was open in the end zone on the 2 pt conversion play.
As well as Huntley played if he looks up on the 2pt try he'd have seen that Brown is wide open and we may have had a different result
can ravens play 2 running qb at the same time
Man should’ve just kicked because they have the best kicker in the league
no one knows how the game wouldve played out if the ravens took the 3 their first possession. that first 3 points would have dictated what the packers did the rest of the game. packers wouldve gone for a td rather than field goal on some of their drives. it all would have been different. it all depends on what ifs.
Ravens HC: what is a kicker? Packers DC: whar is a Qb spy?
Y do the f-ing Packers always have to make it so close and give me gray hair
Second time I see them not choose Overtime. That’s just crazy
I love that the purple browns keep losing.   🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
Goddamn gotta getmee summa ivermectin
MARQUISE BROWN WAS WIDE OPEN FOR THE GAME WINNER WTF
Huntley is having a better job interview than Heinicke
Hollywood was wide open
LMAOOO  Harbaugh lost the ravens 2 games they couldve tied but decided to go for 2
This game was lost by the coaches.
Bmore coaches cuz this lost not the players tf 😤
This new ravens team were at there peak when they had two star tight ends. They need to get another tight end in the draft
Do the Ravens know they have the best kicker in NFL history?
definitely had a playoff feeling
Huntley impressed me today I wish I could see him start again so I can see some consistency. I now want to know if Huntley is a starting QB in this league.
Flag
Wtf is this
What an absolute idiotic decision to go for 2.   You had a practically guaranteed way to keep playing, instead you chose to get 0 points when you were down by one.
Thanks Harbaugh for the win. You've been really kind to the steelers and packers the last couple weeks.
Get. Bateman. Involved. And Mandrews is a monster.
Congrats to Huntley! Great game and he had a great balance of running and throwing…I can guarantee there’s a lot of teams out there that need a QB that are willing to give up a first for him. He’ll be starting for a new team pretty soon, off season by the latest
This like the 3rd game they lost like this
Wow what a game!
Godgers is so good. Best QB ever.
Really John you didn’t just kick the FG
The packers need MVS to be that #2 guy. Also love how Aj Dillion earns every single yard dude is a grinder
ravens coaching is so dumb
Bills fan. No love for the AFC north at all. I am so impressed by this Baltimore team. Easily the most decimated by injuries at all key positions on both sides of the ball. They do not quit. they do not relent. The way they play for each other and their coach is outstanding. Bravo. And hey having a backup that's better than your starter is a good problem to have!
Where my “As a ______ fan” people at?
Yep that’s them making a dumb choice for the 2 point conversion when either Huntley Runs it or passes to brown wide in the back of the endzone
Go Pack Go
That's the second time this season I've seen the Ravens didn't go for the extra point and ended up losing on both occasions, thats not good.
Huntley kinda looked like Lamar a bit there
Me: goes to M&T Bank Stadium to watch the game live in person.  Also me: watches highlights of the game on YouTube as soon as they're uploaded.
Good , fkn dumb choice
even tho we lost. im very happy with the Job John is doing! with all our injuries to play like that says alot bout this ravens team!
Stupid decision ravens. Should have kicked the extra point.
Should've played for Overtime 🙄
Why did they try for the 2 Point conversation instead of the east tie? STUPID.
Huntley is Lamar Jackson’s twin
Go Pack Go!!! We're on the track to earn #1 seed
Brown was open last play
Brown was open bruh
As soon as I saw them go for 2 I was like, "and this is where they fuckd up" 🙄🙄🙄
Ravens.. flocking!!!
Wow!!! I know I been out of the outside world for over 5 months but Ravens going on 4th down on their own 30 and giving GB a short field then not going for the tie to go to overtime and they lose by 1 serves them right to lose this game but that new QB looks good oh well its not for me to figure out the football or sports world now I got other problems to worry about more important
IDC win lose or draw I'm a proud Ravens fan... And this Year we've faced so many adversities and we continue to fight.... GG Packers.. one hell of a game.... Great job on T. Hunt stepping up for LJ8!
💜🖤💜🖤
Had no dog in the fight, but harbaugh's a bonehead. Huntley and the offense score 13 straight, with a big stop on GB in between. The momentum's yours. Take the tie and your chances in the potential OT
Baltimore should've kicked that last field goal they were not doing that great inside the 5 but huntley still balled out
Rodgers almost choked that game away. Put up points fs, but that 3rd and 5 sack was terrible
Huntley is just a Mini Lamar
I'm a old old school browns fan and hate the Ravens because there really the original browns but that being said the Ravens coaching should be fired for not taking the extra point and going into overtime especially since Ravens defense was gaining momentum and more then likely would of carried over to overtime just a couple minutes away. Stupid lost
9:28 I freeked out seeing the Lions beat Cardinals.
Damn He Had Hollywood On The 2 PT Try🤦🏾‍♂️
13:50 Marquise Brown was open.
Tired of us being uber aggressive. We are an injured team!!! Stop going for everything
Oh mannnnnnnnnnnnn. Gutsy call going for the win. Really sucks that you couldn't cash in.
Ravens Coach will send to Mars😂😂😂
Yeah I definitely think Huntley is better than Jackson. Definitely experienced as a pocket passer, has the awareness to notice a broken play , scans the field, and moreZ dude should start another game or if Jackson isn’t doing it for the 1st half next game, put Huntley in. He’s not gunning for Lamar but he’s got something to prove. I’d hate to see him go after this season knowing he has potential to out play Jackson and better the team.
Good game
2nd time gambling for 2 pt conversion thats decided the end of the game. Stop.... just stop.
🧀
Ravens would have won if they took the field goal first drive
What The Factual Uck?  Why didn't they boot the PAT and play prevent for O/T?   I don't understand what I just saw.
Why go for 2?
Huntley is pretty good. Kind of similar to Lamar. Not as explosive but I think can throw just as good if not better than Lamar
The Ravens deserve to miss the playoffs for their stupid decisions lately
Just go for the extra point, hell you had the momentum, packers were starting to make mistakes, they put all their energies into one play stop the two-point conversion, should have dragged out the game as long as possible the ravens had the energy the green bay packers were lacking
will someone tell me how that coach is not fired? what an ass..
You cant go for 2 like that at the end, they shouldve known better.
Ok but can the Packers win the NFC championship game for once?
Run hard tackle hard block hard pursue hard tackle with some umph know when to hold n fold...VS ASAF ASAD ASAB ASAZ ASAS
Packers first TD was a FS on the RG.    Lots of FS this year.  Mof, it's an epidemic, and worse season I've ever seen
Tyler Huntley is a playmaker man he played his ass off tonight good for him that dude can play 💯
lots of packers fans apparently in the crowd!
Looking like L.Jackson gonna need a new jersey soon
This is the 2nd time the Ravens lost due to not sending it to OT. There is a thin line between Risk and Stupidity.
WTF are the Ravens doing their at the end. Oh. My. Goodness.
Time to get rid of Harbaugh. His arrogant ego is costing this team games.
Packers defenses still suck....
Good job by bootleg Lamar there
I think the Ravens wanted to lose this game and I'm glad they lost because of stupid decisions. The fourth down going for it and the last play of not kicking to tie the game doesn't make sense.
Harbough is such a dumb coach. This is the second week when he decided to go for two points rather than kick a field goal which would have tied the game and put it into overtime. Dumb, dumb, dumb.
The Ravens were decimated, yes. But The Packers were playing without their top 5 offensive linemen.   Give that unit credit.
Iam a falcons fan.but that game packers and ravens wow.game to remember
Well its not the first time Baltimore goes for 2pt conversion and fails miserably
I wonder why did they go for the 2 point conversion ? Sounds like Vegas books involved
GB leaving too many points off the board. Suprised Rogers missed that corner shot to Lazard
This was 100% a good game! I wish it was overtime but still a good game, now Packers need to beat the Browns so they beat the entire AFC North
There's a time to go all in 4th down and a time to kick a field goal. I would be pissed if I was a defensive player. It just shows that your coach don't have faith in your defensem
Why would you go for two 😕 🤔 🤦🏿‍♂️ravens headcoach
Huntley's for real.  And he had all the momentum before that 2 point try, not to mention 4th down with ELEVEN minutes on the clock. The Packer's special teams is a total trainwreck.  G.B. needs some starters on this unit for the Playoffs.
The biggest mystery of the NFL season is the packers defense. Ranked 6th overall but look garbage. My guess is stats are misleading cuz this is not a top 7 defense right now
What the heck was Harbaugh thinking??!!! You're at home with seconds left in regulation time, and you go for the much riskier 2-point conversion?? That decision was a no-brainer: there was no brain involved in making that choice.
Nfc north green Bay Packers are champions I hope Will get to the Super Bowl this year 2021 💛💚💚💛💛💚🏈🏆
Andrews the real MVP from this Ravens team
Wow!
They have gone for win and lost by 1 point twice🤦‍♀️
Why does that idiot go for 2 points lost his team 2 games that's stupid especially  when AFC so tight
People will blame the Packer defense for allowing the comeback when they should take note of how once again AR choked in the big moment. First, he missed a wide open Lazzard on a TD that would have sealed the game. Then AR gets the ball back with 4:40 left only to lead the offense to a horrible looking 3 and out. With the game in the balance and the Packers leading, don't count on AR to put the game away. Also, Harbaugh must not have known about AR's Overtime record before deciding to go for 2pts.
This game was much closer than I thought 🤔 that it would be, but I just knew that the Packers were going to defeat the Ravens!!!
Ravens may have lost the game but gotta love the gutsy call to go for the win.. I can see Ravens fan completely disagreeing with this take but the NFL is a better league when coaches aren't always playing it safe.. Great game..!!!
Can we talk about how the ravens decided to go for two rather than to just take the field goal and go into overtime
This has got to be the best game of week 15. Incredible scoring drives from both teams.
Great game for my Packers. Defense was lackluster to say the least. Huntley is pretty damn good. Never the less I'll take W anyway in December as well as the division crown this early #GoPackGo
The Packers defense did okay but will have to do better in the playoffs. The special teams coach should be fired tonight, he seems overwhelmed and they look really bad on special teams.
Honestly as ravens fans we should be hyped right now our backups can step up and play ball just imagine how hot we gonna be next year the experience our backups get this year will show next year when we actually have some big ballers like peters and humph back
This why the ravens lose in close games they get greedy instead of kicking the Field goal they go for 2 and don’t get it and lose instead of kick the field goal bc they have a great kicker but no they go for 2 and lose
Us packers fans got lucky but good game go 🧀 head
0-2 on 2 point game winners. Afraid of OT ???
The ravens are stupid for going for it every time
I am a ravens fan but this was not smart game play to loose by 1 pt and u did not take the free extra pt after the touch down.  It is like having Shack at the rim and he does not go for slam to tie the game. Shack runs back to the 3 pt line try for it. We all know Shack could not even hit free throws that much.
Just take the FG 😂it’s a 50/50 chance your getting the ball to start OT and I feel like the backup would have been able to score in OT just saying 🤦🏽‍♂️and now y’all season is most likely over
Really Harbough??.. why TF wouldn't he just tie it up with an extra point & live a little longer while giving his defense a chance as well. I know their hurt & weren't playing so well against Rodgers but why not just play it more safe..IDK I guess it's easy to say after it didn't work but if it did then I'd be like nice call! Lol.
Ravens came back hard
Crazy game!!!
Kick the point.....kick the point.....I said it about 18 times before that awful final play call.
I didn't watch this game live. Did I really just see the home-team Ravens pass up a PAT tie attempt  and risk a loss going for 2 and actually lose in regulation instead of taking it to overtime???
Got Damn Man Was Them Ravens Scared To Go Into Overtime??
Greenbay safety was getting exposed
The ravens are so stupid for never kicking extra points. If they just would've kicked both, they win by 1. Just foolish
If I am the Lions HC, I'll trade for huntley and in the DRAFT arm the team around him.
Huntly is good
Brown was running free in the back of the end-zone on that 2-point attempt at the end. Huntley just needed to look to his next option and they would've won the game.
Missed brown on the 2pt conversion
Wow
Huntley is relentless. Impressive effort. He ran unchallenged when contain was broken, and passed well from the pocket when contained.  Backup QB, emaciated defense - Ravens knew they had to claw for a victory and nearly succeeded. The early 4th down and late 2-point conversion were sound strategy.  GG Harbaugh & Huntley.
T Huntley is an NFL QB. WTG!
Stupid decision not kicking field goal and going into overtime.
There is tons of respect in these comments. I love it. 💚
Anyone else tired of “analytics”?…
GPG 💚💛💚💛💚💛💚💛💚💛💛💚💛
why they went for 2 when to can tied the game and go OT  😕
Huntley is the reason this game was so close.
Yoooo let's go
7:19,peep Lazard 💀
Wow ! If Ravens kick and make a field goal on 4th and goal during their first drive , they win ! Looks like Bengals better get ready for an explosive Ravens next week !
The have greatest kicker in NFL history but yet they only let him kick one field goal in a game this. I always said they never use Tucker the way they should.
Huntley is way better than lamar he can actually throw
We want Huntley not Jordan Love
I truly don't understand how a Coach can decide the fate of the game instead of letting his team fight...GO TO OVERTIME
Lamar really hasn't looked like himself these past few games
Just kick the dam field goal.
GO PACK GO BABY, WOO!!! Games are hard to win in the NFL and the Packers did enough to escape Baltimore with a victory. The Cardinals against the beleaguered Lions earlier today, not so much.
Going for the 2 point conversion again. Whoever making these decisions should be fired.
Raven should have won that game
Personally I can't stand John Harbaugh! As a hardcore Raven singing I would have loved to seen overtime game from what I saw from the game there's no doubt in my mind that Tucker would have won the game.....
Harbaugh is pissing me off. Mistake 1, going for TD instead of field goal beginning of game. That was the difference in a win and loss. Mistake 2, going for 2 pt conversion instead of taking the OT! Harbaugh had been too aggressive, teams know it and are prepared for it. No surprise anymore.
Should have gone for that first field goal they could have won the game. When they didn’t get it I knew it was gonna cost them. Every point matters when playing a team like the Packers.
Harbaugh is a 🤡. 2nd game he's gift wrapped for the other team. Just kick the PAT lmao
Lamar who?   Huntley has a way better feel in the pocket.
Why are the Ravens keep doing the same thing on D
Huntley is too fast. He got that last touchdown like it was nothing. I would’ve taken the extra point but that’s just me. The Packers have good defense and they would’ve been looking for the qb sneak. It would’ve been better to try to win in overtime but knowing Rogers, he probably would’ve scored even though it was under a minute left
There's one thing about it, the Ravens don't have the defense they once had.... by the way, congratulations Green Bay.
Mark Andrews is all pro
ravens haven't learned a thing, harbaugh's terrible last play calls holding them back from afc number 1 seed
Ngl I feel like Huntley is a more accurate then lamar is! Not saying lamar can’t throw but not as accurate, and Huntley reads the defense better
Hollywood was wide open🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Just an all-around great football game by these two, they went for it from start to finish, but you got to tie the game up and go for it in overtime 💯😁👍
At the end of the day, these players are professional athletes. The Ravens Defense played like the bad news bears! Next year it's time for a new HC, OC and DC. Btw, going for two, made no damn sense at all.
Gutsy move by the Ravens but stupid, I mean the two-pointer at the end. Their chances would have been better going to overtime. Oh, well...
Aaaaaaand now the punter sucks
JUST WANT TO SAY GREEN BUTT"S LUCK WON'T LAST TOO LONG!
Even if it had gone to OT, the Packers would have found a way to win the game.
I thought the ravens learned not to do 2 point conversions when they have the best kicker in the league
SENSELESS extra point play by The RAVS. Tie it up, especially with the momentum on your side.
keep it up Harbaugh just keep it up and watch some body else be the Ravens head coach.
why in the hell they didn’t take it to OT
CELEBRATING ON THE GOOD LAND!!!🍻🍻🍻SCONNIE LAND!!!🍻🍻🍻
crazy how huntley throws better then lamar
Spoil alert Aaron Roger's  vs Tom brady on this superbowl Final😬
Ravens gave away the chance to win by going for 2 if you look at the percentages....sad. OT woulda been better IMO.
That was the worst decision from the ravens to go for the 2 point against a team that has the potential to win the SB. With only 42 seconds why not go for the tie??
Running qbs make football boring.
As a football fan, Da packers got lucky,cause Da Ravens got stupid ,kick the extra point and tie up the game.
BAD ASS GAME!!!! 👍👍👍
NEVER HEARD OF HUNTLEY, BUT SEEING HIM PLAY LAST GAME AND TODAY...I HAVE TO REMIND MYSELF HE IS NOT LAMAR BECAUSE HE HAS LAMAR CHARACTERISTICS ON THE FIELD LOL I KEEP THINKING ITS LAMAR! DUDE NEED TO START FOR A TEAM HE CAN BALL!!! GREAT BACK UP FOR LAMAR THO
Go pack all the way
Whew!! That was close but a very good game!
Don't get that call at all to go for 2 .....tie the dam game up kick thee extra point ...wow , bad call
Packers' special teams is something else
very bad call...just tie the game and go from there
Rodgers is just that DAMN Good
Panthers Should look @ Huntley
Despite losing the match and Jackson being out it seems like the Ravens didn't miss a beat. Huntley played his ass off out there and it shows. He more than deserves a starting position in the NFL and hopefully he gets it.
Go Pack!
Wait why did the ravens go for 2 on there final drive they could of easily tied the game
Huntley blew it Hollywood was wide open didn’t even look his way disappointed 😪
Brown was wide tf open on the 2 point conversion. He wasn’t even looking at him, he kept his eyes on andrews the whole play🤦🏾‍♂️
The players played their hearts out . That was a good game . I'm sure Harbaugh was playing for the win.
Harbaugh with another ridiculous 2 point conversion call costing them a game when will he learn 😂 moron
I’m a packers fan but damn Tyler Huntley has a lot of potential I could see him starting for a team in future seasons not the ravens tho
Lol they went for it, very smart
WTF HARBOUGH
This Huntley dude has some potential he should get a starting job soon
So stupid. They tried the same thing a few weeks ago, going for the 2 pointer and lost. They would have had a chance with overtime.
Bloody hell that kid Huntley can play!
Packers fan and now a Ravens fan too haha such a great game!!
Huntley need to come to the panthers. I knew he was good, but not this good
Why not just go for the tie
they really went for the win.
What is with all these coaches gambling on fourth down and with 2 point conversions?? What’s wrong with kicking FGs and extra points? I’m sick of hearing “well analytics say…” well your stupid ass decision cost you the game. 🤦‍♂️
This Packers team don't convince me 4 the playoffs
I thought it was Lamar out there
The lions need Huntley! Baltimore always plays a good game🤙
Rogersv deservs mvp
Great game, but surprised on the 2 point conversion at home. Still giving Rodgers the ball with 45 seconds either way there. At home, with playoffs on the line though, little aggresive, even for my taste. And I like aggressive calling.
Gonna say the refs help the packers
Huntley is good. To me, he has more touch on the ball and more accuracy than Jackson and still very mobile.
I v e r m e c t i n  M a n  🤣
I’m tired of my ravens always coming down to the wire an they lose
Cant wait for Cowboys to play Green Bay and this time it’s not going to be a bad call so get ready Packer fans 😂😂😂😂😂
Packers should have lost this game by all rights......but no matter they will lose in the playoffs like they always do
Put the points on the board.
Somebody gon steal Huntley from us... Hell of a player....
hollywood was wide open on the 2 point
go for 2? wtf
Say what you want about the GB defense giving up touchdowns on the final two possessions, but this is a well rounded team. Green Bay's best since 2014
Go Steelers! Having said that, Huntley was balling. Last week too. He can throw!
number 5 was open
Im a packers fan and huntley was balling, i salute! Great game!
Ravens coach decided to gamble the hard earnings away.
Jim harbough is the reason they lost 😂 should have just gone to overtime smh
Harbaugh - “what are the odds that we’ll miss 2 points at the end of the game, twice in a row”.  Less than 30 seconds later.... 🤷🏻‍♂️  🤦🏻‍♂️
Man in the back Ravens could have won it I guess there getting paid not to win
💚💛🧀🏈☝️🤴👑
The refs been tripping  Guys ! Be ready to see the packers on Super Bowl
Packers definitely paying the refs salary
From a Dallas Cowboys fan: Congrats to GB for a great win, and to Portland for a great game .. I really hope to see Rodgers holding that trophy one more time before retirement.. I think he and the Packers deserve it this year ...
Packers aren't going to the super bowl.
slant #5 was wide open on the 2pt conversion
Ravens have a  horrible secondary.
I’m not even a Ravens fan but man losing two weeks in a row after failing to convert on a 2pt conversion Is embarrassing. Harbaugh is an idiot for not kicking the  field goal.
Packer fan here. Both teams are injured. I didnt like the PI or roughing the passer calls against BAL, touchy bs calls. I knew huntley would ball out. JH shouldve kicked the extra point and gone to OT. You go for the win on the road, not at Home.
Uh dumb 2 pt. Conversion attempt b-more.
Chargers fan here. RIP President William Howard Taft.
From packernation , congratulations to pack . Now , let's make sure all roads go thru lambeau Field.
They went for that 2 cause they know all rodgers need is 42 seconds 😂
That two-point conversion with the dumbest play. They'll regret it
great game by huntley but not a fan of the play call on the 2pt attempt, packers could read the play all the way through marquise brown seemed open as well 🤷
Lamar who? This kid looks better.
Without Mark Andrews, my Ravens would be even more measly on offense. The only receiver we can remotely count on is Rashod Bateman...every one is inconsistent. Huntley had a hard time with recognition and awareness so why would coaching consistently keep him in on 4th downs, that first drive is what cost us the game and the momentum. Ravens front office aren't doing enough to get a consistent receiver and depending on Greg Roman's repetitive predictable offense from the early 2010s when he was with the 49ers. We don't have nearly the defensive force as that team had even tho we have a playmaker at QB.
Come on jim why go for 2
Why did they not kick the extra point to tie it?
What arrogance... Wow, leaving critical points left.
The Packers just keep winning... Im gonna be in Bears purgatory forever arent I
Gosh I hate it when a team throws the game by going for a 2 pt conversion instead of tying and trying to win in overtime
Too confident gambling on a play they did not done at the early stage of the game. Bad choice!
stupid ass move going for 2
I can’t believe they didn’t just go for overtime
Can you imagine how good the Packers could be with a good coaching staff. LaFluer loves to keep the opponent in the game until the last play. Doesn't know how to win. Up by 14 and let the other team back in the game. Turns win or lose into a coin toss.
John Harbaugh going for it on 4th down for no reason and going for 2 was stupid.
mark andrews is good but Angry andrews is even better
As a ravens fan I think we should go for the field goal we would of won the game the 2 points is just too risky with barley anytime left a field goal at least we stand a chance
💛💚💯🧀🧀🧀
Ravens took unneeded chances. Going for it at own 29 and then the two-point. Huntley played great, however.
Can anyone explain Harbaughs decision this week? I got last week with the huge lead on division and the secondary all banged up. But today's decision was completely retarded. Would've won it in overtime
Idk who that ravens qb was but can the giants plz sign him ??draft 2 o line and sign this man while he’s still cheap this guy is a straight baller!!
Huntley has a big future in the NFL I do believe.
omfg, again go for 2 instead of OT and lose the game how tf u got the 6est kicCer n afraid of OT?
Stupid ravens coach
They should have kicked the extra point and gone to OT.  Stupid move to lose the game!!
Sorry ravens fans . I really didn't see a hold or pass interference at 7:54
Geez, looked like a 14 year old on madden was controlling Ravens team. Ha roll out and scramble every play with the ravens.
Harbaugh has now lost two games going for two. Just stop dude. And while you are at it, start Huntley over Jackson. He’s the better QB. Far better.
I cant wait for this "running QB" BS to pass...its crap
Stupid decision Harbaugh.
These analytics coaches are something else. Trusting a computer that doesn’t understand context over simple logic. Congrats Ravens on losing two games in a row
The Ravens worst injury is the brain injury of the coach who called for the 2 point conversion.
Great game Go Pack Go
*The Steelers will most likely end up winning the AFC North !!!🏆👍🏽*
you got the best kicker in NFL history and don’t use him?
Harbum. Stupid decision. Again
man what the hell is harscumbag doing? lol ravens might not win another game. also if the broncos had huntley it would be over for the afc
Jim playing madden rules
Being at this game was not only my first one, but it was also one of the best experiences in my life.  Glad we're going home on a win!  Go Pack Go!!! 🧀💚
I think Baltimore plays a lot more consistent under Huntley because they don’t expect him to be the whole team. Huntley’s limitations (compared to Lamar) allows him to be more of a team player. Now that teams have “figured out” Lamar and his antics, he’s forcing it. Idk if I’m off base here but I feel like there’s more of a balance with fewer expectations on the QB
Regular season Rodgers > Playoff Rodgers
Just kick the ball.
Texans need a QB
why no overtime , Harbaugh? Great news for the Browns
Closer than it should’ve been but I’ll take it. Huntley looked solid today too
They should have went to overtime, they had the momentum.
I told you Green Bay would win go pack go
Ravens finally found a QB their D sucks 😭😂😢
Whew....
2 losses in a row I completely blame John harbaugh, WTF is with all these coaches going for it on 4th down so much and the 2point conversion attempts.
WTF they didn't kick the field D to tie the game bow that's crazy!
He may he a backup QB, but that Tyler Huntley and Mark Andrews connection is NICE🔥🔥🔥
Another game won by the ref
WHY didn't they just kick the extra point to go to OT?!?!?
Huntley is proving people wrong, I'm really glad to see him play so well today!
Why go for the extra 2- we deserved to take it to OT
Marquise Brown was open over the middle on the 2pt conversion. Play was forced to andrews
Based on Huntley's play from last week and this week, I think he gave them the better chance than Lamar in previous weeks.
Ravens should have kicked the extra point and go to OT
love when they hand them the win
Ravens coach lost the game by not taking early FG and not taking OT at the end.
I was just at the game! First NFL game I had ever been to. And what a game it was
What kind if stupid play call was that at end of game going for2 points?
Bruh, Tyler Huntley is like a Lamar Jackson 2.0!!! Not only is he a solid backup, but he can easily be a starter in this league as well(I 100% believe that). I thought the Packers were going to steamroll this depleted Ravens defense(especially in the secondary). And to be fair, Aaron Rodgers did just that. But Tyler Huntley played spectacular! I understand why people are confused as to why the Ravens chose to go for two instead kick the fired to tie the game at 31. I assuming it's the same reason why the Ravens went for two weeks ago against the Steelers: decimated secondary. Though, even if the Ravens converted on the two point conversion, there would still time for Aaron Rodgers to march his team down the field and win the game on a walk off field goal. As a Browns fan, I was rooting for the Packers to win, but I will still give props to Tyler Huntley!
Play call wasn’t bad on the 2pt he had a wide open receiver just missed him could have easily walked away with the game but good job by the ravens they put up a fight
Raven's defense is sleepy head
Andrews is a beast.
What's even worse, just appointed out, is that even though Mark Andrews is the man, on the very last play for the two-point attempt, Marquis Brown was wide open, but he tunnel visioned on Andrews
Kick the field goal dumb ass call  not once but twice smh 🤦🏽‍♂️
Brown was wide open in back of end zone, but Andrews was double covered.
Dear ravens fans. As a former lions fan ravens weren’t winning this game if they got the two point conversion. Ive seen aaron rodgers get a field goal waaayy to many times with less. He’s clutch when he needs to be and throws last second daggers. 42 seconds was waaayyy to much time. There’s a whole youtube compilation called “teams giving aaron rodgers too much time” huntley should have slid  at the one
That was a pretty dumb decision to go for a 2 .. it was the dumbest decision in football to date
Hot damn!!! Ravens gamble too damn much!
Joe "pass is caught" Buck
2 point conversion was the best decision. Live or die with the ball in YOUR hands. Not Aaron Rodgers' hands.
In my opinion I would’ve just taken the fg simply off the defense in situation have been good and regardless packers would’ve had to drive down and get a field goal
Why>>
AR12 is the 🐐
Im in the camp of kicking the extra point as T Huntley was ballin.
maybe just try OT from now on
Unreal they did this again 2 weeks in a row. Stupid coaching.
Why not go to OT!?
Green Bay Packers 😁
Ravens fan here and I’m not upset by our lost today. That was actually a good game. You can tell Tyler Huntley studies Lamar. I like how he throws passes and he connected with Mark Andrews. Go ravens 💜🖤
Packers win
#5 was WIDE OPEN on the 2 pt try at the end.  DISAPPOINTING
That 2 point made no sense.  You get ahead and lose to a field goal.  You tie you get a chance even if packers go first and get field goal.  Live to play another down.
All for the benefits of analytics, but c'mon man, when the game is on the line is not accounted for in the statistics. You fail there and you're done, done done. There's no more plays.
Merry Xmas Everybody!
This was game of the year and this is coming from a Pittsburgh Steelers fan
Thank you Baltimore for going for 2. Analytics really pay off.  -Browns fan
Harbaugh makes terrible decisions. Going for 2 once again instead of playing for OT. Cost his team yet another game. Huntley needs to start over Jackson from now on. He is a much better thrower of the ball and just as elusive. The offense looks way more efficient with him out there. Jackson is an over rated hype train that has been derailed at this point.
"Pass interference" call was one of the worst calls I've ever seen
Someone needs to give hundley a starting job next year boi can ball
Good game Balt. .....Glad to see at the end you had the 🏈🏈"S to go for Two points..
A lot of tik tacky calls this game. Plus that new rule where DBs can’t cut blockers down is stupid. I played for years and this is how smaller players can make major impacts In the run game.
This is the second time, in a row, that we went for it on 4th down, didn't convert and lost the game. I really wish we let Tucker kick it and go into overtime then rely on the defense instead of going for a 50/50. Still absolutely happy with the way my team played even with all of our missing pieces against one of the best teams in the league.
Jesus loves you
Yeah congrats to the big liar...
Packers will be another early exit from the playoffs as usual.
Everyone in the stadium knew he was going to Andrews !
That TE Andrews was a beast!
ravens are idiots just kick the extra point
What is Jim harbaugh doing!? That’s the second time this season that I’ve seen him go for a 2pt conversion instead of kicking a field goal to tie the game.
It could've been an easy 2 point conversion. Open player in the middle of the field but instead they want to throw it to Andrew. Let someone else make the play.
Green Bay All Day
Going for two is not the right move here.  I don't buy the injury argument; it might be credible, still not the right move.  They wouldn't do it in the playoffs.
Aaron rogers is the most arrogant qb in the league .i cant stand his attitude
Why would u go for the 2 dis isn’t madden babyyyyyyy
Missing Kenny Clark this game wrapped up 3rd quarter
Packers will be in the Super Bowl
Why didnt baltimore just go ahead and forfeit in the beginning hell theres no wsy the packers were going to  let that 2 point work .the whole world knew it wasnt going to work ....arrogance created that decision
Could of won if they just kicked that field goal
Aron in a zone right now
Look at all the great coaches in the history of the NFL and I would say that all of them would have gone for the tie in that situation. Going for 2 more often, and in dramatic situations, has been incorporated by the NFL to make the game more exciting and increase viewership. Coincidentally, kickers can't kick extra points as well this year... ya ok. Total theater.
Could this really be the Packers' year?
Huntley is crazy give him a team
Do the ravens know if they don't convert they lose? They know this right?
Going for 2 after losing to Pittsburgh this way and the best kicker in NFL history is on your team. Sounds like a good idea!
Huntley threw the 2 pt pass at TWO Packer DBs, LOL!
When the score was 31-17 I knew that it would be enough for the win.Little did I know the Ravens respected 31 points and that would be enough to lose and they would go for 2 out of respect for the Packers. So the Ravens knew they would lose.31points was good enough to win the Ravens that's all.
Fire Harbaugh. I’m done with him,
Clowns for going for 2
Gg
This is about the time of year the GB defense starts to play like garbage. We should be able to shut this offense down. But this Hundley kid didn't have to work hard for his throws. His first read was his only read
Just gonna say it. Huntley looked like mvp Lamar tonight lol
I hate the Packers!  -Bears Fan
Rodgers is a regular season winning QB....not a clutch playoff QB. Big difference.
Huntley played like a top 3 QB today. Don't know why I haven't seen him before. He was amazing, despite their loss.
Man Andrew's had 10 guys guarding him and they still throw the ball to him. Bad coaching
Can we use Huntley on Monday in a Raiders uniform. Please and thanks ☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️
WOOOOW! This felt like watching a super  bowl game. It had me at the edge of my seat the whole damn time.
The nfl is rigged like a mf
They/commentary,gonna talk 👄🗣about this monday/20th...ithink them birds shoulda kicked it to tie..it 31to31....then took that gamble 🎰on letting Rogers..have the ball with 30ish seconds left inn 4th quater..who knows it coulda went to overtime, are...AR..coulda up set them birds with a kick score..or point-6...with under 30ish seconds left/4th quarter etc...I'm just saying tho☝💆‍♂️🤯
What has infected Harbaugh's decision-making skills?  Why go for 2?  Tie it and let OT decide!
As a Packer fan and Wisconsin born and raised last minute coaching lost the Ravens the game
Always go for the win in this situation. Your offense can go 3 and out or not get in the field specially against ARod. Why not win it on one play. Plus you risk more players getting hurt in overtime too.
Tyler Huntley only 23 Qb in Draft Kenny Pickett 24 Corral 23 Still playing College Competition Huntley don’t get invite for Combine Go undrafted Haubaugh actually pick Mcsorley who can’t throw over Huntley cut Huntley During off season Brought back mcsorley get hurt Huntley get call back watch preseason Huntley outplayed Mcsorley by mile was Cut A lot NFL coaches  an Exutives are Racist No Way He be Cut went Undrafted Dude Only 23 better half Qb nfl Draft process A lot Excutives racist demons Talent never see because get blackbail
You know what I've been a ravens fan for about 4 years. This year had been so crap that I just can't watch anymore and we can't win with the refs are making BS PI calls that make the game what they are.All I can say is let's go ravens 😔
Now that they won the division, let’s hope the Packers play safe until the NFC championship game.
As a ravens fan they legit did so good with the injury’s and huntly should be starting qb he is great gg
STOP GOING FOR 2 !!!!!!
Packers fan; Huntley was outstanding. He will do well given the opportunity. They should have set up a run play for him for the 2pt conversion.
Smh!!!! He had a man WIDE… open for the 2-point conversion. The entire defense already knew were the ball was headed, QB just don’t have good vision.
The ravens with a practice squad almost beat the packers the best team in the NFC. This is how you now the afc is far superior to the nfc, and the cards lost to the lions...
Why would they go for 2 points instead of just tieing the game 31-31. Seems like a no brainer to me to force OT.
Does anyone know where is the Baltimore defense?
It was dumb by them to go for it on fourth down at their own 30 yard line and at the end going for two points.
3games lost to 2 point conversion idk we are 2-1 in OT I think we could have stop Rodgers with 40 seconds
Special teams will be the reason the packers dont advance if they lose in the playoffs, every week is equally embarassing, otherwise they are on fire
Harbaugh didn't learn from that Steelers game. Hes going to hear it.
This the second time they lost this way this year
Going for 2 to guarantee the loss. Baltimore has one of the worst conversions rates in the NFL this season at just under 29%. “Hey! Let’s do this thing we’re really bad at with the game on the line…” too bad.
Only reason the game was close was because of our trash special teams and our defense giving away free yards and easy touchdowns.
The coach is 0-1 its all Aaron Rodgers until he's gone
Aaron Rodgers is the goat
It was a dumb play by the raven going for 2 you have the momentum go to overtime and try to win it there
This game shouldn't have been close
Poor little Ravins.   They try so hard!
As they say it's not a Ravens game until you get a heart attack lol  Props to Huntley for being epic throughout the game.  Mark Andrews being a beast as always.
Ravens now specialize in going for the twp point conversion and failing. They tried against the Steelers and failed, now they tried and failed against the Packers. Will they try it a third time against another team?
Ok so now we know coaches:  STOP GOING FOR IT WHEN YOU DONT HAVE TO AGAINST GOOD TEAMS!
When did losing a game on a 2 pointer instead of the  high % tie attempt ? 2 TDs in a row, momentum for OT.  The illogical use and acceptance, seems suspect
Ravens , great game played your hearts out GO PACK ! SUPER BOWL '22
If we would’ve took the 3 points, the first time in the red zone, we would’ve won😡 but Huntley did his thing!
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
how did the ravens coach not learn his lesson after loosing to the steelers he should really get fired
Denver’s probably at the ravens front door right now like “give us Huntley man please.. I got these cheeseburgers man”
Dean Lowry looking like a Bum out there without Clark in the middle. We need Andrew billings
Tyler Huntley should be a starter somewhere. Great play style. Like a more conservative Kyler Murray.
I'm not a fan of either team but on 13:47, I don't understand why the Ravens would go for 2 instead of kicking the extra point! That was a bad decision by the Ravens! If the Ravens kicked the extra point instead of going for 2, then the Packers will only have 42 seconds to drive down the field and get a field goal and if the Packers don't get a field goal, then it would've went to OverTime!
. . . I would have went for the tie :'(
Throw the analytics in the trash use ya head
That play action at the goal line was filthy
Aaron really is insane. Didn't play his first 3 years and broke favres record for touchdowns at 442. He's 2 seasons from 500. Absolutely insane for a guy who's missed the equivalent of 5 seasons with injury and sitting behind Brett.
Huntley needs to have that starting job over Jackson. Give him some weapons and he will wreak havoc.
i honestly hate that endgame strategy. you have the momentum at home, why take the game down to a 50/50 (at best) play? I see it fail way more often than I see it work. Ravens coulda used this game too, now they're tied with cincy.
Huntley is a backup quarterback on paper but on the field, he's legit a starting quarterback. Ravens should be glad to have this dude on their roster.
OPPS, they did it again. Thanks Ravens from a Stealers fam.
America has, as a people, through their elected and appointed representatives, said to Christ, “Go away. We would not have you rule over us.” The shambles of a civilization that we are looking to pass on to our grandchildren are therefore a shambles created by the godless, for the godless. And what is the destiny of any town, nation, culture, or civilization that rejects Christ? What is their future?
Ravens again - Lets go for 2  Rest of NFL - What 2 Ls ?  NFL after - 🤣😂
So you tie the game .. just to put your self in a onside position again . 😂😂💀💀💀
Guys are questioning if the Ravens could’ve stopped Rodgers with 40 seconds and one timeout and think they should’ve played for overtime? Good decision just poor play call, thought Hollywood did get open
The Ravens staff are the worst in the NFL especially when it comes to crunch time 😤
I know Harbaugh feels pretty confident in his job security but he’s being WAYY to aggressive. Going for the TD rather than taking the 3 early in the game would have gave them the win. He’s allowed the Steelers to remain in the AFC North race when they have no business being in it (I’m a Steelers fan). I would have played for OT and took my chances.
Going for 2 with the game on the line and forcing the throw to Andrews didnt work the first time, better try it again
A good 2 way argument could be made for the 2 point decision from Harbaugh. I personally would've gone to extra time but I won't get at his neck for TRYING to end it.
Raven had the worse play call rolling right last seconds for 2.  Why give up half the field only benefits the defense.
As a ravens fan all respect to packers for a hell of a game but i feel like this game would of been different with all our players that were injured cause we were missing 12 good players including mvp lamar jackson
Huntley's gonna be a rich man next year for a different team
Why not kick the extra point???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Gamble it all on one play? DUMB!
The Packers really need to stop laying off the brake so much.
Got damn. Why do we always gamble? Why don’t we ever want to play it out in OT??
Try to play this late game 2 point conversion crap as "agggressive" coaching, but that's bs. Players just don't want to play overtime. That's all it is.
Tyler Huntley is a better quarterback than Lamar Jackson, and if you disagree you don't know football.
WHY IN THE HELL WOULD YOU NOT TIE IT!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
just wanna know why the cowboys highlights ain up yet
Brady and This hippie will meet again it seems
Alright. I get “players wanna go for it” and you play to win not lose. But that NEVER changes how the defense will do everything and try 110% to stop them. How many games do you have to lose before you stop making your football team lose games!? This is ridiculous. I understand if you aren’t a playoff team then who cares. But the Ravens are way to good to be throwing away games like this! This can end seasons! What are they doing this isn’t the same Ravens from years past.
Go pack, go 🧀
Thats 2 games the Ravens should have won in overtime. They should have just tied up the game and took it's chances in overtime. The Ravens have no business being 8-6,they should be 10-4.
hollywood brown was wide open on the missed 2pt
What a stupid call
Just tie the game. Going for two? Nah... unless you're Tom Brady never go for two, haha...
Ravens are trash lmfao
The Ravens are the dumbest team in the NFL. Losing a game this way once, I feel bad for them. But TWICE?! Nope, no sympathy this time. They had the chance to take this to overtime, and even Joe Buck was saying it wasn't a good idea to go for two! STUPID, STUPID, STUPID!
This game especially is why you can't use injuries as an excuse. Harbaugh out coached himself as many head coaches do. Harbaugh has to go for his terrible decision making.
Greedy greedy makes a hungry puppy.
Why do we keep doing that? Take the tie go to o.t that's 2 losses from that bullshit that could have easily been wins due to bad playcalling
What a Dumb Raven Call….🥴😭😭
Harbutt is killing the ravens. The idea makes sense the plays are horrible
Kick The Damn Ball
why not go for overtime???????? tie the game with 42 seconds left
Huntley about to be a starting QB in this league
Lamar would’ve torched this defense.
Ravens need fire Greg Roman an HAUBAUGH need go
I'm not going to lie; at times this afternoon It looked like Lamar was out there. Baltimore has great taste in signal-callers.
Hollywood was open in the back of the end zone on that 2 point try
Game game by huntley. Not easy beating rrodgers and refs at the same time. If only ravens went for overtime
They will never learn about 2 point conversions, and how they always most of the time fail
Huntley should have hit brown in the back of the RedZone for that 2 point at 13:50
Not 2day Smhuckaneers and Cowturds. Home Field is ours.  Rodgers 4 MVP. Lefleur 4 COTY. Much respect Baltimore  #GoPackGo in dis Bih
Harbaugh had terrible clock management last minute or so. They had 3 time outs and almost left ARod 40+ seconds and a time out to get three. Then they compounded all that , by going for two
Why not just kick off
*Huntley >* lamar
Why don't you take the point and go to overtime?  I'm mystified.
Uff  ganaron mis vaqueros
That was a HORRIBLE!!!! call at the end of the game down by 1 with 42 seconds left and the momentum on your side
WHY TF ARE QE GOING FOR 2 IS THE COACH DUMB
GB losing 2 score lead in 5 minutes shows major weakness.  NFC playoff teams take note!
Lazard couldn’t catch COVID.
So refreshing to see a player make a great play, and NOT have to make some goofy new show off dance move (Mark Andrews, Ravens TE)
Your analytics are wrong Baltimore. Stop going for the win, because it's only getting you the loss. Harbaugh gets so much credit for being a good coach, well these two losses are on him when they needed them. Go Steelers!
This call 7:50 for PI turned the game I believe momentum wise for a bit to GB. But the Ravens needed to answer for that BS call also with a touchdown on the next drive and they did not. That was the game imo right there.
The Ravens are going to learn one day that 2 point conversion attempts on the last play of the game is just not their cup of tea. Probably the dumbest offensive coaching I’ve ever seen. Lol.
Panthers need to sign Huntley NOW!!!!
That wrong PI call by the refs cost us the game, should have been 30-27
They should have went for the extra point the 2 point conversion wasn't a good call
A 2 point conversion is very difficult. Best to tie it up and take it into overtime.
John Harbaugh is scared of OT
I am a Packers fan but their defense could not do anything and there offense was good like always it was a very good game
Huntley played a good game, the final call was pathetic
BAL on FOX
Huntley suckered on the last play. Missed the open man. Threw into 2 times close coverage
Do the packers really need help vs a backup qb on a team decimated by injuries and the 31st ranked pass defense? Refs: Yes.
Purple Hearts and balls of steel will only go for the win, not just a tie.
Amazing. You have home field advantage, and you don't go for OT.
What the f6ck are these coaches going for 4th and goal when they should be kicking the FG? Then at home, you go for two instead of the FG to tie. I'm glad they lost unbelievable. Huntley played a great game by the way,
These guys are way too gung-ho about the two-point conversion.  They are practically giving up games after clawing themselves back into tying situations & it's getting silly.
Good games Ravens!! Watching Huntley is like watching Lamar Jack hes good. But the Pack got the W!! GoPackGo
As a Ravens fan even if they made the 2 or kicked the PAT they were losing anyways. Aaron Rodgers would have bailed the Packers out for the 60th time in his career. This would have been an easier situation for him compared to the game against the 49ers in Week 3. But honestly I'm not mad that they lost, its just because of the way they lost.
Harbaugh and his antilytics need to go man
*Steelers💪>>* ravens🤣🤣🤣
Once again the Ravens defense looks like swiss cheese and the Ravens are still trash 🗑️
Certified h00d classiC
ravens should’ve just tied it 🤦‍♂️
Damn if Huntley ran for the 2 point I think he got it on the play
Damn the packers are terrible barely beat us with practice squad corners
Baltimore fans are on suicide watch......are the playoffs slipping away ?????
tyler > lamar
Plot twist:Arron Rodgers did break the record today so he can break it on Christmas
Pretty impressive from the Ravens today. They have been smacked by the injury bug.
Harbaugh is as dumb and confused as he constantly looks
Ravens are hot garbage only reason they came back is because GB eased off the gas a lil.Ravens need a real QB and I can tell you Huntly ain't it.
Go for it on forth and five on your own 35 then have a chance to go into overtime but went for the two point conversion? This game was filled with bad decisions by the Raven head coach, I'm not even a Ravens fan and this was frustrating to watch.
Omg he had Marquise Brown wide open in the 2 point try 😩😩😩
Why not tie it up and .....
I love my team!!!! LETS GO RAVENS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Down by one against the Packers with a practice squad is admirable. Playing like this all season long! Damn I love them!
So u telling me that the ravens are missing 20 players and the packers struggling? Ouch. Good game for Huntley tho. He’s better than 50% of the starting QBs
Without question, the biggest mistake of the game was not the failed 2 point attempt.  4th and 5, on their own 25 yard line, and the ravens go for it? They couldn’t move a YARD without a penalty!   Absolutely atrocious call from John Harbaugh, this was the end of the game in my opinion. Enough of the dice rolls
The Ravens hiding this QB all this time. He's a Pro Style QB
1:06 I would've went for the FG here c'mon easy 3 points
Was mark Andrews always this good 🤔🤔
Huntley looked like Lamar 2.0 And made the game very close. this was a Great game and a GOTY Contender
Which Maryland based NFL franchise most likely makes the playoffs this season, WFT or Ravens?
Harbaugh need too chill on the 2 pointers ge killing us and screw Roman
#5 wide open..
Why wouldn't they just tie it up ?
Packers are winning the Superbowl.  Would have last year but Brady whined.  Now the Packer dynasty begins.
13:50  Most idiotic choice to go for a two-point conversion. They should go with an extra point, go into over time, then win, but nope they lost lol. Most idiotic choice ever!
If it wasn’t for the pi called on us we would’ve won very close game Huntley is a diamond in the rough
Huge Packers fan here, gotta say that Huntley is balling right now. I really hope this guy gets a shot to be a starter in the League for somebody.
Go Packers!! Great effort by Huntley!
Andrews is the only person on the Ravens that can even play football. Packers couldn’t even contain one TE and one shitty QB who runs.
Green Bay fan here. I gotta give props to Huntley one of the fastest QB I’ve ever seen. GG,Baltimore
It’s really weird to see that Harbaugh doesn’t trust his defense to such a level. Having the best kicker in NFL you should go to OT any day any time if you have some trust in your defense, especially after that Packers-Cincy game.
This game really signifies how great an organization the Ravens are top down. There’s no reason for them to be in this game to start with. Literally playing with our preseason team, and still only 1 point behind possible super bowl teams
Raiders game Me: harbs go for the dagger! *harbs goes for field goal* Dolphins game Me: harbs help them please! *harbs does nothing* Steelers game me: kick the field goal! *habs goes for 2* Packers game me: come on harbs please just kick the field goal *harbs goes for 2*
Sam Donald, J Goff, Matt Ryan, Big Ben, Locke will not start next year
First there was bull flags but ravens came to play gg . From packer fan
why Ravens try 2pt attack at last drive ?
I get it, you don't want to give the ball back to Aaron Rodgers, even in OT. But, that's a chance you have to take, especially without Lamar Jackson, with his overrated self. Going for 2 was a bad call.
Another game ruined by the commentator’s
Losing with the bad "going for 2 points" decisions twice now is insane. No Superbowl for the Ravens this year.
Harbaugh, you blew it. Huntley deserved to get the chance to win in overtime.
C'mon !!!! Why don't you trust your defense and go for field goal ??? 🤒
Jeez these coaches trying to be cute and going 2 pt rather than having equal chance.
RAVENS SHOULD HAVE WON. BENGALS, DESTROY THIS TEAM NEXT WEEK!!!!
Jon H gets fantastic rosters. Instead of winning super bowls he wins the players respect. How he has a job is beyond me.
tyler huntley > lamar
Deserved
going for two points? why not a field goal to tie the game
Another RB playing QB! 😂😂😂
Can they not go for 2 and 4th downs every time?
Clearly John Harbaugh is learning the definition of insanity: Keep trying the same thing over and over and expect a different result. Proof? Failed 2 point attempts against the Steelers and Packers.
If only the Baltimore Ravens could’ve gotten a field goal legit they could’ve actually beaten the green bay packers , but man this team despite losing so many players to covid and injuries , they really made it a helluva game despite that , kudos to them
The coach will be fired after that one.😂
This game will not help harbaugh in keeping his job. Greed cost him this game. Instead of taking the 3 pts in the first he got greedy and went for it. Burned no points . 4th qtr. got greedy and went for 2 instead of tying the game with a Pat. Lost by 1. Should’ve won by 4.
Coach, WTF?  We love you but this is getting crazy.
Bro Huntley had so much more time why did he force that ball??
interesting fact: 13:51 Marquise Brown was open in the middle of the field on that 2 point conversion, the only bad decision from Huntley in this game, still a good game from him though
GB defense won the game. A nailbiter!
Going for 2 was absolutely dumb as hell. Whether they get the 2 or get the extra point, either way, the Packers would need a field goal to win. You tie the game, you at least have a chance. Going for 2 and missing, you have ZERO chance to win. If you're going for 2, you better make sure you get the right play. Because if not, you're done.   These coaches are thinking way too hard and trying be too cute and being way too aggressive. To the point of losing games they otherwise would win or at least give themselves a CHANCE to win. It's absolutely mind blowing how utterly stupid these coaches are.
What bum goes for 2 with game on the line with his back up qb to the same reciever yal went to last week on a same situation. He was triple covered. Coach gotta go after this one
HarBahhhhh....got GREEDY again.....should have gone for the tie and OT especially how the offense was moving the ball against the packer defense.
Go pack go 11-3
Packers defense is hitting NFC Championship game form at the perfect time 🔥🔥🔥
Damn he had marquise brown wide open
Clinched the NFC north division for the 3rd consecutive year and the 8th time in the last 11 seasons , man Aaron Rodgers finds a way to get it done , that was a helluva stop by the Packers special teams on that 2 point conversion
GOO PACK GOOO BABY !!!!
Are the Ravens trying to give up the division? 😆
They should’ve kicked the got damn field goal the first time done the got damn field get the got damn points and stop doing too damn much
Hopefully the Packers make the Superbowl this year! I want Rodgers to win another Ring!
Saints looking at HUNTLEY like 👀👀👀
Pain. The team played a valiant game without its entire secondary but Harbaugh and Roman screwed it up. Fire both of them.  And Tyler Huntley is going to DESTROY the Bungles next week.
Why would John try 2 point at the final if he already knows he failed against pittsburgh?
Huntley definitely played his ass off against Aaron Rodgers , he should be having a starting job on a team 💯💯💯💯💯💯
Ravens might be 10-4 right now if it werwnt for going for 2 twice 😂😂😂😂😂
As Always Go Pack Go 🧀
20+ players out and we’re still competing with arguably the best team in the league
Go Pack Go ! A-Rod still the 🐐  & Raven low-key sold a bit to help Packets win 🤷🏾‍♂️
Well two things I come to understanding: 1. Ravens have a good offensive system 2. Andrews is the best offensive player on Ravens
Second time this season Harbough has cost his team the game going for 2 instead of going for the tie. I get it, but you have to make better decisions.
Why go for 2?
If my browns win tomorrow then they, the Ravens, Bengals and Steelers will be tied for first place in the AFC North!  Bengals 8-6 Browns 8-6 Ravens 8-6 Steelers 7-6-1
JOHN H. IS SMOKING YO..... GO FOR THE FIELD GOAL
Harbaugh is a fool. Passed the 3 points on 4th down which woulda won them this game early on then when game is on the line goes for 2 AGAIN and loses. He gotta go
As a Steelers fan, really glad the Packers won. We’re not doing so hot this year…
Bucs and packers NFC championship again this year. Book it
The Ravens pulled a repeat from the Steelers game from two weeks ago, and it failed. I know Rodgers is on the other team, but maybe go for the tie and try for the coin flip rather than the 2-point? The AFC North is one crazy division.
Huntley definitely should be starting for a team. He played his tail off in this game!
Respect to the ravens from a packers fan.
both this and Steelers loss are on  John Harbaugh. You have the best kicker in the league, just pick the PAT and go to overtime and see who really can win out. Too much gambling
and now I ask you, who else would have opted for the 2pt conversion instead of Tucker's extra point?
TYLER HUNTLEY LOOKING LIKE A TRADE SNACK 🥨
Tyler Huntley's got a bright future. He just needs to stay healthy. I like how Lamar was supportive of him as well. Keep grinding Ravens
Why the HELL would you make the same mistake twice going for 2 I'm absolutely SHOCKED they did it again!!! I'm glad they did cause I'm a Steelers Fan
Harbaugh cost the Ravens tonight…. He should’ve went or the FG instead of the 2 Pt Conversion…..
Insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results.
Kings of the north back at it once again, GG ravens, Tyler Hunley got my respect.
If the Ravens had gotten a *field goal* on their first possession, they would've beat the Packers!
If GB can take down Tom Brady, this SB is theirs! Go Pack Go!
Congratulations to the Green Bay Packers on winning the NFC North. The biggest improvement from the last several years has been their defense
Tyler Huntley is securing the bag next year🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💰💰💰💰💰
Aaron Rodgers had a great performance for the Packers. Tyler Huntley tried to rally for the win, but came up 1 play short. Green Bay becomes NFC North champions again!
As a Browns fan, I’m celebrating like it’s Christmas.
I’m sad.
THE RAVENS DID NOT LOSE THIS GAME ! Harbaugh did !
Play like a Raven is a real thing. Any other team in the NFL has this many injuries and they are a 2 win team. Next man up with this team is real, and they always play up to the competition, win lose or draw
We….. almost…… won to Green Bay :(, but both teams played well
Harbaugh is a moron! Who goes for two in two straight weeks when you can just go to OT? Stupidity and that is not how football should be played.
I’d just like one game where I don’t have to pace around my living room stressed tf out
Great game, GO PACK GO!!!
i will NEVER understand why Baltimore went for 2 at the end. you either go up 32-31 and GB needs a field goal to win, or tie it 31-31, and GB needs a field goal to win. 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️
Gg Ravens! You guys are really good. Andrews is a beast. GoPackGo!
2-TIME SUPER BOWL CHAMPION BALTIMORE RAVENS HEARTBROKEN 💔 😭 IN BALTIMORE
John Harbaugh tried to outthink himself and go for the dagger backfired on him. You do that, you give Aaron Rodgers too much time to go down the field and get into field goal range and win the game. Dumb move by John Harbaugh
Our packers and refs
So John Harbaugh thought he would  keep the Packers and Aaron Rodgers out of FG Range when they had 42 seconds and a Timeout Left on the clock.
Don’t even know why they went for 2 should’ve just taken it to ot
John Harbaugh is the stupidest coach in the NFL, AWFUL decision to go for 2 imo  No shame on Tyler Huntley he did what he had to do in this game
That's 2 times this season that BAL has possibly cost themselves 2 wins. GB looks like they are on a mission and let's see if Rogers can get that 2nd SB ring.
Huntley>Lamar
I don’t understand the Ravens going for two when the playoffs are on the line.
Aaron Rodgers the goat.
FIRST
That's 2 Losses for the Ravens due to Harbaughs horrible decision making
Rip that 2 point conversion haha
second comment #gocowboys
We should’ve went to OT. Our defense started stepping up. GG Huntley & to the packers. Great game overall.
FIRST
I mean even if the Ravens had gotten that 2 point conversion, 42 seconds is more than enough time for Aaron Rodgers clutch up a game-winning drive, remember that 49ers game back in Week 3?
Packers: FC Barcelona!  Ravens: Aston Villa!
Tyler Huntley deserves a starting job on an NFL Team. I find it funny how terrible QBs like Darnold get excuse after excuse but this guy went undrafted
As a packers fans, all respect for the ravens, they played a hell of a game!
First
FIRST
2nd
here so early the video hasn’t uploaded
just why? have the ravens did not learn from the steelers game????
Dammit
I’m not even a Ravens fan and I feel frustrated for them. They made the same exact decision to go for two against Pittsburgh and it didn’t work because they thought they could just end the game right then and there. Now you’re trying to do this against the Packers?   If I was John Harbaugh, I would’ve just gone for a field goal and go to overtime. It’s terrible that it ended like this because Tyler Huntley played phenomenally against a great Green Bay team today. These cocky decisions from Baltimore have to stop if they ever want to be successful in the rest of the regular season, let alone doing well in the playoffs.
3 NFC Championships in a row for The Packers. They are definitely one of the favourites to win The Super Bowl.
first
