Go to https://buyraycon.com/actman for 15% off your order! Brought to you by Raycon!  Did you like this style of video? I had a lot of fun making it! Maybe Zavala will show up in future videos...
Should've just played warframe instead
This makes me sad now. They massacred d2
R.I.P Lance Reddick
The walking, pacing, gesturing action figure is really selling it to me.😂
cmon femboy besties
U should be thanking all the people watching/donating their parents hard-earned cash 4 the trip to Hawaii they paid-for...blasphemer. Also, use specifically complained about having to go to a 3rd party site to read the lore, then the game SHOWS u the lore & u still complained. A TRUE millennial
He literally called Warmind bad then his channel died 😂 Stupid should stay in its lane. Edit: I don't agree with this guy's takes, his channel is dead weight.
The fact he said he’ll do a review sept 1 2023 of femboy besties and still hasn’t done one for the memes. I’m kinda hurting. 😔
Where’s that Femboy Besties review?
Make another Destiny video now that the saga is over
By far the best raycon sponsored segment I’ve ever seen
I too have struggled to stream D2. The only way I can kind of get it to work is streaming with all the graphics set to low, and on PC at least you just cannot have your FPS set to anything higher than 120 or OBS freaks tf out lmao. So cap the frames at 120, butcher your graphics settings and lower your bitrate and wallah, you have a subpar streaming experience thanks to Bungie
This guy is a quack I haven't seen him do a review on Femboy Besties since this video.
As someome who dumped over 4,600 hours into destiny 1 and another 5,000 into destiny 2, i say yes. I call it crackstiny because i have a crippling addiction and cant get away.
Is it time for another Destiny 2 video?
Hah my lifetime pve kills on mine says over 1million 500 thousand kills . And I quiet destiny in season 16 . D1 vet . Despise bungie and how they killed the lore and the feel that was destiny . It’s sickening
It was never Activision. It was bungie all along.
Everybody forgot you paid full price for it, finished de game in 4 days, 40$ dlc came out 1 week after pc launch and they ultimately made it free without compensation and removed the content you originally paid for ?…
Gotta come back to D2 for the end of the story, final shape
menu is so chaotic that you may start a mission while you are already on a mission
Question will he review sex with Hitler?
One of the best things about playing Destiny 2 is when a friend either returns or finally starts, because they have so much shit to do that I can help with, and I can explain and answer any questions they have in however much detail as they want, but the moment they try to play alone they get frustrated because the new/returning player experience is so fucked they NEED help from someone. One friend had a blast with that experience because the more distracting and confusing the game is, the less he's in the real world. Another friend handled it very well because he actually likes looking up videos about stuff. My brother-in-law wanted to start, and considering he had no idea how to even buy the game because purchasing the DLC for it was/probably still is so fucking convoluted he gave up, so the game even with my help would've probably been the most miserable experience of his life.  Overall I DO highly recommend Destiny 2, if you're unsure when to play, now is good if you have a friend who's already playing, otherwise, you might want to wait until 'The Final Shape' DLC releases, Bungie has said there'll be some changes to make the new player experience better, and what they've already shown seems to confirm that, but, while I doubt it'll be 'Great', I think it'll be 'Good'.
Oh my god the guy doing the zavala voice was killing me!  If you're not shooting you're having fun..GAURDIAN!  And "I shoot therefor i am".  I had to pause i was laughing so hard.
this video is gold i could not stop laughing
I like to think that Act man went insane playing destiny 2, explaining the Zavala figurine
First you don't need a degree to figure out the new system if you need weapon tutorials armor tutorials and tutorials on everything else you're the problem to actually understand any of it all you need is a basic idea of the game and basic intelligence second. The story in which Queen is not that hard I'm not that good at the game and I went through it solo. Third stop with the jokes those just got annoying
act man can you review fortnite battle royale?
I never realized that I was incredibly disappointed in Destiny and Bungie until this video. It really is just such an intrusive and abrasive experience. Constant micro transaction advertisement, unbalanced PVP, monotonous and drawn out "campaign", missing out on content because they "vault" it, so whats the point of purchasing DLC when they won't let you have access. Such a toxic design philosophy.
So it's funny because there's 4+ hour long videos on Destiny story that are now required watching in order to know what is happening. Shame.
You should do a follow up for how bad Lightfall is.
Another Gem from The Act Man im only finding a year later. <3
Can you do warframe next?
That deer meme, epic
Games garbage
I've tried to start this game 2 or 3 times and have zero idea what I'm doing so I quit very quickly.
The Final Shape is coming up that would be an amazing video were fighting the final boss of D2
Someone needs to clip all of these sarcastic Zavala lines Acr Man did into one video. It's priceless
sorry but i had to stop the video and comment when you said the engine works really well. please do some research before doing these videos, when you say stuff like that its pretty clear you havent because if you did you would see a long documented history of how terrible and annoying to work with destinys engine actually is. the fact you struggle to stream the game should how given you a clue.
LMAO HOT TUB STREAAAAMS RECOMENDATION
Don't feel bad. I jumped in the deep end after a year and played for two weeks, and I'm still lost (kinds).
“the engine works” is a true statement abt the destiny spaghetti code
I rejoined jjst before lightfall after 2 years off. It was daunting at first. Almost dropped it. But really glad I stuck through. Not sure what it is, but this game just doesn’t get stale for me. I don’t even care about the loot. Literally used the same loadout all year and it is still fun.
new destiny video when? :)
rest in piece zavala
This has 1000% been my experience trying to get back into it. You can go fishing now??? What the fuck is going on
Still waiting for part 2
I heard it first during your Infinite campaign stream, but the Zavala impression is money ☠️
Foreskin Gaming 😎
Imagine Halo Infinite with the gameplay and story structure of Destiny would have been better than what we got.
I honestly do hope you try out the Arkham games they're actual masterpieces.
How tf does it take 6 minutes for a video to begin lmfao, damn mfer ❤
Wow, you went to Hawaii? My parents went there years ago and desperately want to bring my brother and I someday.
I stop playing the game for a couple years and then I come back and my light lvl is leagues below everyone else
That equals 3 reference was a real surprise lmao
This happened to me aswell so i stopped playing it. Cant even playthrough a single vanguard strike nowadays.
Act Man, could you or or your friends pretend to be Zavala saying: "Guardian, it has come to my attention that you get no b!tches."
Im glad im not the only one that felt like a retard trying to play this game 😅 i had no idea where i was going or what i was doing i just followed my buddy around, then never played the game again
"You vape-smoking meme lord." Omg I lost it at that 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I think the best solution to vaulting is to copy what call of duty does and make every DLC uninstallable. In other words, if i have finished an expansion like Beyond Light, I should be able to uninstall that campaign seperately without uninstalling the entire game. As long as the the guns and abilities from said expansion stay in the game, i feel like that would be an effective solution.
The Hive are the moth people
I returned almost 6 years later. And I know your struggles. 3 weeks and I mostly do strike playlists so far. 🤣
Destiny 2 has never looked interesting to me
I harlte Destiny 2, ive played 140000 hours of this game!
Destiny 2 ismone of the greatest games of the generation amd last
Based on everything that’s been said of Destiny 1, all the controversy of Destiny 2 and now Destiny 2 removing DLC… why the fuck do people still play these garbage video games? You’re literally letting Bungie toss you around like a rag doll.
"I shoot, therefore I am" 😂 i also had this same experience.  I eventually never went back just out of annoyance.
Playing through grasp of avarice blind with friends is the pinnacle of what makes Destiny 2 fun
I feel the ADHD thing 😂
Destiny 2 became sooo trash after Jokers Wild
I hope bungie makes a new vangaurd titan and name him lance, so honor zavala, and we really need ryan Reynolds to be the hunter vanguard.
Wanted to say, failsafe was hot asf. Never was i ever attracted to a voice until i played destiny 2
New user experience is different if your account has never been used for even a second lol
This was so accurate
14:33 that’s true but one time a dead wizard just flew around the area after it died till we left lol
My friends on discord started playing nothing but Destiny. I can’t invest that amount of time because I have a family. It’s borderlands with extra steps to me.
Zavala would be a lot funnier if his lines were written by some one more knowledgeable on his lore
The engine just working has aged poorly lol.
Zavala sounds like narrator
Destiny as an experience is different for everyone but got damn the music slaps
WHERE TF IS THE FEMBOYS BESTIES REVIEW ACT MAN
Rip Zavala
I started now, I have about 70 hours, just reached the hard cap, the game is getting really good
I recently tried getting back into Destiny 2 after once LOVING IT, but after less than 30 minutes, I was already uninstalling the game.
Make a return to Lightfall
That zavala impersonation is wholesome my friend 👌
RIP Zavala ❤
Read their 2022 GDC.
Recently redownloaded destiny 2, for the first time in about 4-3 years. Haven't played any of the dlcs up until now , but I can honestly say this shit is actually really fun (and extremely addictive) when you get the hang of it
10:24 that inventory hurts my eyes but it's cool to see all the stuff that is now gone. Everyone that played destiny 2 before year two should look at this picture now and tell me that there were little to no quality of life changes... Since witchqueen the game got 5x times better even if the latest story dlc was trash!
More on destiny 2
16:41 this is the one puzzle you can brute force
RIP king, he'll have all the feet pics he wants in the light in the sky
RIP Lance :(
ngl to me destiny 2 feels like a modern fps take on phantasy star online, going through levels with friends killing shit to acquire new gear to kill stronger shit, rinse and repeat
To Lance Reddick(Zavala's VA) R.I.P(Rest in pictures of feet)
i literall just started revisiting destiny two not too long after this video was posted, before then i hadnt played since launch. definitely enjoying the game again, im glad i decided to come back
Rest in peace Lance Riddick
I wish I could go raiding but A: I have nobody to raid with and B:I can't run the game so I can only play 1 hour at a time through geforce now
After not playing for 5 years, I just got back into Destiny 2 two weeks ago and this is exactly how I felt lol
I honestly was super bored after playing alone for 60 min. No idea what was going on, what i was shooting at and the world doesnt speak to me at all. I love halo, i love star wars and i love me some alien, but this setting just seems ugly and non-sensical. It's Halo from wish.  I play more as i love looter shooters, but never alone. The bombardment of info especialy about the stores was extremely annoying. just let me play.  Anyway any game ever needs to get you hooked within 60 min. That first hour will be the most important hour of that game. The verdict on wether to keep playing or not. And this is just abyssmal, even worse than most mmo's. That multiple friends are playing this is the only reason i might return and to be honest we could just play anything else and my enjoyment would be the same.  It's all just a blur to me.
It’s 2023 why is there not a destiny 3 by now? I loved the original and only played destiny 2 for maybe 2 months then fell off. It didn’t feel the same.
These Zavala jokes gonna be hitting different now that his actor passed away... 😞
I miss Zavala already... RIP Lance Reddick
I blame Zanny for getting me I to destiny 2
I love destiny 2 and I hate it
Should have never returned, the game is a disaster.
You must be shooting!! https://www.youtube.com/clip/UgkxxdjRg9dHeKoVsFpFhMLqxEkjrEZtOUXC https://youtube.com/clip/UgkxxIywfP4CnTU8sah_G7-r1rZrt3gGyr56 https://youtube.com/clip/UgkxZOpkgQuy86dY-GlKz-lSW2JgCAimlo-G
Booted the game up last night and played alone after having like only 3 hours in the game prior and hated it. Played today with friends and was crying laughing and had the best gaming experience I’ve had in years
I can see why people don’t stream this game. Bungie makes it really hard even though it would be free advertising. They also shot themselves in the foot with new players and seem to be playing dumbs about it. I don’t think they want a new player like me to even play this game honestly
I just got into destiny 2 with my friend. We don’t have the expansions yet but we might get them. I’m having fun.
Plz make another destiny 2 video
The moral of the story is.. never ever buy a Bungie game. I have no idea who's running shit over there, but I'm confident some pre-schoolers would do 1000x better than whatever it is they're doing.
Destiny 2 is flawed but not as bad as Halo Infinite, which I can't defend anymore
NGL, I loved the first 2 dlc. And the red war campaign then they got rid of it now I'm running around with my head cut off jumping back in. And I'm out like 100$ 😆
game can be a complete trash but if you play it with friends iit becomes good ,that doesent make a game good
As someone whos currently jumping into Lightfall and hasn't played since launch, I'm glad I'm not the only person confused as shit.
This is exactly the video I needed to satisfy my hatred for what this "game" has become
Guardian, I am morbidly obese 6:10
Oh boy he complained about needing the wiki out... wait till he plays Warframe 😭😭😭
Zavala wears raycons in battle lmao 😂
You are moran dad's oll wat ai have say to you moran moran go play wit play mobile
While having to pay $60 a year for new content is annoying. It’s sure as shit better then buying cod every year
another casualty lost
he has the hellspawn emblem and probaly isn't even aware of it...I am dying inside
This was exactly my experience - I just came back after 3 years last week 🤣
Man, I've been playing for 7 years and I love the game. But the UI is almost "Warframe Bad" and I still can't figure out which version to recommend my buddies buy.
I had never played any Destiny.  Then played D2 about 4months ago and was hooked immediately.  It felt like Halo times 100x. I also though, at first (like 2weeks) was voraciously overwhelmed,  and my understanding came a a slow drip. This is mainly because I didn't want to just research online , I want to figure it out myself. Now I'm in love and enjoy my dailys and, most importantly , shooting things to have fun.
The Zavala skit had me crying lol
10:40 whats the song used here?
THANK YOU😂,its confuseing,thought maybe i had to start using the D2 guide for dummies,I'm subscribing,keep it up😂,h
It do be like that though...
Bro you nailed zavala 😂❤
As a casual player, I feel your pain and frustration.  Bungie does what bungie wants. And sadly that means if you're not playing 24/7 with a group of 3-6 good gamers. You're going to miss out. Kinda heart-breaking. A love-hate relationship.
Destiny 2 a.k.a CashGrabber
Man, if you thought Witch Queen had great music, please tell me someone has introduced you to Deep Stone Lullaby.
I love zavala in this video
Haha, so true this, every time I log on I have no idea what half the quests are or what I'm supposed to do next. Got lightfall but something definitely wrong with the game overall, like a load of stuff bolted together badly.
subbed and i play destiny 2 everyday almost still 🤣🤣
Wow just a random vid that popped up on my recommended and I clicked and the zavala skit has made me sub loved it!
Lmao I literally just came back and I'm so lost and confused 😭
Omfg that sponsor transition was so smooth. Man got me with that shit like a rickroll😂😂😂
'Yyyeeeeeees' that killed me 🤣🤣
You’re a noob that’s why is so hard four your generation x mind
Dresstiny can be fun sometimes
It still baffles my mind how the whole marketing campaign was that your vault was destroyed so none of the old loot will return yet here we are doing the same shit raids with the same shit exotics i used fkn 9 years ago 💀💀💀
Destiny 2 is just a money grab.  You buy expansions with same grinding game play and collect items.  Then they remove expansions you paid for but sorry no refunds.  Vault all you favorite weapons and just rebadge those weapons with a new name.
Totally agree about the playing with friends aspect. Beginning of Witch Queen I had a load of friends who played but this quickly dwindled leaving me alone. Didn’t find it as fun and found my play options limited. I’d do LFG more if my anxiety would let me. But overall the times I did play with others were some of the best
Its such a gorgeous ass game that is so got damn busy with crap that is overly complicated
That’s literally me rn😂
Destiny 2 awakens stupidity in everyone that plays it, playing it with friends is absolutely mandatory
The way pulled off that sponsor ad was slick and had me rolling lol
Hopefully he comes back for LightFall
See ya in lightfall
Hmmm...not really getting why this guy has so many views. I'm here as a Destiny fan. Is he funny?
B to dismiss 💀
Ya miss that lil bit that said "Hit B to dismiss"? ^_^ 5 guns had me rollin' though. Do a review on lightfall when it comes out
being an active Destiny 2 player, I've come to expect and respect all of the flak it recieves
"If you say one more thing I'm putting you back in the box" lmfao..  Great video, & great points you made.  I'm surprised, (probably b/c you have friends to play with) that you didn't mention how Bungie is "stingy" with the matchmaking..   There were so many times, (I started playing D2 again as well) where I wish I had some freaking help! Someone to watch my back.  But.. alas.. I had no help b/c I couldn't team up with any randoms for quest...  *sighs*
You know what's crazy is we both returned to Destiny after a 4 year break at the same time.  Osiris expansion frustrated me that much.
New player experience is bad because the game is just too big, meanwhile endgame players often struggle with content droughts in between releases. Once you get through the first hurdle and have friends who can help you understand what to do, it is the best game there is if you like fps, rpgs and sci-fi. Once you then reach a very high endgame cap of maybe around 2-3k hours where u may have low manned a few raids, that’s when you can get kinda bored. Unless you are a crucible fanatic or enjoy breaking the game with oob‘ing and sparrowing.
Wait glimmer is useful when did that happen was it witch queen. I'm hoping even with the expensive expansions and season pass it's actually careing about the fans still because I have heard mix reviews since Sony bought it. I also some what understanding vaulting but when call of duty games are bigger then any game I have ever play cold war is like 300gb with everything installed.
I loved destiny back in the day I think last one I played was forsaken a year or two ago then quit playing but I'm thinking of jumping back in because I need the shooter itch scratched. And I'm a casual at call of duty but destiny sucked away my life in pve lol. 😆
Bah gawsh, an =3 transition... I haven't seen that in... years.
eh many will tell you they hate the artstyle of two compaired to 1
Destiny 2 is worth as a destiny one player who recently joined guardians get back into it it is pretty fun highly recommend
Unironically good ad spot.  I know what Raycon is already.  I also already have headphones I like.  However, I still watched it because it was creative, entertaining, and high effort.
I recently got the game with beyond light dlc and holy fuck it took me 2 days to figure out how to A. Play the game B. Where my dlc was and C. Finally unlock the first dlc mission
I love Destiny 2. I really do. But as someone who did a very similar thing where I stopped playing at the beginning of Curse of Osiris (because that expansion was dog sh*t) and then jumped back in right at the beginning of Shadowkeep... the "new" user experience was TERRIBLE. They had changed enough (or it had been long enough for me to forget) that I felt like I didn't know what I was doing any time I wasn't just shooting my gun and jumping around. Traveling areas, sorting our required quests or tasks vs. optional ones... just navigating the damned menu system, took me FOREVER to get used to and almost turned me off a few times. At the end of it, I am glad I stuck with it because Destiny is better than it has ever been and I have said that for a few expansions in a row and it just keeps getting better. But, you either already knew that and completely agree because you play, or I would tell you not to waste your time. Too much of the story is completely inaccessible now for anything to make sense and that new user experience is worse than ever... so yeah. Not really sure who this comment is for. Either keep playing D2 because it's awesome or don't bother because it won't be awesome for you if you are just now wanting to try it.
Destiny 2 is alot like a toxic religion, it's very rough at first and you eventually make ot there but after you spend alot of money and time, but you'll have good times and alot of bad times. And sure you can leave but you'll know you will come back you always go back until it inevitably kill its self
I tried to get back in to destiny 2 and I just can’t there is a lot of  stuff
Destiny now is so much different then back in the days. And I was away for a year and came back to this new stuff and man.. it was overwhelming. But, what i do like is the new subclass system for sure. I can pick an choose whatever and whenever so it makes the game stay "fresh". But.. the quests that always involve pvp can just go away. If i feel like doing pvp then sure i play pvp. But not even have a choice well screw u.
Never have I thought, I’ll sit here and watch someone play with a action figure
The single biggest problem in the game right now is onboarding. ESPECIALLY this year, with the Light 3.0 subclass updates. As somebody who's been playing this whole time, all the new changes are pushing the game in an overall great direction. But I can't imagine being a New Light right now, lol, goddamn. There's no directions right now, and I didn't realize all those pop ups just hit you at once lol.
Yes like you it's been awhile since I've played Destiny and one of the reasons I stopped was the complicated weapons management system and inventory of collectibles. Too much stuff to think about some of us just want to get on and just play. I think Destiny needs to be scaled-down some in regards to the builds, crafting, etc., etc.
I love Destiny 2, but damn i cant recommend it to new players/friends, playing this game is fun but the new player experience isnt great (used to be worse)
Where are you, and I'm so sorry. I cannot shoot, I cannot loot tonight  Bro I'm crying 🤣
my man is picky like me with games lmao I STILL haven't gotten around to playing resident evil
I haven't played destiny since leviathan lol! It was a great decision.
Ayo no rush when the next destiny video coming
destiny and warframe this two always overwhelming after 3 or 2 years coming back  i got confuse and just stop
you need to do a colab with sweatcicle
the too easy  and too hard is a big problem with Mmo and live service games they suck at preparing you for the endgame content since you never have to bother learning the mechanics.
I’ve never been more frustrated and more confused in what to do in a video game.
Nice to see you had fun, I recently came back to the game also because everything else had been so disappointing, and I’ve been having fun, I can’t believe it either.
Imo when they sunsetted th start of the game and 3 xpacs the game became am extremely confusing mess for new players I played destiny 2 at the start for a little came back recently and I'm soo fuckin lost in the game
Isn't savathun a mother person?
Bingo has mastered the art of making their game look like a generic sci-fi game you’d see in a movie that doesn’t want to pay licensing fees
ROFLROFLROFLROFLROFLROFLROFLROFL Is Zavala going to get down on some multiplayer? Watch out if Osiris ends up joining him.
Micro transactions on fully priced games. That just fucking 🤢. Should have options to buy the game with a bundle of micro transactions including. Cause fuck man that shit annoying have ads within a God damn video game.
Y would u come back y curse yourself like this
Just got back into D2 after leaving when they first ditched content, been playing a few days on the basic free game & yea the game really needs a proper campaign to hook free players & convince them to pay for the DLC story, unlike the actual story the game launched with, the modified version of D1's Cosmodrome arc just isn't enough.
Debating jumping back into destiny
I love Destiny 2 and I've always loved Destiny as a series (Except Red War that was a spit in the face). And now that it feels they have their footing without Activision breathing down their necks and money from Sony, it truly feels like they know what they're doing. I hear from everyone that the UI and starting is super confusing but as a veteran since a little before Taken King I don't see it but can understand that if so many people are saying that, it must be true.  However the story is amazing (except for a few things they _still_ are holding close to their chest and makes the story feel hollow in areas) and is the second biggest inspiration for me in my writing. The music is the best in media. Period. There are few songs in Destiny I'd call 'bad', and most if not all of them have been removed so Nice. And the gunplay is just. Just the best. Even other supposed "Good gunplay" is dwarfed by Destiny 2. Fallout, the Mass Effect trilogy, High on Life (wat?), various Call of Duty and Battlefield games, Overwatch, Valorant, the Metroid Prime trilogy, and more. All of them are boring and limiting compared to the utter freedom Destiny's classes, subclasses, weapons, abilities, stats, armor sets, artifacts, perks, mods, and more all make me feel like I can be anything I want to be.  There's a reason I'm in the top 10% of players in playtime. Because it's fun, addicting, and frankly, sometimes a better friend and family member than the real ones where sometimes, especially during the hardest times of my life (Well also that I just turned 18 and have yet to get my life off the ground yet). Destiny 2 for me is therapy. It allows me to not worry about my anxieties, my fears, my ADHD, my problems. It allows me to escape my issues and just play, fight, win, kill. To enjoy a world I have never stopped loving since I first read about it on my dad's phone while in the line for a Disneyland ride at 10 PM in the now far off year of 2016.  Am I biased to the extreme to this game? Yeah, definitely. I won't ever deny that. I love it and it's as close to me as any media can be, but I know there's objective positives and that this game is *objectively* a good game now. For everyone? No. Heck, my brother finds it boring, confusing, and repetitive. But the last thing you can say about Destiny 2 is that it is not loved by its owners and fanbase.  The poor thing was born way too early, mishandled by two fighting parents over what it should be for years, the better parent won custody but was just as lost as Destiny, leading to even more mishandling, but Bungie just needed to find their footing and truly show they love the game. Now Destiny has never been in a better place and I am so happy to see such a pitiful game now outshines every other MMO out there and is consistently on Steam's top ten most played games alone, not even factoring the other consoles' playerbase.  Started caring about the series before I was even a teenager, now I'm an adult and looking back, I wouldn't have traded anything for those memories of this franchise. It truly is special, even if it is to just me and me alone. I might leave after The Final Shape like I did Marvel and Endgame. The story _I_ grew up with will be done and therefor it would be time for me to move on. But who knows? Maybe Destiny will be something I'll be telling my kids about.
Fortunately lightfall is introducing a system that rewards veterans for helping new players
I recnetly got back into D2 after quitting back in Warmind. Its was hella confusing since I had an "Established" Guardian but the new Player missions arnt terrible for explaining the basics. I think the "FREE" aspect is pushing it a bit a you dont get much without buying expansions or Bundles. They should make some of the older stuff Free now for players and lower the Money barrier to entry.
Started at red war, got bored and forgor about it for years until the season of the haunted, got it down after a couple months but it was worth it.
as someone who's never really been into campaign shooters (and never even played one until recently), i only checked out Destiny 2 because it went free to play awhile back.  and i thought it was ok, but found multiple issues that just held me back from playing it - chief among which is the lack of a full reset on your progress (but keeping like cosmetics and shit that don't affect the story or game balance). I just wanna erase my old characters and start fresh so i can know wtf is going on, why can't games do that, ffs - but other than that, i remember it being kinda decent.  but yeah, the new player experience ain't grea, and preventing me from just starting over makes it even worse.
I think honestly the worst part is when you actually get into the game. Half the content they've made over the years if not more has been removed or is in an unplayable state. Some of the best content at least according to my friends doesn't exist anymore because it was either seasonal content or was decommissioned. It's just a joke. It's an overcomplicated game that has been gutted and is nearly unapproachable for new players and unplayable for returning players.  Not even talking about the 2 years of content that got removed from before they went independent. I'm talking about the content they made after that
I tried playing again. I played the year it came out. I got thrown into gameplay as soon as I loaded up the game that I felt super under geared for and couldn't leave without finishing it. After bashing my head against it for like 3 hours I quit. I probably won't ever play again.
The Act Man with an Act Tan. Nice!
Call the f*** have I been watching your content before I subscribe to the point where I saw your destiny 2 videos before anything else lol 😂
Destiny is a huge waste of potential.
Haven't played since Forsaken in 2018. Wanted to try it again but with new friends, who hasn't played it at all. And it was unplayeble for both of us. Noone knows what is going on, impossible to replay red war, too many of all the stuff. Really dissapointed, i loved this game, but can't imagine to play it as a new player
Awww man. I needed that laugh... Ikara's feet are probably the best...
Id love to see your take on the Vow raid. Personally that raid had the best experience when it came to mechanics, complexity, and story.
I love this game and have been playing for quite a while... But I'm still surprised the New Light experience is so bad and overwhelming considering how long it's been around by now Not to mention adding offline versions of the old campaigns that you can download on your own shouldnt be that much of a problem, especially since its the stuff that was paid for... I wish they did something about it
Can't wait for lightfall
BRO THIS IS EXACTLY MY EXPERIENCE. I just got back into the game and i’m learning english for the first time again!
No live service makes a game better because they are not designed to make a game better. They are designed to make money.   Lazy developers would love to make one game and live off it for the next 20 years. Live service is stagnation. We'd all be driving cars from 1984, but paying $5000 a year every year to get the latest operational update, because you know.....auto makers got to stay in business and it's not like you buy a car every year. They need to make money.
The vaulting of content, some of it that I never got the chance to play, is the sole reason I put this game down and will never come back. Warframe does it just fine and its free
Honestly? I got into this game since I've wanted to since it came out but finally could right when the Dawning season was close to ending. If you like daily routines, it's neat. And the world exploring is awesome, plus the Witch Queen is surprisingly deep in lore with the character reads like Zavala. The new season is grindy as fuck and you better have cash, because that's how you get the dog plushie only unlockable by achievement via the pass.  Also damn Zavala, you're a good merchant!!
the zavala impressions killed me
I've always wanted to give destiny 2 and honest try, I love the gameplay, art direction, etc. but every time I pick it up it's a barrage of confusion as I try to understand what to do with the currencies and things I pick up. On top of this, I genuinely can't justify spending the price of a full game for "expansion" content that gets removed every couple years.
ive been boycoting destiny sence the removal of red war. i demand to have my content back
yea servers ran well then they are ripping apart at the seams now lol
1000% on point
Destiny 2 is like avengers its fun gameplay wise but doesn't tell you where to go or what to do
I don't undestand Destiny :D Tried it one evening because my buddy and I were looking for a new game. But it was just boring point and shoot bullet sponge enemies... Then you get a different stronger weapon and you point and shoot at other differently colored enemies. I mean I love shooters and I love RPGs, but the shooter gameplay just doesn't mix with RPG mechanics for me. Shooters need to be fast and tightly balanced to be fun. Otherwise it's just hold the crosshair at enemies for a long time, or slightly less long time (if you got a better weapon). In a good RPG that is one aspect of one character but you also have 5+ completely different characters with different playstyles to choose from.
Act man a blink fan?
act man is so right for this. this is why i dont play d2 and really enjoyed d1. you just played strikes and when you needed the best gear go raid and nightfall. easy. i have to ask my friends 35 questions everytime i log into d2 id rather not play at all
Your face in the thumbnail looks like Buck from Halo
Cynical former player here (late to the party here but just showed up in my feed).  I loved just logging in to shoot things.  But here is the structure under the patterns that results in the current state of the game: the developers cannot keep up with demand for new and entertaining game content (maps, missions, playlist activities, dungeons, raids etc).  So they constantly shift around  (or add) rules, currencies, progress systems, abilities, weapons, and so on, in order to keep existing players interested enough to keep playing.  They are always "changing the sandbox" (and that can be seen in a positive light by existing players).   These changes always throws players out of the routines they already play the game with.  The players have to adjust, and learn the newest best tactics, and make new progress.  For me that robs the sense of accomplishment for making any progress.  And I wonder how much development time goes to moving the rug out from under players versus actually developing playable game content?  This is a one-sided take (there are good reasons to adjust the sandbox) but I can't un-think the idea that they are just deliberately making players adjust to changes as a filler for "not enough content."  Pouring one out for PvPers waiting on new maps.
The games has a long way to go regarding new user experience, but imo Destiny has a similar issue as elden ring where if you don't do the tutorial/ npc Interactions etc, you'll be lost.
“Nothing is certain except death and taxes and horny Destiny players” - Benjamin Franklin
Man I wish this community was so big like d1 was. D1 was three years of my life and I don't regret it one minute.
Uhhh so we…uhhhh getting a part 2???
That was exactly my experience when I started played like 2 years or so ago. The shooting was fun but everything else is so needlessly convoluted. Didn't help that the content my friends made me buy was on track to be deleted (sorry, vaulted) a few weeks later. When I found that out I deleted the game in disgust.
I came back about three months ago and I felt the exact same way. I feel seen.
i so relate to this video, went back to see how things were and yeah turned it off had no idea what was going on haha ggs
Destiny is items and character building it’s because you love the gun play and design etc. if you don’t like it you don’t it’s an addiction period. Like it or don’t it’s ok
You complain about no tutorial and then don’t google anything or pay attention to the pop ups that you complain about later
Doesn’t look that impressive
The fact that bungie said they are going to reduce amount of communication with the player community due to receiving real-life threat, which I would admit the threat is never a good move. But they never for one second thinking about why players are so pissed with them that even went for real-life threat. Their level of ignorance is so far one of worst I ever seen in any video game developers.
Rip. I only did D1. Then some colleagues asked me to play with them one time. We're now 1.5 year and 2000 hours later 🥲
Hey why don't you look up a tutorial on YouTube on getting back into destiny.
Where's the PVP?
This really accurately illustrates my own experience when I tried to play Destiny again. The game does not shut the fuck up about itself, yet does absolutely nothing to explain what you could be doing. It seems very fond of wasted time, tbh.  Not to mention, the thought of "catching up" took all of the motivation out of playing this game. I had no interest in playing a game that was trying to act like I had missed a semester of uni. I don't play games because I want to be reminded of work. 😤
This was the first sponsor that I didn't skip lol
I love that you play games that YOU enjoy and not because they trend
loved this video bro especially with the funny zavala in it
Pretty good Lance Reddick impression.
Get the Trespasser in the exotic archives on the Tower. It's a sidearm that shreds in both PvP and PvE.
8:10 I’m dead, this is incredibly accurate 😭
Probably watch a few lore videos to get up to speed with the story, then you wouldn't feel so overwhelmed
Man... Theres a guy in my college who religiously plays destiny 2...  And somehow he knew I used to play it back in the day... And he's been nagging me for almost 2 years now... To play with him... 😐 I will never surrender,  I will never cave in!!! Victory is mine.
if you're having trouble getting back into the game after so long, try the new light missions.  they by new character OR going to the helm and access the past quests Kiosk (seriously, they should just doo the new light campaign if you've been gone for years and slowly walk you through everything.)
I would love to see something Arby and The Chief style with you and Zavala.
13:30 beyond light flashback run through toward's end, complete part/ mission, and run to the same spot but more few feet rinse and repeat.  hate Bungie's design was running 95% time to mission.
They are supposed to improve the new light experience on the new expansion
i like warframe more
im glad you didn't start back up alone, solo play for new players WILL make you hate the game, you need to have friends to indoctrinate you into the game or its going to be horrible and you wont like it. 100% guarantee. the new player experience is just that bad. (speaking from a vet pov)
destiny 2 ❤️💕
Ive played this game since launch and never understood wtf to do just played the story and do Crucible
Going into destiny 2 years later is like being a new player
This game is so complicated needlessly, due to the vault, that I had to watch a nearly 3 hour video explaining it all and the story just to get a grasp before the Witch Queen..
Damn dude making me want to jump back in and actually finish the campaign
4 years? Christ man I recently took 4 months off and was totally lost when I tried getting back into it. Took me a couple hours just to go through all my menus and figure out exactly what was going on. The Destiny experts on Reddit were a lot of help too. Look its a complex and complicated video game but if you put in the work and figure it all out there is a lot of fun to be had here. The game is enormous now.
16:37  >"The puzzles and traps make you think" >shows the only puzzle in the witch queen campaign you can skip entirely with a rocket launcher
i retuned yesterday since black armory, and boy was i lost. none of my old fireteam here. old content vaulted. realized i couldn’t use my old guns? couldn’t fuse midnight coup, 1k voices, ba shotguns etc.. i’m so confused lol but i really wanna get back into it. play on ps5 if anyone wants to help!
As a person who's played this game for years I can say that destiny is absolute dog shit when it comes to new/returning players, they exclusively cater to veteran players who've been consistently for years and it's a terrible business model to use because let's say I have a friend who I want to get into destiny but has never played. If I wouldn't hold their hand and teach them about how the game works then it would be shit experience.  Love the game to death but Jesus christ bungie hasn't been the same since Activision got their grubby hands on them.
raycons gonna be cannon now 😂🤣
What I like about Dungeons is that they are challenging but can be soloed. They have raid like mechanics, where each encounter tends to have a gimmick (dungeons since Prophecy tend to have an overarching one that is in all encounters. Those are the Dark & Light motes for Prophecy, the Scorch Cannon and engrams for Grasp, the bells for Duality and the arc nodes for Spire). I've done 5/6 solo flawless (6/6 just plain solo) and I enjoyed my time achieving those.... except Duality. Those backpacks......
I gave up on that game mainly because no one is willing to help you with hard raids especially if you don't know what your doing the community is very toxic like sea of Thieves
I'm addicted to this game💀
let's face it, Destiny 2 has never been an extremely transparent game. still nothing else like it.
I just wish they will put the amazing content in the game, not all of it, but the best : -the red war and forsaken campaigns (for new light experience) -the raids and strikes that were removed  -the "hidden" exotic quests for whisper, juju etc... It would make the game feel so much better, coherent and complete with almost no work, just a few menus like the "legends" ones bc all the assets are already made.
Pay to win, how much did it cost you to go to PAX to get that emote… 😅😅😅😅
Perfect! Nothing more needs to be said. Destiny is a Moon load of crap….  I always want to come back but I can’t pay these fools anymore just to get things removed after a short while.  Wish they would let you install which DLC you want to install to keep the size manageable..
What i liked about Destiny 1 was the feel of it was just like i remembered Halo up to Reach and i dug that combined with the Pvp & PvE coop its cool that they made a lot of content for 2 as long as its good.. is it worth playing now as F2P idk.. is it ?
Issues with destiny are if u start playing now I have no idea who people are or what's going on. If u take a break again, you come back lost and not knowing what's happening and what all these new systems are. But if u play a lot you get bored of the season boring model. I'm on a break this season and I've cancelled light fall. Which sucks cause I've done them all and take time off work to do so.
Destiny looks so beautiful, the music and the gunplay has always been so fun, but literally everything else about it now makes me never want to go near it again.
Me and my bud did the first mission of the witch queen, it was a free mission cause i'm broke. We got to the second to last part of it where we had to put up a flag with i think 5 waves. We had to come up with like 13 different strategies to finally succeed cause it was legendary, with 2 people.
I came back to Witch Queen after about 3 years and initially, had a blast. About 2 months ago I stopped playing though because you realize it's the same ol' Bungie doing stupid shit like always. Taking forever to fix bugs and nerfing things that don't need to be nerfed. Also the seasons are really bad. The gameplay loop gets old literally after a couple of days.
Destiny 2 is so beautiful but so boring to explore :/ Had to unistall sadly cause was more frustrated than having fun. Guns are fun to shoot but every enemy is just boring to shoot theres no challenge besides just having better guns.
You probably picked one of the worst seasons to come back Season of plunder was so boring
I feel so bad for you.
You should have hired the actual voice actor for the add he probably would have done it
Silly game... Have to pay 6 times the price of D2 to get... weapons of D1 🤣 honestly, this game is easy to quit and you cannot regret it
do you have Autisim?
I finally put this game down for good a year ago.  I have over 4200 hours in this game...  It is a lot of fun, but one of the most frustrating games I have ever played also.   My favorite thing in the world in most games is PVP, but this game PVP is AWFUL.  I always felt like the aim assist KILLS the fun in the game because it takes away being a dead shot as an advantage at all.  I also loathe the way large caliber pistols are so completely over powered compared to everything else.    The art direction in this game is absolutely gorgeous.  I never knew enough people who played this game to get to do many raids.   I never got to get many of those weapons, so maybe that is why it lost my interest.  I just got bored rinsing and repeating...
free to play that requires you to pay money  to play .... then removes things you paid for.   i will never touch destiny again in my life
I hate this game. It's my favourite game
I am a new light, started playing 2-3 months ago. It literally took me less than a week to just play the game and figure everything out. You people overexaggerate literally everything.
Game sucks without friends
Destiny 2, fun to play. That's about it. I also quit after Osiris and came back 5 months ago, and holy shit... What's going on. It's awful. No clue what happened or why, I'm so lost. It's fun to play but because I was so lost and confused, I quit in 2 days.
Sad that you missed forsaken. It was the best dlc for sure.
16:15 they are called dungeons. Better than doing a complicated raid lol
Things that indicate a non-Destiny Player:  Ikoras feet instead of Caitils. "Glimmer is a useful currency" Expecting a MMO to teach build mechanics Exotic Weapons haven't changed You DO need a qualified expect.  Community is key. Want tutorials but being bothered when they don't disappear if you don't follow through Calling a Dungeons a loot cave 😂😂
Don’t worry, us Destiny players hate the game more than anyone else.
Bungies dream of having zevala do ads in their game lol
Sending new players the Grasp of Avarice(the "loot cave') dungeon is something Destiny veterans live for
As a veteran destiny and destiny 2 player, I agree that the new light stuff is very confusing and just useless, if tutorials and explanations were available it would be so easy for new players to go in and just enjoy. I think bungie is mostly focusing on the current players and not the new players. All the stuff they add dosent really help new players and you can really only understand if yku play the game all the time. As well as the fact that new players don’t really understand that champions are a thing, like barrier, overload and unstoppable champions are annoying but they’re supposed to “add difficulty” when it’s not difficult, it’s just artificially difficult by adding a bunch of shit, it’s just stupid imo.
Ya this is what kept me from playing, which sucks I wanted to get back into the game but was so confused I just gave up, I'm playing now but I wish it was more understandable when I wanted to get on, it was season 17 or season of the haunting and there is things in that season pass I reallllllllly want
Watching this in the future present, its still so relatable lol
As someone  who loves Destiny 2 and has from day 1, I can say that the game is very different. The New Light campaign needs to be updated to explain the games economy, mods, weapon perks, and subclass 3.0 as the game hardly explains any of that.
Not quite sure what the "can't steam on obs" was about.  Me and my friends have never had any issues with that and our frame rates
I just opened it again for the first time in years and I don’t know what’s going on.
So, I was a day 1 D1 and D2 player.  I miss what the game was and can't stand what it is now
A lot of your criticisms weren’t fair. A small example is the tips… a simple menu search would have fixed this for you in 3 seconds
i wasnt ready for RWJ transition
i went back and yup ..very different ..new sub classes..and call of duty is worse then a dumpster fire...
This video took way too long to get to the point
Seeing this man throw hammers at the ogre from grasp off avarice makes me wanna cry
I played at launch then quit shortly after, just returned to it within the past few months and I gotta say I absolutely love the game and don't regret coming back to give it a chance. I've sank countless hours into it the last couple months and am looking forward to lightfall. Currently my favorite game right now. After the disappointments with halo and 343 it's good to see bungie still kicking and putting out what I feel is great content. It's got its flaws but all in all I think destiny is a great experience.
ya to the core destiny will always be about the power of friendship thats for sure.
It's nice to see someone play and just critique certain things but overall have a good time. The stuff that goes on under the hood is some of the most abhorrent design in the industry little does he know.  This is not the bungie I grew up with.
He nailed, this on the head 100%
tried playing twice as a new player... game is impossible
Love your video, made me laugh a lot ! dunno if its you voicing Commander Zavala but its pretty damn accurate X))  Been a year 2 player from forsaken and never left the game since, and honestly i do understand the critics you adressed.  I do have a new light player whom I have to explain shitloads of lore to with every campaign mission he doesn't know the story of lol.  But still, this game is defenetly one of my favorites in terms of game design, music and story.  and don't forget to shoot stuff, guardian !!
I just started Destiny 2 and you hilariously sum up the total and utter bewilderment that it is to play this game. Like....where do I go? What do I do? What are all these...things? I have played a ton of games, including FPSs, and yet this one feels like I need a PhD to know 1% of what is happening
"Why is this vaulted content not offered in an offline mode" Thank you, I've been saying this for fucking ages yet none of the massive D2 tubers ever question this.
It’s so confusing for a new player now and days I tried playing 2 separate times and just stopped because I couldn’t progress.
Played Destiny 2 exclusively for about a year or so.  I learned that basically the game comes out with "shiny new guns" that are the same as the dusty old guns, just polished up. And the entire game is a rehash but now with almost zero usable SP experience anymore.  Haven't touched the game now in 4 months.  Got a refund for my pre-purchase of the Witness expansion.  Best thing I ever did.
I just hopped back on the game since 2019 and had to rebuy all the DLC's since I transferred PC and I gotta say I'm so lost it's insane.
I recently came back after several years and this is 100% my experience.
i got a rainbow six siege ad at the prefect timing 4:40
3:37 I had to pause and comment. Best ray on ad EVER!   On a side note I hope this gets better. I started a clan just help New Lights. The new player experience is one of the worst I have ever seen.
Destiny 2 is great now but way too expensive
I returned after a couple years and I was like what is this garbage. Bungie doesn’t get that more isn’t always better and that quality is always better. The just kept adding more and more content that didn’t do anything when they could of just made less content of a better quality and replay ability.
Jesus Christ this video was terrible. Get to the point
The build crafting makes it really fun. But it's hard to get access to it because so many of the mods aren't available.
deep down i know that destiny is a objectively bad game but my judgment is clouded by nostalgia and that knowing ill get sweet dopamine everytime i get a new exotic
when i played i remember spending more time in the menu trying to figure out the stats on armor and weapons. speaking of weapons there are so many weapons you have to figure out which ones fit your play style and which ones are crap. for me it was so complex it gave me a headache. I did enjoy the shooting once the action started, and the mechanics. It just goes on forever and their was no end in site. once my armor was buff it would become obsolete in no time. I felt like i was chasing a carrot at the end of a stick. It just got old but i did enjoy it for awhile.
I agree I tried destiny 2 for the 1st time about 3-4 months ago and it had no tutorials or information on how to play the f n gm put I quickly realized that it was gonna be a serious wallet drain if you wanted anything of decent quality so I finally realized that if you haven't played this game from the beginning this games not for you and I Uninstaller it immediately which was sad cause it looked great and might be fun if it would tell you how to play it what a waste of a hell of alot of binary!
I truly hate that game!! The graphics and gameplay are amazing! The way you call for your star wars lookin bike is awesome ..but the game is confusing! No direction to where to go..what to do..what is the story!? The campaign story mode....its a messy confusing mess...so glad i bought it for $5...and im a hardcore gamer,im the kind of guy who learned how to play yugioh duelist of the rose without ever watchin yugioh lol but destiny 2 broke my patience when it came to its campaign and direction!
17:31 latest sesonal activity you need to infiltrate an installation and need to be kind of stealthy
So true...Im confused too
I’ve watched thousands of Destiny videos since D1 dropped and this one is by FAR the most accurate.
We are finally going to get that Destiny 2 review.
9:13 Gigitty
Gahd dam, your take on this Destiny 2's current status is spot on!  I was lost af when i came back and couldn't understand why I need to clean out my vault, or which currencies were good and which ones were useless...  and why TF are there no space fights!!!!
The game evolves with its player overtime, it’s you’re fault you stopped playing
Imma use that "I'm like a deer" analogy...
The ad for earbuds was better storytelling than most Destiny stories.
Watching this in 2023 8 years deep into this game waiting for reset in 4 minutes. Interesting to watch this lol
I wanna see other charecters in actman videos
Hasn’t played D2 yet is the vanilla campaign with no DLC fun to play or only end game?
Honestly coming back to Destiny 2, sounds like coming back to Warframe after a couple years
just got back into the game within the last few months after not playing since the second expansion. it was so extremely confusing at the beginning to navigate the menus and figuring out what the hell to do and how to power up. only after like 2-3 weeks of playing i finally understood what was going on, and now holy shit its so much fun, but the initial 30 hours is hell. the only reason i got through it was because i had 2 destiny pros playing with me. fun game, but god does the beginning experience suck ass. (also shit is so expensive to do the content, like wtf is that locking 2 dungeons behind a paywall, like i already payed for the damn expansion and 3 others)
By far the best review of Destiny 2.
My most simple way to guide new players is this; do the campaigns in order, then do the seasonal campaigns in order. Strikes, gambit and crucible are side activities, raids and dungeons are for leveling loot.
As a person who has only been playing Destiny the last two years, I find this POV to be very reductive and obtuse. The New light experience is a free to play feature, you get what you get. Everything else from the campaign to the raids,Dungeons,Strikes/Nightfalls are all truly rewarding and straight forward. The seasonal content, although it’s become pretty repetitive in how it’s delivered via a season specific vendor, every season comes with new objectives and activities to compete to achieve them. I’m sorry, but this isn’t a game you can play for three days and get to the core of its value. You’ve gotta put in more time than that.
Yes, the Art and Music teams are fucking amazing. The level dev team is either drunk, high, or both.
It’s a good game at its core, but the overall game is super repetitive. It could be better, but it’s just too stale.
How can you ask about moth people when in the background you are playing a DLC where the main antagonist is a big moth?
D2 is the only game where whenever I play it I simultaneously feel like I’ve achieved so much yet so little
I realize the game is free to play, but I'm a narrative driven kind of gamer. I play for the story as well as the gameplay. And the fact that Destiny 2 vaulted the first three year's worth of story so there's no coherent way to get a grasp of whatever narrative is supposed to be going on, makes it very hard to get invested in the current state of the game. The last I knew about the plot of Destiny, we'd killed Oryx, then dealt with Siva, then I jump into Destiny 2 and there's no explanation on where Nathan Fillion went or what's the current situation, just a Ghost saying to go do Vanguard Strikes for loot.  It's a fun looter shooter though, not planning on staying after I finish the last Achievements though.  14:29 Tell that to the loading times. And I don't mean to load planets, I mean the time it takes for the menu to load in so I can switch guns, or perks on a piece of armor, or grenade type. Trying to do any of that during a fight is almost guaranteed to get you killed. Meanwhile, The Division always made that quick and easy.
The destiny community continues to flourish.
Space battles?.. Even Warframe (a FREE game) has it, even if it wasn't great last time I played
Zavala selling me earbuds.  Now I've seen everything.
Yeah I returned to Destiny 2 with your exact experience but not caring about the story for 1 mission then actually caring and thinking wtf happened from the red war to witch queen.
I tried it a few months ago and I was so lost that I felt I had no choice but to immediately drop the game. I thought it was going to be cool it was way too harsh on a new player, there was no way I was going to be able to understand what to do, where to go, or what to be.
This is me. It’s complicated as fuck now, the game is too complex for me.
Quantum TV likes Destiny
This is me 4 days ago🤣
I guess I’m numb to it since I’ve been playing since launch of the first. There should be a better new player experience
most incredible ad read of all time
Thank you! My homie tried to get me back into it and I had no idea what to do or where to start so I gave up. Theres so many things with no good messages to help you
I’m a Fall out 76 player. I know that is my first problem. My son convinced me to play this game. I am having the same experience as you. I’m having a great time laughing at our experiences.
foreskin? i wanna see 🫢
I have a love/hate relationship with this game. The core gameplay is so fun but there so many little things that add up so fast. I started playing a few months ago for the first time. The new player experience is so bad unless you have someone to guide you through like I did.
It’s got really fun gunplay, has a lot of depth in the build crafting of your character, and I get to play with my son. It can get very intense when playing hard content, which is so satisfying to complete.
"I can not shoot , I can not loot tonight" lmao 😂 🤣
I hate regrinding for exotic weapons or any other weapon I hate it!!!!
The thing is with Destiny it's a good game but not a great game and I only really have time for those.  If it's only fun with friends which most games are then it really isn't that good pretty much all games are fun with friends only some games are geared towards being a coop experience. When I played Destiny 1 I thought it was gonna have shit like the scarab and space battles or a story but it just felt like a lackluster mmo which it is.  The loot is really cool though if only Halo, No mans sky and destiny combined together it would be the perfect game and I would play it for years
Couldn't stop laughing throughout this
Bungie should’ve just stayed a Halo dev imo, Destiny has been a shitty, shallow, overly-repetitive mess since day 1. Bungie will never in a million years recapture the magic they had with Halo, with Destiny lol
Gotta say this was one of the best ads I've ever seen. The voice had me baaaad hahaha
This is me too!!!!!! It’s been 4 years for me too!!! Hahaha yes!!!!!! What’s ur gamer tag bro???? I’m 33 now lmao I don’t even care I’m taking advantage of the now free game because I just got a ps5. Merry Christmas !!!
Haha ActMan one of your best videos yet thank you
Dude I love destiny with my entire soul but yes the new player experience is a 0/10
I gave a thumbs down, I thought you were to nice. D2 is absolutely garbage and the amount of money they’ve skimmed off their players the last 4 years for reskinning their game and making it a grind fest is incredibly wrong and embarrassing to see, not only as a original destiny pro activist but a average returning player standpoint. They clearly aren’t sitting at home saying *wow we worked soooo hard on this and it truly is incredible*
I think about getting back into destiny a lot but honestly I just can’t be assed with being so overwhelmed by how disorganised it is. I wish I’d played it from the start in some ways. I feel like I’d be a massive destiny player if I was a footballer or something, with lots of time to play, lots of money to spend and lots of friends available who could always jump on.
cool... can you revisit cyberpunk now
But what if i don't have any friends who are into destiny? :c
It’s not the wide array of enemies it’s the wide array of enemies you can shoot at
There is too much content but I am sad because I want more content XD... haha joking aside the Vaulting of content is when I stopped playing the game....TBH the game would feel better if they released a new game every 5 years that way I am not playing against people in PVP with guns that I can no longer get... ps the system lvl's all old weapons to the minimum cap each expansion and PVP auto balances weapons.....THROW AWAY NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have to be honest, I loved this video. Good job, as usual.
"And when the tutorial pops up, IT STAYS THERE UNTIL YOU DO WHAT IT SAYS WTFFD!!"
Review subnautica
Where R YEWWWWW
Hey Act Man, love your content. Just curious and I know this is a long shot, but what are the chances you play the darksiders games and do a review on them? Or Maybe just the first and second installments.
I need some Ikora feet pics
You know, almost every complaint you have in this video is being addressed in Lightfall which drops Feb 2023. It's almost like they watched your video.
I was thinking about coming back a while ago but I ain't buying an expansion and then buying that expansion's dungeons separately.
I tried playing about a year ago with the goal of getting the Vex Mythoclast and I got right at the light level for the raid and then they changed the season or some shit and undid all my progress by bumping the level back up. And that was when I was playing with a destiny player. I have no chance by myself sadly.
Welcome back. This is the one franchise I keep coming back to
6:24 Zavala gotta chill ☠️
As a day one destiny player this video explains exactly how I feel about the current state of the game 😂🤦🏾‍♂️
They just need to make a new game so everyone can start from the beginning
We've all dipped our toes into foreskin before
Destiny 2 is a fun, immersive, complex, underdeveloped, recycled shit fest! I'm gone after this last season. Enjoy your hamster wheels in Light Fall!
The subreddit for this game is so delusional, it's like the fallout 76 subreddit when the game first came out.  Just can't accept reality at all
The thumbnail sums up how I feel about playing this game
Oh man, really hope you and re-boxed Zavala will make a reappearance soon; this was great fun.
DAMN throwing Hades on the recommended but haven’t touched 💀😩 the game so fuckin good man, so fuckin good.
so are you going to review witch queen?
I have been playing since april of 2021, the main problem with destiny is the DCV/Recycling For those who don't know the DCV (Destiny Content Vault) is basically a vault of Destiny content that used to be in the game but was removed. There have been a few reasons for this, mainly due to how large it was and it was painful for devs to make bug fixes. The 2nd reason is storage space (This is a dumb reason for bungie as they can make content packs)  Here is a list of every removed piece of content in the game (NOTE: Everything except red war was extra paid content)  Red War (The base D2 Vanilla Campaign) Forsaken (THEY NEED TO BRING IT BACK, ONE OF THE GOD TIER EXPANSIONS OF D2)  And of course the smaller expansions: (Note: while i understand why the season passes are vaulted, the stories should not be, as it is very hard for a new player to pick up what is going on, the timeline tab doesn't do a great job at that)  Curse of Osiris (Wouldn't be sad if it didn't come back) Warmind Season of Forge, Drifter, and Opulence (GOD TIER SEASONS EXCEPT FOR DRIFTER, DRIFTER WAS MID) Season of Undying, Dawn, Worthy, and Arrival Season of Hunt, Chosen, Splicer, and Lost  Raids: Levithan, Eater of Worlds, Spire of Stars Scourge of the Past Crown of Sorrow  Now if they replaced the old content with better content that was fresh and original and good i wouldn't be as mad BUT I KID YOU NOT that the new content is either recycled from Vaulted D2 Content, or LITERALLY just taken from destiny 1  The Newest Season is the greatest example of this, most of the story missions are go to planets you've been going to for years and throw shit at a moving car, do a lost sector where the map is 100% not copy pasted from a vaulted planet, and then listen to boring dialog The only thing good about it was kings fall returning and thats because kings fall was already good in Destiny 1  They also suck at making the PvP section of the game good, for every 10 bad changes, theres 1 good change.    Content Droughts are so common in this game, usually in a game you just have fun when theres a content drought, but in destiny 2, i stg the only thing to do is to grind and get ready for when the game is fun again
Lightfall is my last hoorah for D2. It’s just boring and doing the same thing over and over and over. Grinding to max light and then having to do it all over again for no reason other to literally do the endgame stuff I was already doing. Bungie has just fallen off and settled for this type of game and I’m over it. Lightfall has peaked my interest but I already know how it’s going to play out because bungie is predicable.
Well Guess I’m returning for another round
Actually, solving a Rubik's cube blindfolded is easy you just need to learn the Blind method, it takes only a few hours.   There are actually competitions about solving a Rubik's cube blindfolded.
Do dark souls 2
You cam leav again games dead and boring lol and won't change any time soon
This game is so garbage, I play it every day
Just started and having a lot of fun need more people to play with tho waiting for Black Friday for the expansions cuz I might be getting addicted
I remember warmind
“You drive a hard bargain, 5 guns that’s my final offer.” That one line had me in tears
I hate destiny but love it too. Easily my favorite game of all time but I still hate it the most LMFAO
Sigh... I wish I could find the clip of the Warframe devs talking about video tutorials. The basics of it is that devs have found that making hand holding tutorials does not increase player retention at all. If people are interested they will figure it out or in todays age find the information. So that is a total BS thing people ask for when it amounts to nothing on the other end. That is a problem in gaming now though in that it is always gain for the dev and seldom the player. As a Destiny player, they have honestly made it more and more casual to the point that not being able to figure out what to do is sad.
Playing PVE with a glaive and vigilance wing equipped just invalidated your opinion on anything that has to do with destiny.
This is exactly what happened to me and some friends when we tried to play destiny 2. We were playing missions for hours and then we realised that none of us knew why we were killing all those enemies... we turned the game off and never played it again. I should go back to it some day, by myself
I've been playing destiny 2 and didn't remember seeing this video but I have to say I'm enjoying myself especially since I'm now the proud owner of three halo weapons in destiny
Me and my group of friends uninstalled halo. And installed destiny 2, we've had more fun with destiny 2 in a week than halo infinite all year.
as a die hard player you definitely got a lot of tings wrong but this was amazing again thanks actman!!!!!
I was big into D1 despite all its downfalls. I've always wanted to get hardcore into D2 because the gameplay loop for gear grinding, and the aesthetic and music of it has always been something I've loved. The thing that keeps me away from it is that as a returning player they make it incredibly unintuitive to catch up to the story of the current content, and I just don't have friends to play it with. I've tried playing it by myself and to be quite honest it's just not anywhere nearly as fun without friends. I honestly would put up with catching up on the cut content and (what appears to be) the annoying UI and overwhelming feeling of the currencies, and mechanics if I had a group of friends to play with.  edit: fixed a typo
If you’re not shooting you’re not having fun!
Really? Not one? That's not visually interesting. The bloom and particle BS is an eyesore even more off-putting than the requirement to study before playing.
Lol looks like quite a few youtubers can't stop coming back or falling into Destiny just I like I did in January '21. After I finished the short-ass base campaign they gave us for D2, Bungie ripped me off by asking me to pay again for the dlc's I know for a fact I preordered. I came back though after a 3 or 4 year hiatus bc I couldn't resist the nostalgia, and as of joining a clan last year I've befriended great people and had fantastic times hanging out with them. I wouldn't trade my online friends and this game for the world, man, even when it bores me at times. It's no perfect game by any measure and it can piss me off to no end, but what a hell of a game it is indeed, good and bad!
Who’s the guy doing the zavala impression during the gameplay bits?
Was looking forward to a review whenever I watched this, didn’t get much of that. Instead was met with a lot of goofiness and unnecessary cutaway gags.
One. Fucking. Guardian.
I think they could do without vaulting old content nowadays. And I wish I would have friends who would want to play D2 with me
Ok, I'm suggesting this video to EVERYONE who asks me if "it's a good idea to start playing Destiny now".
You know when 343 industries dropped the ball so hard that the Act Man returns to Destiny after many years of ridiculing it
Foreskin Gaming sounds surprising legit for a channel name. Just like Clean Prince Gaming
Destiny, great game if you know what you're doing and own all the content. Not so much if you are new. Bungie, please fix your new player experience.
😂😂 I just come back yesterday and this way to accurate 😥 it's been 4yr for me to...so lost
I also just recently returned to it, and I can agree with pretty much every point made. Took me a while to get used to how everything works now through lots of frustrating trial and error instead of the game telling me how things work, but once I got past all that, I've been having a blast. It's a "Jack of all Trades but Master of none" game. It does a lot of things well, and there's something for almost every kind of player, but it does none of it as well as a game more focused in those areas, which is just fine with me, the gunplay is some of the best out there, and as you said, that's all it has to be.
You really do look like screech from saved by the bell , but a bit more handsome
THE NUMBERS ACT MAN, WHAT DO THEY MEAN?
Light levels hardly matter, you don't really miss out on anything by boosting yourself up to max for the season.
as destiny 1 day 1 player and played destiny 2 from day 1 and finshd all dlcs i cant love destiny 2 because i will always remember how masterpiece destiny 1 was, in my opinion destiny type a game that didnt need a sequel they can add more dlc they  spend 10 years to make destiny 1 and the game literally just 4 years and then sequel !? . destiny 1 is masterpiece good dlcs goood tower goood osts goood  pvp gooood weapons thats why they bring old stuff they cant do what destiny 1 did maybe not the same team who did d1? or something changed idk but i know that destiny 1 will always be the best destiny always the original better like what happend with overwatch.
video starts at 5:15
Truth but missed some secret things I like about it
loved it....sucks now!
i wont lie, it was fun when xur abducted all of the new guardians and threw them into the gauntlet. All of the veterans got together and helped them get through it. I was so proud when I saw some of them catching on and figuring stuff out. I felt like a special agent dropping in to protect the group and leading the way
They made the shaders non consumable!? Now I wanna go back!!!
The jokes were absolutely funny 🤣🤣
The ad segment was pretty good 🤣
Solo shattered throne
God I wish that generic crap like destiny 2 can make me have fun. Alas after 30 years of gaming that is impossible now. I'm just happy there are indie games now!
You'll need to call Zanny.
"How many currencies can a game possibly need?" I encourage you to play Honkai Impact 3rd :D
Still better than halo infinite
I love the “START SHOOTINGGGG!!” part it gets me every time
14:47
Are you jewish?
HA! I just picked up with Destiny 2 and I thought I was the only one feeling lost with all these thins like weapons and missions and mods, and menus... and NO TUTORIAL!  Great video tho! and Zavala Jokes are on point
I think the biggest mistake Destiny 2 has is that you're just pathless after the first missions. Sure, with With Queen it sends you directly into the campaign but still after that you're clueless on what to do next. They should atleast do a info where they show you what planet has what camaign, like I didn't know wtf the dreaming city was before googleing that it is forsaken
Played 100 hrs of destiny 2 but the second they took the content I paid for away I bailed and never looked back
Destiny 2 is a great game but I can't recommend it to anyone
“So even though the _______ is pretty off-putting, I think I’ll come back.” This… this right here is the perfect review to give something that you left because it fumbled a while ago. This is what I would have loved to have said had EA actually overhauled a bunch of fixes for Anthem. It seemed like a good game, then you play it and it sucks, then there’s word a while later that it was going to get reworked which means it might be fun again.
So you didnt even know where to start, bur you went a joined a raid. Way to go
I like how every YouTuber went to vacation to Hawaii this year.
"Is that the sponsor of this video?"  Zavala: "Indeeeeeeeed~"
Came back to garbage huh
Wait until the next expansion. They’re putting A LOT into accessibility.
8:23 that's a REALLY good zavala impression, holy shit
Good level design will make this game unmatched
Honestly I played destiny 2 when it first came out; my friends were huge into it and talked it up like crazy. It was one of the lamest most unsatisfactory gaming experiences I’ve ever had. They always tell me it’s sooo good now blah blah blah. I played a little on my friends PC. It’s just the same boring shoot the same enemies over and over and over again game. Destiny is hot garbage; fight me.
The launch of Destiny 2 left me so disappointed that I don't think I can ever come back to the game.
3000h player here and a clan leader and I'm bored af of Destiny. After you've played raids, Trials (making flawless) and things like that the game sucks at keeping you moving. Just my 2 cents.
Its funny that act man mentions wishing they had added space battles to Destiny 2 by now. Warframe has space battles in their railjack mode.
Just started playing, since 2014 destiny 1
i just returned to the game like 2 years later i left it because i was confused now that im back ......still confused
okay sir sorry this comment is a month late but I just discovered your channel so take my sub!! but yo you should try out shatterline. if you're looking for a PvE fps experience shatterline has this cool roguelite PvE mode with great pvp modes to match. surprisingly well polished for a small developer in early access
I would like to get back into it, I just don't want to pay $500 just to have some more game play
Have you reviewed metro 2033 and last light
He should get a tutorial from datto
Dam bro 4 videos in a month money must be tight 🤣🤣🤣🤣
As a "new" sort of returning player (well I managed to play Osiris and then I stopped and the content got removed), I can wholeheartedly say: the new player experience sucks. No guidance whatsoever and you kind of have to figure it all out as you go; no real immersion in the world anymore as you don't know what's going on without watching a youtube video. They are really missing out on adding a planet / world where you are being told the entire story of Destiny, backgrounds of characters & lore while being introduced to major game and encounter mechanics without annoying "hints" at the bottom of your screen + get awarded with important mods like +10 resilience which I still haven't seen anywhere. Oh, and don't make us play through campaigns on alt characters...
I'm a destiny vet and god damn I loved hearing your wide eyed tales of getting back into the game, its heart warming and damn I miss that "oh shit what's all this" feeling.
Looking for friends to play destiny 2
This perfectly sums up how I felt when I came back, super confused at first. Overwhelming, but once I figured it out. Fun as all hell
Wanna know how many currencies one game needs? Play Warframe. Holy shit it's bad.
Destiny 2 is awesome besides the new light intro that sucks
Destiny has an insane amount of potential but it can be depressingly uncommon to see it fully realized.  At least, outside of environment, music, and lore.
Guy who moans about lack of live service on Halo now moans about having to catch up with 4 years of live service on a game that actually gives content to its players
I left destiny 2 pre pandemic because it was so convoluted and it doesn't seem like that's changed, but it does still look very fun in many ways. It's just not accessible in the slightest. Great freaking video!
As a D1 vet I have never heard a more accurate Zavala impression!
I just have one titan that I use. I have no will to even try to start a new class with how convoluted it is.
Destiny used to be pretty straightforward but now even though i liked the witch queen campaign, the game is too complicated for people that are new. Having to play through or watch years of content just to understand where you are now is really confusing. Its taken a deep mmorpg dive and its hard to play because you just dont understand all the little things that make big differences
I feel like destiny has just atrophied thanks to the fact that they wont make destiny 3
This is probably your funniest video to date. I went back and rewatched the Zevala skits multiple times lmao
This is how I feel with path of exile
*sponsor ad* "And now for something completely different." *video ad*
$200+ bucks is a bit too pricey for me to return to destiny. Loved it since D1 but stopped playing several expansions back. Cannot justify the cost of getting back into it
Don't you know it's the most expensive video game ever made???  ( Cough cough  most of that money went to advertising)
The Destiny music always brings it’s A game.
No one puts ZuZu in a box.
I just picked up D2 on sale about 2 months ago and been having a blast.
Destiny 2 is better than Halo infinite... Weird
Recently got back into it with my GF, we played 1 on release and flawlessed trials together we played so much. Stopped playing 2 a while ago due to other things.   Not too bad getting back in, story I was out of the loop on. The timeline explains a few things but I missed the queen returning and crow as a Guardian plus a lot of the season and their story. It is fun tho however, we're enjoying it
Couldn't have picked a worse time for it, this season of D2 has been absolutely abysmal
8:03 looks like fortnite characters from og days -_-
Do pay day 2
Foreskin gaming 😂😂😂
Your Zavala impersonation was spot-on!
That Ray William Johnson transition gave me a fucking heart attack
I didn’t get anything from this video. Your work is bad
The tutorials are hidden in a new campaing
I used to play destiny religiously, but eventually it took too much time to maintain. Every time I tried to come back since I felt exactly the same, there's just too much going on without any explanations
LOL i tried going back also and u have to watch a video on where to start lol...............
The gameplay and art is amazing! I just have no idea what I’m supposed to do to when I open the menu… 😂
very good lance riddick impression, nothing beats the battlefront 2 troopers impression, but i always enjoy them!!
Honestly I went to play it for the first time a couple months back, and I couldn't get into it, I seriously had no clue. Also it's crazy if I wanted to get into it I'd of likely needed someone to hold my hand to get into it. Ridiculous
I'm not buying this game because Bungie has removed content that you paid for from the game and I have never forgiven them for that
We have a problem there’s a bot pretending to be you act man, talking about some sort of giveaway that you were doing
Ikora feet pics? Ehhh I dunno....  "Shaxx has some Mara feet pics in there and Cayde-6 left some Petra feet pics in there as well"  Let's fuckin goooooooooo!
Bright Engrams still exist lol
20:12 the Imperium of Man thought process
Play dwstiny
In my game I’m mostly the type of player that does a lot of damage, but is extremely careful,Because I can’t take a lot of damage
Love the vavazulu jokes
I’ve been playin since Destiny 1 and everything he is saying is 100% facts. Hopefully, this new project they’re working on will pay off
Sometimes it feels Act man is talking about warframe, for example: "It feels like you need a qualified expert or the destiny wiki opened at all times"  . . . Yeah...
What I got from this video was that the game sucks but the people are cool. You don't want to play the game you just wanna hang out with the homies.
This is spot on. I'm coming back to something familiar but there are so many numbers and menus. Playing with friends and shooting stuff is always cool. Bring it back to basics.
did they add moth people yet….    I mean…savasus
His confusion of where to start is exactly how I felt
First video I've seen from you.... and now I shall always Zavala in my fireteam lol "Gauuurdian. your not shootiiinng1" lol love it. great video!
game is bullshit , if u want to play the OP subclass u have to pay fk bungooo
when I showed my friend this video he thought you have such a Nose you can and Steve Carell can be in a Nose Movie.
75% of the cons u could fix with a friend that does know the game
Once it’s got it’s hooks in you, you might manage to step away for a time, but it will always reel you back in.
Honestly, the worst time to be a new/returning player, shitty new light experience, hours of grinding for power level, caps on powerful drops, little to no explanation to the new mechanics (armor, mods, weapons etc.) and the community is still pretty much exactly the same, 90% pure shit
Ya the new light experience is awful. But it's pretty fun to blow stuff up with ghallerhorn
Play stalker
I’m in, just for the foreskin jokes and Zavala impression.
D2 has sucked ever since they started "vaulting" content you paid for... Anybody who defends the vaulting of content here is an idea for you, I'll sell you a PS5 but you have to give it back to me next year and you get no money back.
Dude this was literally me 2 months ago
play titanfall 2 instead
acting male, i think you might just be a little bit dumb
I’m in exactly the same boat. Just started back into Destiny 2 after being gone since Forsaken (and with Forsaken I already had to catch up with base game, curse, and warning as fuck the game in its original state). And I get in behind because it’s been years, but like any directions on how to proceed along with all the references to stuff that I can no longer experience also sucks. Nice to start off doing something familiar I suppose with the cosmodrome, but there’s a shit ton thrown out at you.
I returned after 4 years as well, such a huge contrast between what was, and what is.
Damn what a coincidence, I returned recently too but my hiatus was 3 years.  I loved the video and the Zavala knock off imitation had me in tears.
“I shoot, therefore I am” Words to live by in Destiny
Destiny 2 is a kind of game that makes one go "Why can't a quit you!?"
Gunplay and Art Direction are about the only 2 good things about D2. Everything else literally sucks hairy arse crack.
Yeah tbh most people are upset about the vaulted content. Why not just put it in the legacy tab
Zavala impression was spot on 👌😂😂😂
Wow, the sponsorship was so good that Vanced didn't even recognize it as one to skip. Well done, I actually enjoyed that segment. Your Zavala cracks me up 👏
Yo isn't the main witch in witch queen  a moth lol
Love how I took a half yeahr break from the game just to have half the game missing once I came back and instead get spammed by 25 new crafting materials and currencys
I appreciate the sheer commitment.
I kind of feel like if you're broke like me and can't spend money on it, it's a super demo of the game. Now, the negatives of that are obvious but what i can say is at least they're honest about it in how they present the stuff you have to pay for. They're basically telling me that hey I'm glad you're having fun but if you spend a little money you'll be having way more fun.  If more free to play models were similiar to this then free to play games wouldn't seem so shady.  I'm looking at you diablo immortal
"I Shoot, therefore i am" that fucking killed me 🤣
I haven't really played since it went Free to Play. Because I wasn't addicted to power levels and taking my time, I was suddenly at square 1, and all the guns and armor I carefully masterworked because I like them are shit now, on top of finding the new darkness thing to be pretty fucking convoluted. I don't think I'm coming back, despite buying the game and its expansions up until Witch Queen.
I waited a long time to watch this video and I was not disappointed 😂 Loved the Zavala character throughout. Had me 💀💀💀
Guadian I've Overdosed on Ketamine and Going to die. Make sure you keep on shoootttting and spending monnneeyyy
Being a newcomer has been... interesting. I have no idea what I'm supposed to do with Armor tbh.
I spent my first 3 hours of returning to Destiny 2 just figuring out how to start a campaign. . . that isn't already behind the vault.
Only issue I have with Destiny 2. The big fucking price tags attached to the DLC, instead of making them resonably price they make them the cost of the full game at RELEASE, and that ladies and gentlemen is why Destiny 2 is SO MEDIOCRE.
"Destiny is not a game, it's a job." - Funke
I tried to play destiny 2 that came with my ps4 bundle. I don’t get it. I was stuck in the same level in an endless loop. Other players were coming and going, they were probably stuck too. I know I am dumb, because I didn’t even attempted to RTFM, but if I am not able to just pick up a game and play it, I’m done with it. What amazes me is the obvious Halo graphics and feel, which I’m a big fan of, meant nothing in the shadow of how overwhelming shit the actual game was.
4 years later, you are the victim to F.O.M.O.  Fear Of Missing Out  I do *not* envy you. To sludge your way past content after content after content. You miss a season or a DLC and you have no idea what to do first.
Your frustration at the "new user experience" was pretty funny, and on that note, I'd like you to play Path of Exile a wee bit for the next video. Ahaha.
I just recently came back to the game after not playing since forsaken and managed to rope a couple of my buddies in. It’s been hard for me to readjust to all the new changes after being away for so long but my friends aren’t really having a good time which has really bummed me out. I don’t need or want the game to hold my hand to tell me exactly what I should do but if you’re picking this game up for the first time it’s incredibly overwhelming. Outside of a very short intro quest chain, if you don’t have any paid content it’s hard to know what to do next. You have the weekly activities to earn some better gear which is enough for me to come back because I enjoy the power climb but if you’re not into that there’s really not much else to do. The raids are there and I appreciate that they’ve added free ones but if you’re new to the game you’re most likely not gonna have anyone to play with and LFG’s are a mixed bag. One of the main reasons we started playing was to do the vault of glass but we didn’t have enough people already and now I doubt we’ll even get to it. Damn shame.
Is it easy to hop in and talk to randoms in multiplayer on Xbox? I just got a new console (coming from PS4) and looking to play with a few peeps.
i came back to this game too only because the PAYED DLC’S you NEED IN ORDER TO PLAY THE GAME finally aren’t $60 each they’re all grouped together in one pack now AND it’s on sale for $30 so hell tf fuck yeah we back on it babyyyyy the patience was worth jt
FPS games in 2007: Rich story, purposeful missions, shoot and reload, you get glory, the money, and the babe.  FPS games in 2022: Just shoot and reload......that's it.
More Destiny!!! I came here because of the raid you did with Sir D! It was funny as hell! New sub too 👍🏻
The sheer stupidity is to much
I do gotta agree that the new user experience is pretty bad
The thing that absolutely killed this game for me is the vaulting content issue.  I played the game when it came out and even bought the first two DLCs, but for one reason or another I put it down for a few years until some of my friends discovered the game and wanted to try it out.  I reinstalled it only to find that 90% of the game I paid actual money for is stashed away somewhere, replaced by yet more DLC I would have to buy if I wanted to play again.  If I had known everything I was buying back in the day had an expiration date on it, I absolutely never would have bothered with it.
13:06 Yes
yeah, if you miss time on Destiny there’s always gonna be a lot to catch up on. It’s a hardcore game, they are catering to new players more recently though
BattleBlock Theater Zavala
I'm SirD fan. I haven't heard you before. 4 years is aging 👨‍🦳 like fruit fly.
Where have you been? by Rihanna
Call Datto.
You’ll love dead space
This reminded me of Death Garden. Nearly infinite potential, whirl-pooled into a dead game from a loss of direction and identity. Sucks because i really liked the game too.
This video was a nice reminder of why I originally quit Destiny after watching one of Act Man's previous videos on D2. I hadn't come back since, and I'm glad I haven't :)
Wait they removed it does that mean all the gear/weps I got from farming protocol got deleted? Ie the ikelos shotgun?
The new light process is actually terrible it sucks because under all that complicated navigation the game is amazing. It’s sad not everyone has the patience to get past all that ba
Gotta play witch queen on legendary. Otherwise you're absolutely right about the terrible introduction modern Destiny 2 has to new players and while they're addressing it going forwards expect minor increments Cuz, they gotta keep moving ahead for those who kept playing for the last 7 years and are tired of restarts for the sake of bringing people back in
“Savathussy.”
Sad state of many western AAA multiplayer games 7:30 they are like mobile games now.
Day 1 of asking for ultrakill review
Best destiny has ever been is right now.
Im not a new light but i get it, if you take a season or two break from the game its kinda hard getting back into the game.
I have an addiction to this game like junkies do to heroin. I refuse to get help and I will give this game all of my free time until I see how the light and darkness saga ends
As a Destiny veteran, I wholeheartedly agree with your assessment that the game is really hostile to new players. I'd say that the flip side of that is that people like me are really eager to help and guide newcomers ease into the game, that's how I got a few of my friends hooked on it.
Bruh in Grasp of Avarice the sparrow music is so good 😭
Gears of war PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Zaddy Zavala jokes were hilarious 😂
Elden Ring makes Destiny 2 look small. Elden Ring's side content and size is watered down due to how bland it is with the hundreds of bosses, and is a slog to get through. Destiny 2, this is huge open worlds done somewhat right and better, it's not confusing and you won't be running into the same boss 30 times for exploring, unless you count those thicc yellow bar enemies bosses.
3:08 Zavala has the Millennium Puzzle. You've activated my Trap Card Guardian. IKORA'S FEET
This is literally what I've been doing the past week. I'm gonna get lightfall and try to beat all that content.
Damn. Very good review. Was expecting you to just shit on it but very balanced review.
Yeah I've been out of the game since new light
I was a huge destiny 1 fan and played destiny 2 for probably 150-200 hours back around launch but got tired of it.    Anyways when they announced the newest big expansion and had all the expansions free to play for like a week about a month ago I had a FPS itch i needed to scratch so I downloaded it.  God damn.... I forgot how much fun the game is.  The gunplay is just so damn good.    However I was so completely lost and without looking up guides online or YouTube I couldn't figure what to do.   I was so quickly overwhelmed.  I stopped playing again.   I'm really torn though because I had so much fun jumping back in and participating in a public event but also felt so underpowered that I was turned off.  If I could get some of my friends to play again like the old days I'd for sure play but without friends to play with its just too much
BRUHH YOU KNOW YOU CAN START FROM DESTINY ONE !!! RIGHT!!! LOL FOR NEW PLAYERS YOU CAN LITERLY START FROM D1 AND NOT HAVE EVERYTHING IN BETWINE BUT AT LEAST THEY DID THAT FOR NEW PLAYERS BECAUSE YOU KNOW FREETOPLAY WAS GOING TO PULL SOME NEW PEOPLE IN SO THATS ALSO WHY THEY ADD THE COSMODROME ANYWAY THERE IS A MISSION PAGE IN THE DIRECTOR AND YOU CAN FOLLOW THREE AT A TIME!! SOOO YEAH ITS NOT THAT HARD BUD, I HAVE STOPPED DESTINY FOR LARGE AMOUNTS OF TIME TOO BUT NEVER WAS THAT LOST WHEN I CAME BACK, MAYBE ITS JUST YOU, LOL
BRUHHH YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED IN FUCKING YEARS!!! , ..... YEAHH U ARE GOING TO HAVE TO LOOK UP SOME SHIT!! AND WATCH SOME FUCKING TRAILERS!!!! ... DUHHH!!! ....  THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DON'T PLAY IN FOUR!! FUCKING YEARS!!!! 😑🤨😮‍💨🙄😩😣
I never knew how badly I needed Zavala singing "Miss You" in my life. Thank you, Act Man. Thank you.
Have I seen the vagina probably not because I am too busy being blindsided by the sponsors of this video, come on dude we’re just trying to watch the video
The videos are cool, but then it turns really stupid with the ad or whoever is paying for you to make this video, oh, is this is the videos promotion let me act like I’m oblivious
Bruh I’m lost asf too. Haven’t played since 2016 😅
Destiny 2 praised for it's glorious art design but Warlock armour still looks like shite :((
6:08 "Guardian I am morbidly obese"   That impression was so good lmao
Smooth Segway into your ad..
THIS GAME SUCKS BRAIN DEAD A.I. KILLING UPON KILLING F DAT IM NOT KILLING TRILLIANS OF VEX AND OTHER DESTINY BULL SHIT I BOUT THE SEASON PASS AND ATILL AINT PLAYING
Ah yes this terrible game
i love that😍
Destiny having no glitches.... LMAO PLAY DUNGEONS
the armor you showed can be leveled up tho lmao
Oh my god I loaded up Destiny for the first time since Osiris and this video is 100% accurate to my experienece.
I seriously think you’d enjoy destiny more on PC than a stinky console
UPGRADE MODULES TO LEVEL UP ARMOR
Yeaaaaah I think I liked destiny 1 a lot more
You can reclaim your old exotic armor through the collections part of the UI, it will be able to put mods on it and lvl it up then.
In italy the witch queen dlc is called: “la regina dei sussurri” it translates to: the queen of whispers!
Great video!
The doll talked for about 20 minutes too long
at least not endless sequels horseplay see also CoD
Returning players and new players are not meant for the game, you have miss out on alot of content and are in the middle of a story you have no clue on what is happening. I have never heard of removing content from a game and there is a reason for that. Destiny 1 is at least 5 times better then the destiny 2 experience, and its not nostalgia, there was so much about the game that was monumental for the story like crota, the taken king and the raids were so fun and re-playable. Even after collecting every loot from the raids we all wanted to run it to 4am. I wish i could like d2 but they are killing it for new/ returning. At least people like it and that's all that matters.
There's a lot of fun content,it just shouldn't be locked behind a paywall
8:04 "Kitsune" is pronounced "Kit-su-ne". Thank you, carry on :3
I can definitely see what you mean about not knowing what to do, I had that problem at first too, but I'm so glad I stuck with it. It's really rewarding to play in my opinion, and I always go back to it regularly. The lack of tutorials are not ideal, but the fan-made content on YouTube makes it much easier to understand, and when you do the extra depth beyond just shooting bad guys is the special sauce that makes it unique compared to other games. The endgame content in particular such as raids and dungeons are easily the best part of the game for me due to their complex mechanics, unique loot, and teamplay. I love doing raids multiple times because they're fun even on repeat playthroughs and you're getting different loot each time.  Stay away from PvP though, that stuff will give you mega-aids.
A huge thing to keep in mind storage was the SIDE reason to vaulting the main was how old and terrible the engine was especially since Activision said to use the old engine, now Bungie's kinda stuck using one of the oldest engines in history that apparently was so bad that moving a pillar could take a full day which probably explains why instead of moving an object just slightly they just slap a new one on the hole because it probably takes the same amount of time and doesn't have the chance of a new hole appearing. I mean just recently they updated the engine enough that it could handle Lightfall and Final shape
funniest destiny/zavala meme I've heard in a long time. I lol'd a LOT. thank you
I liked that you used Ray william Johnsons transition animation🤣
I had a tough time as well. I came back after leaving early after release (red war or whatever). I had to go expansion by expansion to get a semblance of the story which is very important to me. Still I am left feeling I have no idea about so much, but the gameplay is fun.
For someone who hasn't played in a long time coming into the current state, he was very optimistic. Most people wouldn't make it past 10 minutes.
Future Zavala features would be hilarious!
Honestly a way for bungie to "fix", and what I mean by fix is make it manageable for new players, is make the introduction and explanation to the game have a smaller avenue at first.  Start new light off at the beginning of every 'major' expansion, Witch Queen / Lightfall, with a cut scene of this new guardian being introduced to the tower by, for example Zavala or another character.  Have the cut scene quickly go over the major events that have happened over the past years without going too in-depth, therefore catching them up and focusing them on the new danger of the current expansion.  Make the new light feel like a part of the guardians rather than just a 'new player' that just got thrown into a mess.  Have an introductory video when clicking on activities for the first time like Strikes and Crucible, explaining briefly what they are and what effect they have on the game.  Having an option like "beta guided games for raids" be an option of guided introduction to the main game so they can be matched with another player that has experience with the game to explain things if they'd like.  Closing the gap between skilled and experienced players and "blueberry's" that don't know what is going on is crucial for the longevity of the game in my opinion.
10:53 I'll take the 200GB game with my 10TB availability.  I paid for the content I want all of it.  I understand it can cause "bugging issues" but man would it be fun going back to Venus or replaying the Red War campaign even though I played through it like 8 times.
Admittedly the new user experience is pretty bad, we never have debuffs explained to us though, they just get tossed at us and we figure them out or die a few times trying
great game to play with friends
So I bought destiny 2 game disc when it came out, did a lot of PvP, beat the story.. then just quit one day. I always was a big destiny fan but all of my friends quit. About 2 months ago I tried to get back in it because I was looking for a fun coop game and destiny came to mind. More so, it was free now and my new friend didnt really have many money. I picked up the gifts from the thunderlord and then i had no idea what to do. It says free but there is nothing to do other than the cruicible. My friend started the "main campaign" but it was much more boring than i remembered it. He even said so himself. He was also incredibly lost, as I was as well. It confused me as to why I was the same light level as a newbie despite having a ton of exotics and good gear. I had to reunlock my sub classes and everything.  I almost felt like the hundreds of hours i previously put in was for waste. Perhaps the only way to have fun is to play the new expansion but I was hoping Bungie atleast sold me on actually wanting to buy it. I ended up just quitting again and moving onto another game, a free one on the xbox game pass. Its a shame too because it looks so good but for one, I dont have any friends to play with who have the expansion and two, my recent experience was just meh at best. Perhaps one day ill try again, maybe even force myself to buy the expansion and see what its all about but until then, im gunna go do something else.
I have thought about picking up and playing Destiny 2 and for me its sort of the curse of games like this. "Live Service" games really. When you don't go through and play them at least within the first year it becomes a daunting task to actually pick it up and play it after that. You know you have missed events and content are really behind in so many ways such that I just don't do it. I played a lot of Destiny 1 but that was less of a live service game than 2 is. Maybe if 3 ever comes out ill return 😒, years later, 2 as a live service is probably just never going to happen for me.
And it still sucks
we used to have a working textchat ingame. where i would scout out noobs on Titan.. this game does not explain anything, youll either drown in the deep or rise from it.
Hold up.....Krillin died!?!?
How do you feel about lightfall
I play destiny 2 every day, and I hate it
I haven't played D2 in a few years, every time I check in and see how things are going I'm less inclined to play again than I was the last time I checked...
Weed.
Destiny 2 has died for me. All my friends are super hard core, most activities/events require huge amounts of time to do, I don't play enough to care about getting another fucking purple, I don't care about most exotics as cool as they are they are either to much of a pain to get or I already like what I have. The battle pass is no fun for me because to complete it you have to do huge amounts of grind every week to finish or play none stop if you wait. Staying up at max level light is impossible unless you play everyday from day one. I don't mind there stuff to do. I hate how much bullshit you have to do. Strikes Crucible Gambit Nightfall, low level at least or way for hours to find a fire time who will let you join. Bounties Side missions Whatever seasonal event Iron banner if it's available. Random exotics mission, usually solo. Destiny just take to much time to do anything to the point were if I stop playing for a week I'm 20 light behind and can't do Raids or GM. I also don't have every exotic perfect setup and most players only want you to join if you do. Fuck me for using something I enjoy using thay does 9,000 dps instead of the meta which does 9,200 dps.. ooo. No thanks. I want things to do. Not require my every hour Not to mention every expansion is 40$-60$
Man I loved destiny 1
Been playing on and off for about 3 years. I feel like only recently I've become familiar with most of the mechanics. Usually I pick a quest and mark it. Go get some bounties from the tower and the world where the mission is. Go do the mission. Dismantle like 95% of the gear from the mission cause it's crap. Repeat. Fully upgrading gear in this game is possibly the grindiest thing ever.
I could've sworn i was subscribed guess not I'm back my friend
I did the exact same thing recently
Destiny Two: Spectacularly Mediocre.
Nobody wants a game that’s 200gb? Did CoD get that memo…?  Also what you called a “mission” running back through area then back to Ikora was more a quest step not a campaign mission. There’s 8 WQ campaign mission and they are all pretty well done, nothing pointless like that.
Wait, this sounds like a git gud situation….or more likely a get informed situation…..hahaha….but seriously, that happened to me too, and I am so sorry, because the game looks fun, but it is difficult to know what to do, maybe not like Warframe or Path of Exile, but it’s like they are trying to get there.
Those 10 years are almost over, please make a new game 😅
If Zavala says we use raycons, then we use raycons!!!
Can you review Candy Crush?
So in related news, I need friends to play destiny with
I already knew in the first 2 minutes that he was in for a wild ride in D2 after he said he wanted his time spent in a video game to be meaningful. For some reason, I can’t shake myself away from the game. I guess I’m addicted to the stinky cheeks of the gaming industry.
Destiny 2 has the worst armor design ever. I miss D1 armor design
destiny 2 is a good game but there's 2 reasons why I quit playing it one is because the online community for destiny 2 was toxic as hell and most of the people on there won't play with you unless you know how to do everything in the game my second reason is because that game is pay to win
16:00 mans never knew dungeons exist oof.
I’ve been thinking of playing for years, but I just can’t get over the mmo/looter aspects of it. I really wish there was a redux version or something where all the main missions and story points are featured and the grind and nightmare UI elements were taken out
I only play destiny 1 back in the day on the Xbox 360 I think it was and I was ranked in the top 11% of trials of Osiris.
Destiny 2 is the best and biggest fps currently running. The new light experience is fucking horrendous though.
What I love the most about this game is the community. If you are ever stuck on anything atleast on Xbox you can make an lfg post and someone will always respond within 5 minutes and answer the questions you have and be very supportive to you. Also bungo is taking a big step to making their very own lfg system in the game it’s self for the next expansion which will help new light players even more. They are also changing the new light experience in the next expansion by making ranks and teaching you how everything works before you are thrown into the game which will dramatically increase the new light experience and I hope it brings growth to the game. :)
Bungie definitely redeemed themselves the story and characters have gotten so much better
Bro u r so right. Glad ur so truthful
Legendary is difficult when you're alone. The basic missions aren't bad, but the missions with actual bosses at the end are so fucking hard when you solo it
You can't over level in destiny it has no effect so the chest in the helm just helps you catch up so you can go straight into the new stuff quicker if you took a few season or years off
I will say that the New Light experience needs work. Especially for returning by players. Bungie needs something to catch new players up on the lore that was missed from Forsaken, and everything before that. Until then, I recommend watching Byf’s “The complete story of Destiny” video. Great way for new players to get caught up and learn about the universe with excellent narration.
Crazy how Diablo, borderlands, and the division exist for reference, yet bungie can’t figure out the basics of what makes these loot hoard type games fun or engaging.
Loved this game for many years but eventually the burn out hit and watching this video reminds me why I won't come back
This dude is the hipster version of Peter Griffin, love the vids man keep it up
So...playing games is hard.  And now we know...
I recently got into destiny and after literally watching Fallout plays ENTIRE 4 HOUR video did I get a grasp of what I was supposed to be doing. That being said, now that I understand the game, I’m freaking excited and am gonna grind like no one’s business.
I actually had fun not worth the waste of money but I'm really hoping lightfall will save it (it wont)
As a returning player, you navigate Destiny as if you've never played a modern game before and that's all I'm going to say lol
Fuck, this is great. Im a returning player as well. What a mess of a game to get back into. It has its moments though. You can play it as shallow or deep as youd like.
Streamlabs works pretty ok with d2
Hahahahaha holy shit the sponsor segment was brilliant.
I can't justify playing this game again and giving Bungie more of my money after they deleted the last few expansions I bought.
Ya if u haven’t played destiny in a few years coming back to it now is honestly one big slap in the face lol
Act man huh.....more like can't make though am I right
"I kinda hoped they would've added Space Battles by now, but that would probably be another 50GB"  Looks at WarFrame that added it for free without adding any more needed storage
Took you long enough. And unlike you and a lot of others when d2 launched I stuck with it like d1 and it's blossomed into this wonderful game with some issues but once those issues get ironed out it could be one of bungies best games and until then I'll enjoy destiny for what it is now as I've met so many friends through this game that I never would have
if you watch the act man back then you knew this was the punching bag of the channel
Jerky boys- sal Rosenberg
If they unvaulted the old content I would get into the game
Need more d2 vids
For those who don’t know or are wondering they stated that they won’t be sunsetting expansions anymore
You forgot to mention the pay to play/pay to win aspect of the game, tiny detail you might have overlooked im sure of that Oh you play on PS? did you remember to pay your yearly PS plus subscription to plat this "free to play" game? no? then all good just go and grind for 100+ hours to get to the endgame.. or just y'know no life the game till you hit 120 on the season pass
All these looter games have the exact same loop, where it's kinda neat but then you start to realise that it's truly a meaningless repetitive grind. The exact same sensation happens in Borderlands, where it's a lot of fun until you hit this moment of clarity.   Although certain personalities seem to just persist and remain frustrated while endlessly grinding.
one problem Bungie does NOT have...creating actual content🤣 here take your content!! 343i shame on you...you are pathetic.
Where is the tutorial? *Tutorial pops up on screen* GET THAT OFF MY SCREEN!!!
Its to confusing to come back. Time for destiny 3. And I can't get 6 players for a raid.
to record D2 in obs, set it to windowed mode, get it in obs, then you can switch back to Fullscreen. Mind you alt-tabing can be catastrophic tho.
I appreciate this video lol
I'm getting pretty close to 900k career kills now
Yeah, I also stopped playing right before Forsaken. The grind was just not worth it in my opinion, but I've recently returned to it again... to find that most of my non-exotic gear is marked "Legacy"
My problem with Destiny was always that I tried to play it solo. I just didn't have any friends that wanted to play regularly so I never got that much out of it. It's a shame because the gunplay and visual design are among the best in video games. And now it's way too complicated to ever go back to it.
3:01 dude that =3 cool transition caught me off guard.
Destiny 2 is a hate and love relationship
This is a game meant to play with friends, and it is REALLY fun and easy to play for hours when you're with them. But playing solo is pretty boring. 9/10 co-op game 5/10 solo experience
Jesus man, don’t give Blizzard any ideas!!
I loved destiny and I think the reason I didn't stay with it is because I never had any friends that played it and ended up with different random people to go do raids.
Free to play?
i think we all know MW2 is gonna suck ass
Dude I feel this I haven’t played since forsaken and I tried to get back into the game but I had zero clue what to do or what was going on or where to start doing what
I love Destiny, I've played it for several years now and keep coming back every season. My problem is that my favorite activites are the "endgame" Grandmaster Nightfalls. In order to do this, you need to either spend all your free time on the game playing old missions over and over to earn the pinnacle drops to level your gear up, or just do a mindless monotonous grind killing endless mobs to get your seasonal artifact power boost high enough to hit the minimum level to play the GM's.  I'm sure I would also love all the raids as well, but I'm lucky to have 1 or 2 friends playing the game, I have basically zero chance of getting a group of 6 to even attempt that stuff. The last time I tried to do a random discord LFG raid group it took about 90 minutes to even get a full group together, then some idiot in the group kept bricking whatever mechanic we were trying to complete over and over until I finally called it quits after almost 3 1/2 hours. When you have a limited amount of time to play, and you're solo, you basically have zero chance.  The Destiny 2 playerbase is either people who play the game 40 hours a week, get every raid/dungeon completion weekly on all 3 characters and have an ungodly power level... or the casual player who is level 10 on the season pass and has no way to actually access a lot of the best content. The last few times I've tried to play the game, I've logged on... took one look at the planetary map with 29 choices on which mission to play, and just quit right back out. It's so strange to love a game so much but yet have no desire to actually play it when you want to.
my comment will probably be buried but the armor and weapons in the helm are supposed to make you "Raid ready". Because of Kings Fall's release bungie wanted to give everyone the chance to play the raid asap
👁👄👁 I returned for the first time in about 2.. i still have NO idea wtf im doing..
there are moth people... savathun
Its a very rare talent being able to make watching sponsored segments enjoyable.  great job
Let's be honest, the new player experience is shit and I can say that most the guys that I play with, they will agree. But after that it's a great game and I play to much of it
When I can play the original campaign I'll play it
not play it   and ever one can not give a good info on how it is so i pass on it  and am sure not a solo game
greatest thing i ever did was stop playing this money pit
I’ve invested so much time in destiny from the beta until now. Yes the game has changed and also stayed the same. It’s more user friendly now  than ever before… but  good lord get rid of this seasonal drip feed crap. New enemies please? Better story please. And where is our all black shader..  I could go on  and  on about the pro’s ( out weighed by the con’s) con’s. Destiny does the bare minimum for the game, it will never change. But, I’m going to see it to the end.
6:37 *Pause* LITERALLY a battle rifle reskin 😑🫥😂😂
The game really just needs a good intro for new players. Kinda like the red war campaign, how it would introduce everyone to what’s happening and how to play.
I hate that you have to be a certain power level to start grandmaster nightfalls. It’s way too long to reach
You should do a video on warframe
Jason Jones must be proud of this crap.
This video was both entertaining and interesting, and I've never touched Destiny 2. Others have said it before, but I'll happily say it again. The consistency of quality content you put out is remarkable, Mr. Acting Male.
Try some Classic Borderlands 2
Lmaooo, this is exactly why I hate what Destiny has become. Bungie sold out… BIG TIME. They rewrote the “story” after kicking out Joe Staten, they screwed over Marty, and have just cranked out tons of mindless content. None of it matters or is compelling enough to make me invest time in this piece of sh*t. The only thing that’s great about the game is how the shooting feels. But that’s not enough
When can we pre install
Fun with friends does not equal fun game
I’ve been consistently playing the Destiny franchise since early 2015 with no breaks and god I love the game I don’t think I’ll ever be able to put it down
I was just thinking about playing destiny 2 for ps5 since there’s an upgrade.
"im overwhelmed"  i will never understand this sentiment when it comes to video games. People have such a weird habit of creating their own problems, as a new player why are you concerned with anything aside from just playing the videogame? Dudes boot up destiny and want to be mega optimal and understand every system in the game day one so then when they cant they drop the game and somehow thats Destinys fault?  This guy literally had the banner in the bottom of his screen telling him what to do and he just sit there "hOw Do i gEt RiD oF tHiS" like lmfao i cant make this up. This industry and the way it holds the players hand in everything has devolved us so much from where we were at the beginning of gamings rise in popularity.  At this point Bungie is damned if they and damned if they dont, if they keep expanding their game and fleshing out all its intricate systems to keep the committed playerbase happy, now the dude who plays 2 weeks out of the year is "overwhelmed".  Just play the video game man ffs its not that deep.
The halo 3 hum lolol 🤣🤣
Weeeellll, Savathun is technically a moth
why though… it’s literally just as trash as it was 4 years ago 😂😂
Trust me bro playing dead space is worthwhile and meaningful
The dlcs are too expensive to enjoy the game, bought the 200$ version way back and thought id be covered for all future dlcs boy was I wrong. Love the game just to broke to enjoy it lol
I came back like a month ago after a year and a half and I missed a lot haha. Also CoD will be an absolute dumpster fire, and has been for a very long time. I straight stopped playing all COD games years ago because they were just such trash.
Destiny is great, except when i never get the exotic drop from the raids because RNGesus hates me.
Just finished downloading Destiny 2 on PS5. Can't wait for my first ever playthr-  *Yeeted and deleted*
As someone who used to play Destiny 2 as my only game for 2 years, I definitely agree that it's 100% better if you have other people to play the game with or engage in the social features surrounding the game (in-game clans, lfg discords etc.) because the solo experience isn't very fun after a while.
This is Why i dont touch these types of games. No way Imma catch up and still be confused lol
You answered it perfectly.
16:46 I FUCKING LOST IT BRO LMFAOOOOOOOO
same... ive tried to play destiny 2 on 3 different occasions but its just too overwhelming.
To be honest, Destiny 2 is a fun game, but there's two things against it :  1) You really need to play with friends to make the experience even better (and yes, starting The Witch Queen at 1340 Light was completely overleveled but don't worry 'bout that, just do the Legendary Campaign).  2) It is really NOT a welcoming game towards new/returning players. The New Light is just ultra-bad, and most of all, it barely scratches the game by showing you like, what, two missions and a strike? Nothing about mods, nothing about builds and synergies, you have to slog through youtube videos to actually understand what the hell is going on. Just a simple message from Drifter telling you to "try to put on that stuff we found" to explain how mods work would make wonders imo.  Anyway, nice to see you enjoyed it, don't get overburned on it tho.
I think that bungie always did their best on halo but fine with destiny or sometimes awful
That game is like drugs cause I can't stop
Loving the dead rising 2 mall ost background music, the act man is one impressively cultured console gamer.
Ya man I play this game more than any other game. Ya if you haven’t played in a while it’s kind of insane. They are adding a thing next expansion to help new players. There’s a war between casual and hardcore players right now and it takes away from the actual problems, like the one you had, where you don’t know what the hell is going on lol. If you don’t have friends to play with it’s beyond confusing
My biggest issue with D2 is.   Having bought the game full price at release. Played for a month or so, and quit from boredom and lack of activities, only to have came back from my about 2 year long break when beyond light was released. Only to see that the game had become free-to-play, with half the shit I remember being there being completely erased from existence? I was stuck in basic bitch destiny only able to do basic strikes and crucible.   So how do you think someone would feel when they paid $60+ for a game, only for half the content to be gone and the game asking me for another $40 to buy the beyond light expansion just to be able to play a single fucking raid that gave useful gear? (Since the old raids would still give gear but under leveled with a lower level cap that current season gear). It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to see this is extremely off putting.   Was there anything given to players who had PAID for the game before it became FTP? If there was, it was something minimal enough that I never noticed. Like what in the actual fuck? So it’s just fuck your money, give me more money?!  Mind you. I am an AVID Destiny fan, with well over a thousand hours in the first game and getting close to that on 2.   In the end I still said screw it and bought the expansions and grinded like usual. Just put me off quite a bit and it’s a constant afterthought while I’m playing.
The new player experience is rough. So rough that when Xur abducted new players and dropped them into Dares of Eternity, veteran players would drop their own levels just to hop in and rescue them. Eyes up Guardian, the New Lights need rescuing and we can’t rely on Bungie for help.
Yeah it's fantastic.
It’s honestly so hard to start destiny 2 that most just give up. And doing it on your own is damn near impossible for most people. When my friend was getting me into it I tried to explain that to him and he just didn’t get it lol
Game engine good eh? Stick around. You'll start wondering who the fuck the architects are and why the fuck they keep killing you.
Femboy besties ? that looks nice, my kind of vibe, can't wait to see you try this ;)
I loved this video 😂 the zavala bits had me dying 🤣
it is an absolute shitshow, I started playing a few months ago and quit short after, the game does a garbage job at explaining anything
Raycon is doo doo, dont buy them.
My pet peeve is that I can’t play any harder nightfalls cuz there is no matchmaking. I wish they would make it able to have matchmaking so I don’t have to beg my friends to play just to get  rejected.
Bro that cool transition just slapped me back to school so hard.
Yeah the new guardian experience is ass
The music, artwork and skyboxes have always been some of the best in the business. Even the story is really good which was always a big problem
#RIPCayde... :(
So can I actually buy the full game now for 60$ or do I have to give them like 300$ just to play the game?
Imagine playing destiny 2 in 2022
Honestly don’t get why people find this game so confusing lol. Took a long break, came in and had no problem figuring my way around.
The best parts of this video for me were just watching Act Man having fun with the boys. Just does it for me :)
Hey ActMan, what chair are you using?
As someone who did the same as you. I put the game down after the first two DLCs. Came back at Shadowkeep. Dropped it quickly after. Didn't even bother with beyond light. For some reason I had the sensation to come back at the Season of the Splicer. I've kept Destiny 2 installed ever since. I kinda adapt quickly to new mechanics just by doing them so I didn't suffer the same amount of overwhelming information overload as I kinda already knew the basics. Super excited for Lightfall as the story in the most recent seasons have just been fucking amazing.
I will get back to Destiny when they make Destiny 3, this game has gotten too overwhelming and i already got a headache looking at the menu.
They’re supposed to be addressing the new/returning player experience with Lightfall. They’re also adding in-game LFG during that time. I just can’t break the grip this game has had on me since The Taken King. I’m a Conqueror, working on Kingslayer, and I hunt down the best weapons/armor stats the universe has to offer on damn near a daily basis. 😭  Hi, my name is Water, and I have a Destiny addiction. 😢
We want a review of the funatari game or we will riot to ban you again from yt
With lightfall I believe there fixing the new light experience and what to do for new players
I was afraid of what you'd end up saying, but when it all came down to "fun game but frustrating as shit to figure out" I just nodded sagely.
I was a hardcore CoD fanboy. I played destiny for the first time right before rise of iron expansion for destiny 1 and now I can’t leave the game
As a long-time cuckboy for destiny 2. I'd like to say thanks for making a video about the game. I haven't watched it yet but I think I know the criticism you're going to have (there are some pretty obvious and blatant ones. like monetization and new players being confused af) and I agree with them. I don't agree with all the gatekeeping losers we have in the community. Thanks for bringing the game to a new group of people!
Destiny 2 is great. I love the lore, soundtrack and gunplay. The main problem I have is that this game is very money hungry so I gave it up in 2019 and went to Warframe. I haven't been back to Destiny since then.
And if you wanna scratch fps itch play mw2019 lol
I quit before witch queen, the game is just the same thing over n over for money
Destiny 2 is a great game with many things to do. You should do some more videos with your homie Zavala😂😂😂
Man’s just dropped the fact he hates Diablo 3 and we all just ok with it ?
my problem with this game is that it’s way to complicated to get into anything. Like, wtf? Where am I supposed to go to get to the story? Where the hell is multiplayer?
*Appreciative neigh*
5:25 that reaction smells like some juicy vex sniffing meme fuel.
you want a game thats worthwhile, meaningful, and to give you escalating levels of dopamine? well have i got the game for you. Fight Knight. It is a punchout type of game where you are a knight who was cursed to never hold a sword again. So you climb a giant tower in hopes of removing this curse while you meet (and punch) fun characters along the way. I enjoyed it and I genuinely think you will too.
gosh imagine you trying to play a Dark Souls game lol welcome back to D2
D2. The game I absolutely despise Bungie for but keep playing. They do nothing but half ass content (weapon crafting) and pretty much everything else.   They can't even bring back old content without fucking up. The D1 Raids should have shipped with ALL THE GODDAMN REWARDS.   Only reason I play, is because its the closest thing to D1 we got. And I like a fool keep thinking Bungie will make D2 a glorious game like D1 was.
The tryhard wall is tall and boring
Vaulting ruined the game.
I wanted to play this, I wanted to getinto destiny and get addicted to it. But they removed the campaign and the renegades DLC. So now I cant never play the story of destiny 2 so I will never play it and will get into it; removing that content is one of the most stupid moves in videogame history.
This is the most positive destiny video I’ve seen in a long time XD
The Zavala jokes were cracking me up! Great video Acting Male!
It’s like a dark souls mantra FPS. You’re new? You’re treated just like the rest of them, dunno where to go? Like I could give a shit, go watch a guide. We’ll make it look amazing and play pretty well, but there’ll always be a challenge with the game modes. It’s broken enough for people to complain but not enough to complete alienate everyone from the game and still be fun. There’s always content updates and something to do.
Bungie should just make halo and 343 should make destiny honestly
I’m in the exact same boat. I left after season 2 and I just got back a week ago
With every little critique he uttered all I could hear was, "I'm a Titan Main." But he has his points.
"Dip my feet into foreskin"
This is badass 🙏
Sames bro😂
That ad was the best sponsor ad I have seen in years. Well played sir.
I’ve played this game for 1500+ hours it’s okay
i played destiny 2 until i got a 7 minute BLM prompt screen uninstall felt good
Dude that zavala impersonation was awesome
boy this dude is cringe. this for fourteen year olds L asf
What about red dead 2
DEEP ROCK GALACTIC. you're welcome
Your skit was too long and cringe stop over doing them
I was a dedicated destiny 1 player and played destiny 2 until I think it was beyond light. However I tried to jump back in recently and I was honestly overwhelmed by everything and not in the good way. I just noped outta there haha. Your video basically encapsulates my reaction.
I wish this game had more single player activities for us introverts or at least encourage soloing. The match game perk really kills the experience for me when i try solo higher difficulty missions :/
As someone who hasn’t played Destiny 2 since Shadowkeep, I’m finding I’ve really started to enjoy the game again. Playing with friends definitely makes the game, and I was just as lost as you were when I came back, Act Man. Honestly, it’s nice to play and have a lot to play with still even as a f2p person at the moment. Glad to hear you gave it a second chance.
I put 9768 destiny 1  7678 destiny 2
guy can play elden ring that literally doesn't tell you what to do but can't follow markers on the map in destiny.........idk if this is satire of if act sniffed alot of glue in school
I laughed way too hard at the the zavala and guns bits
as someone who has played the game for 8 years now i feel i can say that the game is overall really good. its new user experience is pretty rough and it has been for most of those 8 years, but if that were fixed or at least serviceable i think destiny has the potential to be one of the best mmo's out there. im always glad to help out new lights and see others enjoying this game that bungie has put so much care into.
Little late, but for destiny It's usually best to be in display capture with the game in full screen. Seems fine then usually.
Man…aren’t you just hilarious…yup so funny
Literally just redownloaded destiny 2. I downloaded destiny 1 but couldn’t find a match in the crucible
I play Destiny 2 off and on. I does get addicting at times, but it's very easy to walk way from too.
Annoyingly I watched this video, but I was not shooting, therefore I wasn't having fun
Destiny is my favorite game and yet I never expect youtubers to say much good about it. Maybe it's because I occasionally watch Sweatcicle's videos, where he points out the shitty parts while seemingly nolifing the game. Feels nice to finally see someone make a mostly positive review for it.
The Zavala action figure skit is probably the best one you’ve done so far Acting Male. Had me laughing out loud multiple times. Keep up the good work
Technically D2 mostly had everything before the Beyond Light expansion. I started playing again back in Sept 2020. The OG campaign was still around, the only thing I missed were the previous seasonal stories. Whenever Saint-14 came into the picture, and the war with the Vex and realities. Otherwise, yes.... you definitely missed a lot in between that time until now 😆  There was the Matrix style season called Season of the Splicer with Mithrax, where the darkness nearly consumed the Last City. Season of the Lost - a precursor to The Witch Queen campaign. Season of the Risen where the Hive were able to wield the Light. And just recently my personal fave, Season of the Haunted. Basically where lot of characters face their inner demons. The voice acting in those moments are TOP NOTCH. Now its basically pirates and treasure LOL  The Lightfall campaign looks to be really promising too. So getting overwhelmed after Beyond Light... I really don't blame you 😆
One of the things Bungie is plain TERRIBLE - UI and menues. I, for the life of me, after playing hundreds of hours absolutely hate inventory and menus - those are probably one of the worst in the industry, period. Thank god for people creating DIM and somebody actually having brain to add LFG in Destiny mobile app (although, it should've been in the game and not third party app...) Story - whatever, characters - one I liked got killed, so don't care anymore... PvP... Well larger stack of players on coms wins so whatever... But PvE gameplay and shooting stuff is great. Raids even with randoms are great and there's surprising amount of patient people willing to teach and let you learn the mechanics - that's where the game really shines. PS: 14:12 hahaaaah, my friend!.. You've seen nothing yet.
Savathûssy 😳
Savathussy.. Jesus this community.
Thank you, Act Man, for playing Destiny 2 again and telling me what it's like so I don't have to. My poor wallet is grateful.
I love when you add characters to your videos. Ut's so fun ♥ Love u Actman ♥
I've played this game for years and most people agree that the new user experience is the worst part of the game. Next year they're dropping Lightfall which is adding in game LFG and a ranking system to help guardians commend players after a mission akin to FF14. Shame that it's taken so long.
The Act Man: “what is Destiny’s story again”? Byf: *opens heavy, thick tome of compiled lore and scrolls* “Long before time existed there were two beings, the Gardner and the Winnower….” The Act Man: “how do I make builds”? Aztecross: *yells about how spicy dozens of build are in great and enthusiastic detail*
The zvalla bit overstayed it's welcome after 10 sec
Everything you said was fair except for one thing at the beginning. And since it's the first thing you may not think it's that big of a deal but the fact that you spent Soo much time on the ads and announcements when you first load in when I can spend seconds just skipping through it by pressing a button a few times just doesn't seem fair to me. The skit with Zavala though was very funny I will give you that.  In any case I love this game and you're absolutely right that it's far better when you play it with your friends.
The most passive aggressive comment section lmao
Not as shallow as you thought ? Now finish the witch queen campaign solo
That really reminds me of the Warframe experience. Even has a long time player I get lost every time I come back after a long hiatus, so I can't help but think of how awful the experience must be for new players.
Yeah the new player/returning player experience sucks along with all the vaulted content. Thankfully Bungie is putting some work into noticing it for Lightfall and they’ve made the decision to stop vaulting content. On the aspect of the game engine and bugs, it’s actually fairly solid most of the time but it’s pretty buggy at the start of a new season.
I'm a newer player getting back into destiny anyone wanna play on ps5?
I just gave up lol
A true definition of a love hate relationship
I recently tried to come back this game as well, after the same amount of time away. This matched my experience perfectly.
Played Destiny 1 for a couple months at launch, it was barebones and broken, I didn't give destiny any more chances past that
It sucks - me after 5000+ hours (and that isn’t even a lot)
I know I've already commented but I had to come back with another one. Have they fixed your goddamn monetization BS. If they have not then that is a crime against humanity. I forget how much time you put into your videos and it definitely shows. Keep up the great work
Thank you for this video I've been really thinking about jumping back on Destiny I own all the content I just haven't played it and I will make my decision most likely when the video ends. I will say a lot of the things that you were confused about I already know what is what so that won't bother me any if anything it's an actual plus because there's a shit ton of content that I can go through. And as far as the old Exotics you have to buy the new version and upgrade that
D2 is a great game... if you've been playing it for 3 years or more
I love watching kinderguardians struggle😈
I too returned to Destiny 2 after 4 years and was incredibly confused about the story and changed mechanics lmao
It's almost like he got Lance Reddick to reprise his role as Zavala for the sponsor
Destiny is the kind of game that if you want to fully experience it you have to play for at least 5 hours a day
Destiny lore: 😁 Destiny visuals: 😁 Destiny gameplay: 😕
“That’s when I’m only having fun… is when I’m shooting”.
I've been playing Destiny pretty regularly since D1, so the new user experience isn't something I have ever experienced. I will say, it is one of the more rewarding games I have ever played, especially with a group of friends. I have a fairly large group that has played together the entire time, and even when someone takes a break to play something else for a while, there is always a group coming back. It makes things likes raids, dungeons and trials very easy to jump in to.   With that said, when Destiny 2 feels like a job (and it will) take a nice break. Don't play for a season or 2, and when you come back, it will feel fresh and enjoyable again. Don't let the fomo get in the way - nearly all of us that come back after a few months, gain the same weapons and armor relatively quickly.
Don't want to sound typical,but i deleted Destiny 2 a couple of months back!!! Typically because i just got sick of it!!! And not just me,but almost every single player across the globe have made it clear they just cannot stand it anymore!!! And although you still have DieHard fans,who will always love and want to continue to play destiny 2,everybody else like myself has just literally given up on it!!! And Bungie is now obviously starting to feel the heat!!! Because obviously they lost so much money,to the point where bungie sold out to sony!!! Which i think was stupid,because if they had went to Microsoft they would give be given much more money as possible to correct any mistakes they made!!! But i guess knowing Microsoft that just bought Activision-Blizzard,gives them bad memories of what Activision-Blizzard did to them when they were published buy them!!! But regardless of that,destiny 2 is still a F*** up and a failure!!! On tha real...
Destiny 2 is like a really good gold digger. She looks amazing, she’s always wanting to go on adventures, and she rewards you for your loyalty… But at the end of the day you’re paying for her makeup, you’re paying for the trips, and she’s only giving you gifts that she can use too.
I don't play Destiny 2 anymore because of just the sheer amount of stuff and things. Too much going on. If I made it a regular habit, it would rule my life.
Wait, were you not a fan of Diablo 3?, it was my first and favorite diablo game on the X Box 360. I had a lot of fun with the game back in the day, maybe you had more fun with the earlier releases and I think that's cool that you do.
it was telling you what button to press to make the menu go away brother
D1 day 1 player up until after Taken King + King's Fall. D2 day 1 player up until just before Forsaken. Returned halfway through Witch Queen released and became hooked trying to catch up to stuff I missed and play the new seasonal stuff. It took major back surgery to stop me from playing for a month and I haven't even thought about going back for the past week. Not sure if I will go back until Lightfall or ever again. Feel burnt out already.
FINALLY! BACK TO BUNGIE
So glad you made this. Cheers.
“i don’t know what to do there are no tutorials!” to “i don’t wanna do the tutorials!” pipeline
Oh you want this cool gun well I need your money if you're not shooting your not having fun
Who cares that you've returned to it 4 years later, could of been 40 years and no one would really care still
14:43  Genius.
19:23 Yeah, I completely agree with you. I play solo and have no problem grinding through as a loner, but I feel like I could increase my enjoyment in this game with friends. However, in my case, people I know that would be interested are not willing to become new lights or get into their old characters again because of expansion costs and the lack of help from the game itself. Also, the Destiny Content Vaulting debacle created a lot of distrust, and some believe not playing the game shows they don't support that behaviour. I don't think they should have removed it either, but now that DCV technical issue has been resolved, maybe they'll bring back old content with the lightfall expansion. We'll see.
Not missing much man. Added way too much content and squished it up with too many modifiers and changed the game into a build-crafting MMO, instead of a FPS-RPG. PvP, has been punished since 2016. Casual play is fun, don’t get invested.
I'm not supporting this game. They vault paid content. That's the issue. You pay for content and they get rid of it
I play D2 sometimes. Best thing I did for my sanity was turn off dialogue/voice volume. Normally, I can tolerate strange, alien noises and voices but when characters talk in cutscenes or NPC's next to you, my body harmfully contorts from the cringe.  I advise everyone to turn off voice/dialogue volume, its amazing.
They need to just do a restart of this game and  do a 3rd game .  i tried getting back into this too. With a friends and it was impossible to get back into the groove and know what’s up
I doubt anything they put away would actually help you that much, you bacially need a veteran to explain shit to you.  If anyone recommends this game without either linking the tools you need to understand what you should be doing starting out or helping you themselves, you should probably ignore them as Bungie have done a really shit job of explaining it in the game.  Why they don't have a lorebook section of tutorials and other shit boggles the mind.
Act Man how ill informed you are. Everyone knows the only feet Zavala wants to rub down belong to Ciatal. For they are thick strong and smell of honor.
Shooting is fun, start shooting  If you are not shooting, you are not having fun
See you in 4 years! :)
Man I’m glad Zavala moved on from his dead wife and kid.  Now he’s into feet
Cmon, rdr already please! :(
Please do a video on borderlands 2
Even now, I would honesty rather play Halo Infinite then Destiny 2, the UI is just soooooo fuckin confusing to navigate, I also just prefer Halo's version of game play in general anyway, not a loot shooter fan.  (P.S: When I said Halo's version I meant the base line for the game play of Halo 1, 2, 3, 4, Reach, ODST, and yes even 5 to an extent.)
Holy shit I just got back into Destiny 2 like a month or 2 ago too thats crazy
SO what he is saying is that destiney should be warframe ?????
The best part about The Act Man and his channel is that jawline.
My very 1st Xbox game last year was Destiny 2. And it was challenging to understand… everything. Lmao I did have the guide on my phone to assist me. I’ve been so confused and I spent 100$ and the next day I uninstalled game. Zero tutorial, zero explanation on how the weapons customization & the control settings feels weird. But this game is good, just not for me. I thought so but I was wrong.
good bit with toy zavala. papa zuzu was funny
youre not a new player actual new players with zero seconds playing experience get a "new light" treatement where they are put thru a tutorial and learn about everyhting and so on......so yeah sorry you stepped away for 5 years and only came back so you can make a buck off of this game with content. im sure its back in the closet now
I left during the witch queen wasnt fun as a solo free to play player there is no match making in raid and no match making in legendary and above difficulty pvp sucks too many try hards.
I can't go back to this game for the life of me. It is just the definition of fatigue.
The Zavala figurine giving me arby n chief vibes
This strangely made me want to get back into Warframe despite not having anything to do with Warframe. I’ve never played Destiny 2 so eh
I've re-installed this game multiple times in the last 3 years and it always scares me away with how much ??????? I'm faced with.
That's your tan from Hawaii??? Bruh were you see through before? Lol
D2 vanilla to warmind was aweful but they've really pulled the game out of the gutter and infinitely improved it   Seasonal content is definitely the way to go
complains about the banners explaining the new things added to destiny 2 and dismisses them. then complains that he ahs no clue what any of the new things are in the game.  also who the hell does not know what stats are. you see a stat that says reload speed. do you really need a tutorial video to tell you that reload speed increase the speed you can reload a weapon.   destiny does not have 1 liner path. you pick a place you go there you do the thing it says to do, thats it. im sorry but if you need someone to hold your hand and tell you to click on the big flashy icon and when you hover over it it says what to do and where to you, then you should not be playing most games.   destiny does not hold your hand in that way. get your gear choose ANY destination you want and do the objective it has highlighted there. its that simple.   READ THE BANNER'S, watch the cut scenes and you will get all the info you need. Destiny has always been about player exploration. thats how you play the game. click on things, read thing figure things out for your self. thats how the game has always been.
I think destiny is only playable with friends and when you have the most fun is when friends can play a lot so you have good stuff and for long periods of time so you can do the raids, thats the most fun. But I agree with everything you said in this video. I've been a long time destiny fan but my loyalty ran out at what seems about the same time as yours, so thanks for this video! Glad other people feel the same as me about D2
you're trying to write him off on your taxes, aren't you...
Destiny 2 got so repetitive for me that I fell asleep.
You should go back and try cyberpunk 2077 again. They fixed most of the games issues
Got for forsunken and didn't even touch it. I'm off this ride. See ya!
Transformers War and Fall of cybertron games please
destiny 2 sucks greedy bastards
The user experience in this game is a massive clusterfuck, whoever designed it should be ashamed.
Zavala as a foot guy is actually believable
As a solo player, I can confirm that playin destiny 2 alone can be borin, like I do have a few friends who play destiny but they dont play all the time so I agree with act man with this, tbh I agree with this whole vid just I think destiny is  better than black ops cold war zombies cuz zombies re used assets from the campaign but destiny creates somthin new, like witch queen we went to the throne world then lightfall we are goin to a place we have never heard off, why I love destiny and why I always come back to destiny ngl
Are you running out of good games to play? Are loosing faith in top tier games? Try the dumpster fire that is Star citizen. The next quadruple A game which will deplete your wallet faster than any recent Blizzard funded game.
Pvp review next
Watch a 10 min beginner guide and boom
Honestly the game is most fun when raiding with a friend group. Especially if nobody knows what the fuck they're doing.
Act man homie sounded like a Lance Reddick ripoff 💀
i do not really care too much WHAT you review, or what you make a video on or about. as long as you make it and are in it, i click, and i watch. simple as that.
I literally did the exact same a month ago and I'm already trying to get my friends to join me.
I gotta admit that was a good ad. I like what you're doing lmao
To this day I can’t get with Destiny visually it’s awesome, but half the time I don’t even know what I’m doing after playing it for 30 minutes maybe an hour.
Yo I just started last week 😳
Lol....I did the same thing a couple days ago and said the same thing.
That foreskin comment at the beginning made me vomit my coffee from laughter. That was grossly unexpected and entirely unneeded for 6am. Thanks for the laugh, needed it.
I can’t do have of the activities cause I need to drop two hundred dollars for two expansions and a actual story or some crap so I understand act man’s point
I stopped playing after forsaken. Just started playing again and I’m having a lot of fun. I lost all of my progress because I didn’t transfer my account from blizzard 😭
Dude you missed sunsetting what a awesome time to NOT have been playing destiny. I'm jealous 😭
Lol i love how nobody and i do mean nobody reads the pop ups on D2. The new player experience is bad cause everyone ignores the pop up tip that tells you what does what, and who's who. Congratulations you have unlocked new solar fragments. "Idk what they do" read the pop up 😂
Starving guardians in Africa lmaooo…. Fuq africa
Act Man, even though I highly doubt he will.. should try to 100% Dead Space 1, 2, or 3.  Idk, I can see it being a funny time.
Day 2 of asking the act man to play ghost of Tsushima
Gotta hand it to Warframe, even as a 7 year veteran coming back to it after years everything still makes sense despite new systems being added constantly.      P.S. I can't imagine what was Sony thinking when they bought Bungie for like a billion dollars, Destiny 2 is really not that fucking good
Destiny 2 has become a cash grabbing recycling game.at some point it was my favorite game that i played since D1 launched.so sad
Destiny 2 is one of the best live action game, I mean the lore and everything god damn it
damn hope you get well soon
Maybe you should try Escape From Tarkov...
you know what I’m gonna download it now and retry it again
So you called Halo 3 mediocre and bad compared to CE and Halo 2. Except you compare halo 3’s brilliant level design to multiple games. Interesting.
Obligatory: meanwhile warfare is right over there and it's free...
I played so much D1 and I hated D2 on launch it was so bad and the dlc’s sucked. But. Coming back to it post witch queen it was like taken king for me, I remembered why I actually enjoyed destiny. Now there’s finally cool looking gear and more to do than 4 strikes and 1 raid lmao
I had played Destiny 1 and 2 for a few hours years and years ago, and early last year I decided to give Destiny 2 a try. Honestly, I didn't encounter much of a barricade in the way of ease of access for new players, but I'm certain this is only because I literally did nothing other than shoot everything I saw and follow the very few steps I was given. I didn't progress at all, and I didn't begin to understand the game until around 2 months later, when I got into Destiny 2 content on Youtube. After that, I racked up over 1000 hours in a span of a couple months. I took a couple month break as well, but I started playing again last month and I can't take my eyes off the screen.      I feel it's also important to mention that I have not once even been a part of a fireteam in the past 2 years. I have played completely solo. This had severely handicapped my opportunities, such as raiding, but I still enjoy the game.
You NEED to review Hades, it's one of the few games out right now that is actually good. No bugs, no glitches, no microtransactions... Just an awesome rouge-like!
Seeing a video about Destiny 2 makes me happy I play Genshin Impact instead. lol
GOOD AD GOOD AD
FINALLY
I think it’s time for you to check out the playstation exclusives Killzone, mainly 2 & 3 which i believe you would throughly enjoy
...and it's somehow worse than I imagined
I’d say this game is going to be most everything it should be once those old campaigns, and possibly old seasonal narratives, return to help onboard new and returning players.  For the past couple of years, Bungie has been rebuilding the mechanics and structure of the game, and it shows. I think we’re coming to the end of that restructuring with Lightfall and then Final Shape.   After that, it’s probably just a matter of retrofitting vaulted content to that structure, and moving onto new games that take place within the Destiny universe. That will probably be one of the best times to be any kind of Destiny player, new or old.   As of right now, it’s only a great game for those who have either been there or are willing to do the research to understand what they missed if they haven’t been there.
I had the same break length. Baisically, just delete everything in the vault and on your character. And start from scratch. Manage your quest inventory. That’s it.
Best fucking ad transition ever 🤣
wasn't expecting to get spoiled about dragon Ball on this chanel
The way alot of multiplayer games are these days its kind of discouraging to start playing them. I tend to stay single player stories. I can play it at my pace with no pressure to be up to date constantly. Ahh the joys of being in my 30s lol
I’m so far behind that I’m just going to wait for Destiny 3 if that’s where a thing.
just play warframe
Play Hades.
Your comment re the engine “just working” needs a huge caveat that says “unless you’re on pc, in which case Fuck you” the tower is a joke to load in to and navigate menus from.
Deep stone Crypt song is the best
I absolutely love the music and graphics in destiny along with the gun play and movement.
3:09 I did not see that fucking coming, I'm in tears 🤣🤣🤣
I stopped playing before the implementation of cross play. That is a great add there. Had my guys on the Xbox, and loaded the game on my sons ps4 to play and my guys could transfer over
Act Man, you're cringe. Stay off destiny for the love of God. Just hearing you talk instantly just makes me wanna sweep your ip.
the game is about as hard to pick up as it is to put down lol
do you wanty to play a game that is even more unclear than this try escape from tarkov
I'm back after 5
QuantumTV🤡
You want a space battle? Run the Deep Stone Crypt Raid.  Also Nightfalls/Dungeons or some of the harder public events I'd put as the "intermediate" level of content
Imagine playing D1 and then returning to the franchise for D2 in 2022 and realize your playing the exact same game in the Cosmodrome with the same strikes and everything lol.
I stopped playing a couple of months ago. My clan isn't very active and I don't feel like looking for a new one. I just started a photography business so I don't have time anyway. I'll probably be back for the last expansion. D2 has just gotten boring to me, as a solo player.
i promise its fun you just need to stick with it
I just started playing D2 last month; never played D1. It is one of the only games my husband and I are able to enjoy playing together. It's a ton of fun, but I totally understand where a lot of the confusion can come from. Especially since I missed a lot of the story. But I really am enjoying it and can't get enough! Also, that warsat in the cosmodrome strike has gotten me more than once, totally felt that :D :D :D
I quit destiny 2 in October 2017, might come back for lightfall
Welcome back Guardian
yooo play with the zanman in next video?
This game is “fun” but to he honest i LOVE this game for its aesthetics, its legit the only reason im playing atp
I cannot believe you just made a throw back to =3
Don't worry Act man, you're not alone. At least once or twice every couple weeks posts on the destiny subreddits make it to the top talking about how ass the new user experience is. But, once you get past that mountain, and get some friends to play with, the game becomes an absolute blast to play. Stick with it, and you'll be glad you did
Could you look at the Borderlands series?
"the game has a good engine" its still going on some old shitty ass engine designed for like halo 3? like 10years ago and only made for console and 30fps so they have had to fix it lots of times but havent actually gotten a new one
My best friend loves your content, but can’t stand D2 let’s stick it to him
Damn bruh the amount of copium these destiny “addicts” are inhaling in this comment section is insane. It’s game bruh not heroin. Develop some time management skills
They have said they won't be sunsetting content anymore and are supposed to be adding back in all the missing content at some point. Hopefully someday we'll have a full Destiny experience.
I came back to destiny after I gave up on infinite back in January. And after a long week of re-learning the game....I have only done nothing but enjoy the fuck out the game. there is so much shit to do and I fucking love it. the game is everything infinite wish it could be
Dude, i was enjoying the video, then you did the Blink 182 i miss you parody and that just made me crack up. here's you're like sir.
Love destiny and always will. Was a halo guy before halo 5 but 5 and infinite suck so much ass I found something different in the form of destiny. I love the gun play and the variety of gear you can interact with. I’m a pvp player and it gets frustrating at times but all in all I love playing it and I have fun. 1700 hours in the past 2 years speaks to how addicting it is.
Act man can you soon make a half-life 2 review :)
I came back 2 months ago after 4 years of hiatus as well. I quit as soon as D2 came out. It was so confusing when I first came back. I have not caught up with everything and skipping a bunch of storyline missions. I hate doing story modes with a passion.
Don't know if you know. But the VA of Fynch is the English va of goku
15:00 i think Remnant: From the Ashes also captures this kind of good music on the menu, just sit there listening to it.
This was the first game I wished there was a tutorial and it would be probably the first game since PS1 I would not press "Skip Tutorial". This game just confused me.
You should revisit it with the overhaul in Lightfall! I think the changes will be great for newer players.. I’d like to see what you’d think of it if you do decide to revisit this dumpster fire of a somehow enjoyable game?(yes I hate it but I enjoy it)
Man if you were confused by destiny then I would love to see you try warframe for the first time on stream
i came here for the talking Zavala figure.
after trying to play destiny 2 recently this video is spot on i was so godamn confused. I'll just wait for a destiny 3 and hope they try make a better framework for adding new content in expansions that build upon the old content
Im a bit shocked of how hard you found being able to play this game. I am not a very smart person and i have zero issues figuring out what to do. The game also tells you of how to do many things, like the weapon crafting. I have been playing it for two months now and feel i know most things. I did watch one beginner player tips video where i learnt a few things which was good.
That Cool Transition threw me off, now I gotta go rewatch some =3
It's been 8 months I didn't touch this game 😅 I got literally got burn out just taking some rest from this game
I got 3000+ hours on these game and can recommend it to anyone because is impossible to start from zero without someone taking you step by step the new player experience is the worst.
destiny isn't fun anymore man, they stripped out all the interesting modes. they nerfed everything and you grind a whole season just for the next to take away progress. the worst thing for last always weakening the player making your grind pointless.
With enough effort, drive, and copious amounts of crayons, brute force is always the best option (I.E, my group used sweet business to solve that particular witch queen memory puzzle).
Have you discovered bonk titan yet?
Maybe playing femboy besties will get you remonetized… 🤣
Go put 10 more hours in and redact the comment about the engine being flawless
Dont get me wrong but didnt you said it didnt have any tutorials? and the ones it had annoy you because you didnt want to follow them XD
Bro I get confused on destiny and I've played all the dlc. I think I'm finally done with the game, theyre too greedy and are nickle and diming the shit out of the community
Hell naw, as a solo players, I never finished a SINGLE raid... I couldn't even farm some "iconic" guns. It was pointless cos they're underpowered anyway...
Иеш lighт сомрпiп
3:02 lmaoo what a throw back
LMFAO THE ZAVALA COVER LMFAOOOOO
Welcome back, Guardian. Zavala recommends you pop into his office and take a listen to Shaxx's mixtape
my name is byf on YouTube has a pretty great storyline that came help the newer campaigns make sense
me and my brother were day one players that left for 3-4 years and coming back was so confusing and YES THE LITTLE MENU AT THE BOTTOM IS SO ANNOYING !!!!  I DONT WANT TO CRAFT A WEAPON !!!!!
I think destiny currently is pretty easy to follow, you complete witch queen which if you aren't aware thats the objective of the WITCH QUEEN DLC, then you're at the power level where you no longer gain it for just doing anything. Then you follow the powerful and pinnacle activities of which id say 70% are fun 20% boring and 10% potentially too difficult for people, then that's it, anything else in terms of guns you want to use and things you want to grind is up to you. I have plenty of friends who play for 10 hours a week, or 50 hours, and they enjoy it from their own perspectives. You don't need the best best weapons to succeed in most of the content in the game so just take it at your own pace and youll get there eventually.
Whether we wanted it or not, this is your funniest video by far.
This video was worth it for the earbud commercial alone
The quality of life in destiny is trash... They need to fix it asap
You using the action figure was a nice touch
So true, looks great, good lore but boy is this game frustrating. You need a doctorate to complete some missions.
Bungie are finally doing something with the series, especially with expansions like Forsaken and The Witch Queen. I would like to see Lightfall and The Final Shape have an Infinity War and Endgame vibe to them, since they'll be the last expansions for D2.
actually... Krillin died long before Dragonball Z was a thing, so him dying isn't even news when you skip the Frieza Arc
So glad to see the Tiger engine getting some props. Tbh it's probably just about the smoothest engine I've ever played on for a large scale AAA 3D game. Yet all I see is people complaining about it being old and outdated. It may be old, but it's rock solid in its construction. The only major limitation seems to be that it's slow to boot up for development and can't handle hundreds of GB of content, but that's slated to be fixed in an upgrade for Lightfall.
I hate destiny 2, it’s my favorite game
This is so relatable. I came back as wel to d2 after 3 years. And i was overwelmd about all the new things, and was super confused where all the old planets wore. And this game is totaly not friendly for new players or players like me who missed 3 years. But now after 2 months in i have found my way again, and allready completed kings fall a couple times and all the other good stuff.
I started playing it 3 weeks ago and i gotta say the core game is fun and beautiful.  I think they overdid all the perks and stuff.  Now you can mod a gun in like 30 different ways and not feel any difference whatsoever.    I love that visual armor isnt bound to what youre having equipped anymore. Nothing feels as bad as having a good looking armor thats shit and having a shit looking armor thats good.  I feel like you unfortunately get less loot now compared to d1 but oh well.  But the confusion part is what kills it for me.  In fairness i lost the plot from destiny early in d1 so i have no clue what the fuck is happening but finding what missions youre supposed to do is impossible.  I genuinely have no clue what I'm doing  99% of the time.   There is 0 mission hierarchy or any raster of hey this should go first.   I was stuck trying to finish a mission (ends with talking with the lady that sells ships on the tower ) for 30 minutes cause i couldn't interact with an NPC just for me to google saying i did the entire mission for nothing cause you can only finish it if you have the DLC.   I also dont think you can even play the old story missions.   Im genuinely never been this confused in a game before.   Yea turning your brain off and shooting stuff is fun but to a point.
Haven't played in years because of how unbalanced it was. Imagine being a new player matched up with lvl 300s, who can one shot you with ease. It's not fun 😅
I'll do you one better. I hadn't touched the game in 5 years and it's all i have played in the last two weeks. I am enjoying it though, and soloing legendary witch queen is ROUGH
I think I can’t agree more with this video, I always want to come back to Destiny but man it’s confusing if you haven’t played for a few years
I find it funny that you had difficulty on a spot the difference puzzle
Looking for moth people? Savathun is the moth lady
Bro I've never laughed so hard at a sponsor segment!!!🤣
They're supposed to be helping with the direction problems in the Lightfall expansion. Sucks that its been left this way for so long.
i really tried to play D2 a month ago. I had no clue what i was suposed to do. All my old loot where the same level. I couldnt find my old favorite spots. How do i swap element again?? What do these "fragments" do? Where do i find a mission? how do i activate the mission... like HOW DO I PLAY THE GAME????
Where did traveler fig come from
I've been playing destiny2 for 3 years and I can say that getting into the game as a new player is definitely a struggle. I had the fortunate experience of having friends to guide me, but there's still a ton of things I had to learn on my own. now I'm kind of a vet, although not quite. I have nearly everything in game (except all of the year 1-3 stuff, as I started playing during the end of season of the worthy. destiny is fun, but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't grindy as fuck
I'll probably never understand how people can enjoy this game. The gameplay is braindead af and repetitive, you're constantly bombarded with content ads and microtransactions, the UI is ugly and physically hurts to look at or navigate, the aesthetic/artstyle looks incredibly bland and dull (though that's highly subjective), and they routinely vault and recycle old content and treat it like new. To me, Destiny 1 and 2 alike represented a lot of the worst of the "modern" AAA games industry, but for some reason people who should know better keep eating it up. I must seriously be missing something
dog
Destiny 2 is like minecraft, you’re constantly getting distracted by every small thing, only difference is, it’s not the good type of distraction
I only play destiny2 and division2 and a couple other games there's alot of things that need to be changed in d2 there servers for 1 and take weapon crafting out of the game
The Equals Three transition at 3:02 made me feel something I haven’t felt in years.
so the complaints are it's a mmo rpg and that's confusing.  I remember launching osrs and was confused as fuck but I dont rly see that making it a shit game, same with WoW or any other looter shooter like even Warframe
This is the reason why I stopped playing Destiny 2, that old content was vaulted. content that was made for new players. Which is supposed to learn them the game. was removed.
I read about three comments, skimmed about 30 seconds of video total and decided to comment (I'll be watching the rest, I'm just short attention.. WOOO SHINY THIN. Never mind...).  Yup, expect to feel lost, I've literally got almost 4000 hours in Destiny 2 now and ya know how much of this f*****g game I know and understand?  Crucible.  I understand crucible.  You put the bullets in the other player's talk talk parts.  That's it.  I have no idea what 99% of my inventory is, I don't know where I'm supposed to be, we have to constantly google "How do I *insert random thing here*" to get shit done but ya know what, I've fallen in love with the franchise, faults and all.  I'm serious about barely knowing wtf I'm doing in the game, but I DO love crucible (When my health is good enough to play anyway).  The 6v6 modes are utterly busted most of the time for me (Like hit a stationary guy four times smack in his face with hammers and he just walks away.  Smash some random guy once who's sailing past you at half the speed of light, he actually dies.  Go figure), but the 3v3's are solid A-F 99% of the time.  I miss crucible now that I'm thinking about it.  :/
Played Destiny from day 1 and quit once Leviathan was over. Just tried to go back into it and I’m totally confused 😂
ogh... the number of factually incorrect info in this vid pain me xD though it is not your fault dude. The game DOES have confusing experience for new players.  First of all, you can't "overlevel" content. Once you reach the recommended level for certain activity, you no longer gain any "bonus" for that activity, regardless of how much higher level you are. The level servers essentially only as a way to unlock new content by climbing to their recommended level, OR by providing challenge by you purposefuly being thrown into activity UNDER leveled.  The campaign of WQ on "normal" difficulty is braindead easy, that's why "legendary" difficulty is HIGHLY advised for balanced challenging experience where you have to think and plan ahead. For builds and stats etc., just watch some guides on ytb... (but yes, the game should obviously explain it on its own)
Destiny has always been trash. It’s always been a shallow looter shooter for brain dead players. Bungie’s talents are wasted on that game and it popularised live services. The dev can go to hell for that.
Play Outriders. It is better.
Great video, mic was a bit scuffed, kinda digging the older editing style  Please optimize audio or I will pose as a Bungie employee and falsely copyst...  I love you fix the audio ActMan.
"papa zuzu"
Krillin dies? Thanks for the spoiler man god damn
If you make another video, Commander Zavala needs to make a return. You need more guns!
I quit when Beyond Light launched. Had played Destiny since d1 launch I just could not take being strung around with this, hint of a AAA shooter with beautiful environments, that is really just a f2p cash shop monster on 4 years of life support  I fucking hate Destiny lmao
Love how you portrayed zavalas character 😂
Hi destiny 1 veteran here, and destiny 2 fan that has been playing since beyond light here to help to shed some light (pun intended) on the destiny 2 new light experience as I understand that it can be very overwhelming at first and I hope this comment helps clear some things up for your proper destiny 2 review and I'm sure you figured some of this stuff by now. When starting out the best things to focus on are vanguard and gambit related activities while dipping your toes in crucible every now and then as it can be a very unbalanced experience. In regarding to leveling up every tuesday there is whats called a weekly reset which refreshes pinnacle activities and the bright dust store (the free eververse store option) Pinnacle activities fall under gambit, crucible, and vanguard strikes. When you complete a pinnacle quest (which is usually complete 3 matches or missions) you are given pinnacle loot which has a high power level and you can either use the item or infuse it to armor or weapons that you currently have. Which can end up accumulating and bringing up your guardians power level. You can infuse by using upgrade modules which u can get from either leveling up vendors such as shaxx, zavala, and drifter, buying them from ada-1 or the gunsmith, or from the battle pass. For the most part they have gotten rid of the vendor currency like tokens or gunsmith materials so instead of leveling up vendors through tokens you just do activities and it will automatically level them up. As we all know the true excitement in destiny 2 is endgame activities such as raid and dungeons. You already did a dungeon with the grasp of avarice (the pirate themed mission you did) but there are other dungeons such as prophecy, shattered throne and pit of heresy. With the weekly reset these dungeons and the raids will rotate and each week a different dungeon or raid will drop pinnacle gear. So one week it will be vault of glass and prophecy, and another week it will be kings fall and grasp of avarice that will drop pinnacle loot. DO NOT MAIN ONE CHARACTER FOREVER! I cannot stress this enough, with someone that has ADHD it can be annoying to play the same character so remember to swap things up every now and then. For example I main hunter but this season I've been playing warlock and I've been enjoying the hell out of it. Dont forget to pick up bounties so you can level up vendors faster. If your gonna buy dlc do it in this order: witch queen, beyond light, lightfall, and shadowkeep. And if your gonna preorder lightfall see if you can get the deluxe edition as that will help save money in the long run as you wont have to worry about buying season passes which each season when they drop so you can hop right in. This game can be very grindy but if you were able to get into runescape then im sure you will do just fine in destiny 2. Now get in there guardian and enact xeno genocide so you can get that sweet sweet loot that is slightly different from the same gun that has different perks. If you have any other questions don't be afraid to ask.
i'm gonna be honest , the new user experience is really bad that made me drop the game after like 6 hours , its just that games like this should really try to get the new user experience really proper to make it worth while
This game is sooooo repetitive. Like holy fuck
I always thought of Destiny 2 like COD Zombies. Mindless fun but you can only play solo for maybe a couple hours at most. Playing with friends it felt like I transported back into the classic XBOX 360 days and everything was really magical the first time around. Once the novelty wore off though I got really bored of Number Based Combat
Destiny...not exactly what you wanted, but still leagues better than anything 343 has ever done.
Savathussy
Destiny is the only multiplayer AAA game that has been getting better instead of worse tbh
bungie knows the new user experience is kind of all over the place and have showed all the new things theyre adding lightfall for new players with a bunch of quality of life improvments
I've honestly considered starting Destiny 2. I'm so bored of shooters nowadays because none of them feel rewarding or worth my time and investment (Halo Infinite REALLY killed it for me). At least with Destiny 2 there seems to be an infinite and rewarding grind with expansive customization and unique gameplay when it comes to FPS'. Sure, I may have to study the Wiki for like an hour, but we'll see how it goes.
You should try tarkov.
Actman Black Ops 3 is free with PlayStation Plus and it’s a blast from the past.
"You have 3 guns" Shows 2 guns and a sword
FPS? Well your probably going to love Titanfall 2 have you played it  Probably
Man I hate Destiny 2, its my favorite game
Destiny open your wallet and shoot stuff   Cries even though I like the game as it brutalised my wallet
Surprise it’s still dogshit especially with the sbmm
Yeah. I played a ton of Destiny 1 back in the day. I recently decided to mess around with the free content in Destiny 2 and it's beautiful, the mechanics are rock solid, but damn is it ever unfriendly to new players. I have no idea what I'm doing. Most of the activities are only described ingame with lore instead of an actual explanation of what they are. But it's still fun, enough for me to keep playing. I might even spend money at some point.
The new/returning user experience is horrendous. I have played Destiny 2 since launch and never had to experience any of the things new players have. That all changed when my friend wanted to hop back into the game after now playing since Forsaken. The sheer amount of things Bungie does not explain is staggering. The game is a lot of fun and I hope people do stick with it. That being said, I do understand why people get so frustrated.
Now this might be crazy but hear me out. Ok ready now hear me out. Be the hero I can’t be and go try fallout 76 again. Told you it was crazy
Okay. New favorite video of yours.
I really wish they just added like a heroic difficulty for strikes and even patrols. I like thinking more critically while playing games. I hate passively shooting through hordes
u dont need to introduce yourself to us actman we ALL know who you are
I recently returned to the game and it was the same experience for me. I had no idea what to do and it took a full two weeks to gain some semblance of an idea. I recently discovered the Destiny Item Manager and watched a few videos on how to spec your build and this was an absolute game changer for me.
New user experience? Horrible.  Game has issues? Yes.  Game is good? Yes.
I cant be the only one that saw him pick up the trials quest and was scared for his sanity
Grass? No, destiny
Actman try ghostrunner, super short super fun. It’s kinda got that rinse and repeat and overcome elements like the souls games, but very different game all together
What’s up  gayming I been trying to  make videos on my channel can you check it out
well if you want to really start shooting buy the actual game by actual game i mean witch queen and then you go shoot shoot more fly swat and now destiny becomes very snooty game and then you dump your life savings to buy everything destiny
Playthrough Resident Evil 4 before Remake comes out!
Day 1 of asking act man to review foxhole
Destiny really sucks for new players, like really sucks, if you dont know what you're doing or where to go or how to get exotics or good weapons it's a terrible experience... but the end game content for Destiny 2 is fucking incredible, raids, dungeons, master or grandmaster content is incredibly fun (given you actually have friends to play with). But most importantly... the LOOT, there is nothing more satisfying then getting a god role raid/dungeon weapon. It's like crack and that makes it so hard to let go of Destiny once you've gotten to that point. I love this terrible mess of a game.
why the =3 transition 🤣🤣🤣
that was also my problem, didn't realize how much more fun the game is with friends
the fallen already took the moth peoples place and the eliksni wouldn’t be very happy about this information but at the same time when have we guardians ever gave a shit about other non guardian dudes we are psychopathic murder machine drived with nothing but shoot and loot all we see them as is a potential target to get FNAF’d up and spring locked into a mew dead mans tale roll
my exact experience when i tried to play it a few weeks ago. no clue what I’m doing.
“When the main menu track is so good that you just sit there and listen to it” the dark souls 3 experience right there
lol @ =3 "cool transition"  🤣 blast from the past!
30th anniveristy was free on epic game store
True, the new user experience is god awful. I created a new character like a dumbass thinking it would be fun, nope. You get thrown into the D1 starting area, after you're done you get so much shit thrown at you. Quests, missions, etc. The new Destiny 2 will never experience the interesting campaign Red War, and will never fully experience D2 because they scrapped half of shit in the game for "reasons". Aside from that, the quests you get are so goddamn boring, it's not even engaging. You're just running around mindlessly doing strikes, crucible, etc. Then what? What do you do after you're done with all that? Well, I have no clue because there isn't a clear goal for once you finish. They just throw you into the game with no extra tutorials, you're just expected to know what to do. If you don't have a friend that plays D2 already, then you will be lost. So in conclusion, if you're thinking of getting into D2, DON'T. Unless you have friends to guide you through your journey. Other than that, don't.
Started playing d2 because I was sick and tired of BRs and never looked back, I love playing this game and helping new players most of all when I have time.
Still waiting for another fallout review
I’m just sitting here slamming my head in the wall because the outfit he has on the thumbnail i really wanted but could never get it
14:38
“Where does someone like me start? Like there’s all these menus and different campaigns.”  “I don’t understand… You have three guns.”  🤣🤣 the only things you need are three guns
Think about hunt: showdown, it's kinda like tarkov
So can we start the Hot Tub stream campaign now or?  I tried to get into Destiny 2 before Witch Queen dropped, seemed super cool but it was so overwhelming I really haven't gone back
Currently on my 6th attempt to get into this game without giving up because I can’t figure out what the hell is going on
Day 1 of asking the act man to play ghost of Tsushima
I'm sorry but your wrong.  Glimmer is still useless.
Destiny has definitely grown a lot and has gotten better as more and more DLC's and updates come out. The learning curve is pretty ugly and they introduce a lot of things without properly explaining how it works or what you should do to get it to work the way you like it to. I think when Lightfall comes out Destiny will be near its growth cycle at least I hope so. I wish you luck in trying to figure out how to get those elemental fragments to work in your favor.
Destiny 2 is just shitty paid Warframe
I bought the first destiny and didnt have that much fun because it had no story. Then multiplayer dried out when I didnt have a fireteam. Crucible has always been fun but its a sweat fest. I bought d 2 with the season pass and didnt even get to complete all 3 first expansions. Now I cant even do them anymore. Still had issues finding some people to play wit but I played this one mission that I thought was gonna be short and easy and it turned into a 2 and a half hrs of sweating tryna get these white orbs into the corresponding hole. dark and light nodes or sum shit. But it took damn near 3 hrs and it wasnt a raid. Then at the end I didnt even get an exotic or nun. The game looks great and performs pretty well but you just do the same thing over and over again. I wonder if I would have more fun with a team. But idk. What takes away from the game for me is im and introvert and play games by myself cause im lonely but with so much content locked behind fireteams and then I cant get better shit to get a higher light level because i cant play the missions because I need a fireteam. It just makes it kinda tedious for me. Im sure its a great game but I lack the friends to play it properly😔
Ohhh, I see. We got The Sus Man in this one.  Guardian, to reach the Pinnacle of your power, you must embrace death.
I just record in obs thru display capture and it works, tho while live streaming in streamlabs I either do display or window capture
Althought i spent 3000+ hr on this game, I still remembered how overwhelmed i was when i started about 2 years ago… i completely agree with all the critisism! Great video
level design is super important for me. there are a lot of ways to shoot things, I'd like to shoot things that had some thought put into it. Destiny is zoomer's first boom boom game.
I can’t even play D2. I keep trying, because I loved the first game, but at this point, why would I play D2 when I can just hop on D1 and there’s still plenty of people playing? It’s just so unbelievably complicated that it feels entirely inaccessible to a casual player.
Cool transition
what was bad about bright engrams? you just get random paid for items without having to pay
Wait until actman finds out about caiatl
Raycon Good, Wires Bad!
I will gladly do any future voice acting for you, no charge. Not saying any specific reasons why, just putting that out there.
act man videos with more action figures and voices.. MAKE IT HAPPEN  :D
12:49 but what about moth mommy savathun?
mfs boutta bandwagon the destiny hate like the past year hasnt been the best for destiny smh
I'm so sorry
20:11 "and God dammit we've got a lot of those" 😂😂
PLEASE, DO MORE DESTINY 2 VIDEOS!
This video was me almost a year ago. Now I'm barely figuring out how to mod armor.
so u mean? warframe? we space battles we just need raids like destiny 2
Even if i don't really like to play D2. I always loved the environment design of the game. Also some armor and guns look so slick.
"weight of darkness, man I'm fuckin slow" 😂
Man. I really missed your  Zavala memes. Welcome back guardian.
It brings me great joy seeing someone return to Destiny and the majority of their game time is just making fun of Zavala
Got to say, would have been interesting if Act Man tried his hand at stop motion animation for the ad section with Zavala in figurine form.  No bashing. Just saying.
Bro, that was the best sponsor section I've ever seen. That was nice ACTing.
Why couldn't they just let use uninstall the expansions like how modern warfare let's your uninstall campaign so you can play the multiplayer
"thank God they got rid of the bright engram shit"  -The Act Man, playing Destiny 2 in a time when bright engrams still exist
Destiny 2 is objectively better than D1 overall but. The new/returning player experience is garbage. Plus the content vaulting is a literal scam. Having $60-$80 worth of content being gone. Without no refund or compensation is ridiculous and on top of that. The grind is worse than D1  and the game doesn't respect your time. In it's current state I cannot recommend Destiny 2. So your time and money is better spend doing something else entirely.
tfw you discover the dungeon activity
If you ever feel stupid just remember I’m dumbass that still uses DMT
Also those Commander Zavalla jokes were literally commendy gold. Great job Actman. 👍🏅 Thank You for the likes Guardians.
D2 is a game that sucked me in because of the social aspect. It's one of those games that you have to experience WITH the community and with friends, because there's so much more to understand by playing in groups. Raids, Nightfalls, Team Crucible, every activity is elevated exponentially by group play. It makes you feel like you're playing something bigger than it actually is, which is a vibe that you can't find with anything else.
I'd love to switch between 5 guns rapidly
Bless you.
I came back recently after years as well and I was so overwhelmed I put it back down. I stuck with it though and now I'm hooked. It's a great game, they need guide new players though.
you know what's a good gaming experience in 2022? Destiny 1.
As someone who has played since Destiny 1, The Act Man is 100% correct with this video. There is no proper way for new or returning people to understand everything that Bungie has changed unless going over a ton of information from past updates. Thankfully though, Bungie has said they are trying to figure out a way for new players to transition into the game easier, but we probably won't see anything like that until Light Fall.
he shot for a Zavala voice and he landed on Plankton
Got some real Arby & Chief vibes when you busted out the action figure.
I miss the old destiny 2
Had it installed for 7-8 months before I tried it out, played for maybe 30-40 hours and uninstalled it. Only played the free content and didn't care for it.
Bro it’s such a great game but it feels like a job with the grinding
I feel bad that new and returning players don’t have a better way to get into the game and learning all of the new stuff.
Wont be disappointed
Normal people: it’s been a hard week.  I think I’ll game for a while Me: finally got a house, wooo. House is near Notre Dame Campus, Wooo.  Mortgage rates are now 7.5% at the same time you bought the house: *Angrier than Angry Kratos in Ghost of Sparta*
nailed it on the head
Well, the difficult thing about D2 is for starters, it's a sequel in and of itself. No you don't have to have played D1 to enjoy D2 but the basics of the world, culture, enemies and the deep ocean of lore that surrounds the destiny universe is important. Not necessarily to the gameplay aspect, but if you throw out any first person shooters design or style they're all very similar. So destiny leans into abilities and story telling which is a major factor. This combined with years of content makes the game feel overwhelming. I always suggest people look up tutorial vids as well as lore videos. Because with any MMO in it's time, being dropped into it feels overwhelming! There's so much to do and master. Sadly I think some people struggle with the very aspect of joining a game later in it's lifespan, and perceive the gap too large to close between themselves and vet players.
Savathun sort of looks like a moth at some times ^^  So yes, moth people!
as a long time player witch queen is the best content so far but as a new user I can see the confusing aspects  I personally like raiding and dungeons the best
100% man.  Its core is a great fun game.  Its just buried under a ton of incomprehensible menus and disconnected story & lore since so much of it is vaulted.
Thank you for making this video, hopefully Bungie sees this and realized how terrible the new (and returning) player experience is. Crucial systems like a structured campaign, clean UI, and clear direction are all but forgotten and lost in this game. If you don't play this game exclusively you will get beyond overwhelmed. Also I feel like Destiny 2 is becoming more and more like a mobile gacha game that (unlike a gacha game) takes waaay too much of your time.
New player onboarding is horrific, and being a long time Destiny vet myself I had to hold some seminars for a few buddies who were new/ returning for WQ. I couldnt imagine trying to get started with no friends to learn from.
I've wanted to get back into the franchise but it just seems like I would be lost.
how can you not know what youre doing, the entire game is just kill things and collect the loot that drops that's it. It's the exact same as red war or d1
This is exactly why I stopped and will never play Destiny 😂😂😂
Leviathan? Hard? Wait till he sees raids like Garden of Salvation and Vow of the Disciple lmao. Bungie really stepped up the completely of raids since year 1
11:30 LOL. I also just came to destiny albeit after only 2 years hiatus. I also have no fucking clue what was going, what order I should do things to get caught up with, or even how to get rid of the fucking popup at the bottom of the screen. I literally played for 30 min with that shit there b4 deciding to restart the game. Oh, and I always have a wiki/youtube page open to google how to do shit.
The biggest thing plaguing Destiny is that you can't get rid of the feeling that Bungie just fucking hates the players and that's what drives almost all of their decisions.
I want to get into destiny 2, the game looks fun and amazing design wise. But I have no idea what's going on since they took story chucks out, so I can't get into the game.
Yeah, I played maybe the first year of destiny 2, if that. Came back earlier this year and played for all of 2 days. I'll keep my fond memories of Destiny 1 because this shit right here.... is ballocks. Rubbish. Complete and utter nonsense. Bungie butchered my boy cayde 6 and turned one of my favorite games into a shameless cash-grab.
I think the dungeons are my favorite part of the game now.  They hit the perfect balance of fun and difficult that I'm looking for.
IVE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR THIS DAY. Welcome back, Act Man.
My ears were not prepared to hear "Savathûssy"
The absolute major pitfall for this game is the “new light” experience. I have nearly 3k hours on destiny 2 and I absolutely love this game. I tried to get my partner through it and they just got super overwhelmed and don’t really understand what’s going on because there’s just too much shit happening. I really hope that the next major expansion rebuilds the new player experience instead of just going like “hey that guy is pretty high level. Why don’t you ask him.”
'Guardian, it appears that Destiny 2 and Warframe can finally agree on something. You need the wiki open with the game in order to know how to upgrade your weapons.'
The ad read Zavala is the only time destiny properly told a story thats understandable and I can go back and view it at anytime without parts of the story being vaulted
The issues you were facing were uniquely a returning player's issue for the most part. New players are given a actual tutorial, but it's not like your assessment is far off.
As someone who has been playing since the launch of D2, I hate this game, with every fiber of my being. It’s my favorite and I play it everyday😂. And I’ve been solo playing this game for years but once you find a group of people to play with it’s a whole different experience, lots of fun and definitely worth playing once you get past the weird learning curve. Can’t wait to see more ActMan!!
(Review Team Fortress 2)
Man, "He Who Shall Not Be Named" really messed with you, huh? Got you playing with dolls. 🤣🤣🤣  Just kidding! Glad your back, hope you had an amazing vacation!  Maaaaaaan, you didn't even touch on Crucible...
COOL TRANSITION
You know who else has great menus music. Elden Ring
I stopped playing Destiny after the third iteration of major content, i think it was called house of wolves. I grinded destiny so intensely, raided on all 3 characters every week. What I couldn't stand about it was that they would release a new paid expansion and make all your previously elite gear useless within an hour of playing the new content. and the campain of house of wolves was terribly boring compared to the Oryx stuff. So I never played Destiny 2 since I didn't feel like continuing to grind super hard only to have my top level gear nerfed into the ground by a new expansion. Every now and then I think about getting into Destiny 2 because i kinda miss the style of game, but i'll download it and then never play it. oh well, maybe someday. Thanks for the vid act man
This is exactly why I never got back into D2. It’s just information overload and also none at the same time
I knew my group wasn't the only one that just constantly speaks like Zavala.  "Guardian, I have to pee. Be back in a minute." "Guardian, RNG hates me." "Guardian, my wife is screaming at me to watch the kids. I gotta go."
The zavala impersonations had me rolling 😂 That's some good stuff, damn
Another big thing imo is I think they definitely stepped up the writing in the game as well, it’s not anything incredible but it is compelling nowadays
Incredibly fair review.  The new player experience is atrocious and has been for a long time but at its core this game is a blast with friends.  It’s interesting to hear you talk about how polished it is.  A lot of veteran players are constantly ragging on Bungie for various (non-game breaking) bugs when in reality other games seem to have it much worse.  Maybe goes to show how spoiled veteran destiny 2 players have been
You can level up all your old gear to current gear despite breaking down any piece of new gear into your old gear so nothing is ever obsolete in destiny you can always keep your favorite guns and bring them along with you
PLZ REVIEW AGE OF EMPIRES 2
Play stalker anomaly gamma
The Zavala ad was brilliant.
If you genuinely think the numbers in Destiny are confusing…please give Path of Exile a spin. I promise your head will explode.
Yeah i gave up on destiny a long ass time ago. halo infinite is more enjoyable.
I'll play with you, Act Man :)
That three man activity is called a dungeon
Skillup also loves Destiny, but can't recommend it to new players due to its confusing nature and awful new user experience. That said, he also notes how Destiny 2 is the best it's ever been. Well gee, it only took 5 years lol. I played Destiny 2 in the 2019-2020 era and I don't plan on returning. Also it's good to see that the Zavala memes are still alive and kicking.
Hey act man, can we get a " why call of duty 4 modern warfare was a masterpiece." Please
Glad to see you give the game a fair shot. And yes it is an entirely different experience when you have friends mentoring you and holding your hand.  Which sucks for new light. Who knows how many people would stay playing IF the fkn game was easier to understand.
It's so cool your getting back into Destiny. It's one of the few universes I can't seem to walk away from. TBH, it's the little things like exotic weapon missions, subclass overhauls and seasonal stories that keep pushing things forward when other activities get stale. Hope you enjoy your time!
destiny is hot garbage fight me on that
Bruh it’s really not hard at all maybe overwhelming but just read ?
I appreciate your videos and review, but and yes there is a but... if a game isnt fun with out friends, and i know how close minded this sounds, its usually trash. like play something that is good than add friends and its like wooooaahhhhh. anyways, i played destiny 2 from day 1, took a break, came back, cant do it... I want too, but when i ask myself why? its cause of the few friends who wont quit that game or keep going back to it which I've given up on them, i'll play with them if they ever play something else.
That menu pop up issue is so true for a LOTof games
It’s funny you posted this people at work We’re talking about getting into this game, and I was considering it but this lets me know I probably would have a bad time
I was scared to watch this, but pleasantly surprised. 😁
even puzzles wants you to shoot them! I had my good share of fun during the 2019 of this game and then it went poop. Was hoping it would recover but it seems still boring
Sir zanny would be proud…
Destiny 2, was a Shit show in the beginning but since warmind, i thought : Hey, their stories aren't that bad, Just a shame that it's not developped Quite deeper. forsaken? Really good. But when i restarted two Years later it was much more Different. Witch queen brought back this light that Forsaken brought. But hey everyone has their own opinions can't argue but i loved destiny 2 since beginning despite being a Jungle too.
This video needed to be made.
This was a great video man had me laughing quite a bit
Savathuun and her Savath-poon 😏😏😏
“Put your last 2 braincells together and do something” what an amazing quote😂
That reminds me of my dog who wants to play with my neighbors cows, even though they want to end her life.
zavala bit when on for too long it became annoying but interesting video
You got me to actually listen to a sponsor ad instead of skipping it... How dare you!
thats a sick impression of zavala lmao
We're at a strange place where Destiny is arguably the best its ever been, but also the least accessible it's ever been. Means if you have been playing it since Forsaken you've got a bunch of great stuff, but if you jumped in around Beyond Light then you got shafted.
I think if bungie would allow people who own the campaigns to bring their friends who don't own it would help a lot.
The one problem with playing with friends is that you can't go back to playing alone
Arby and The Chief vibes <3
yyeeEEeeesssss
Bungie probably - If our game doesn't have a beginning or a middle, then it must have no end either.
My friend tried getting me into destiny, especially Destiny 2. He obviously loved Destiny 2 but now he's saying "God it sucks, I don't recommend it anymore"
Damn thank God I'm not the only one feeling like a big ass goof ball fumbling around Destiny 2's menu trying to figure out where to start !
Yo Actman you gonna cover Gears of war or Evil Dead the game?
Act Man should review pick-and-choose story games like Detroit: Become Human or Beyond Two Souls, maybe even Minecraft: Story Mode or The Walking Dead!
You can’t properly review the Witch Queen Campaign without playing it on Legendary. Sounds intimidating with games like halo’s legendary difficulty being extremely unforgiving. However, Destiny 2 is not a hard game and the player experience benefits massively when somewhat challenged by the world you’re introduced to.
The Fallen will continue to claw at the walls of our City unless we strike them down. Beneath the ruins of the Cosmodrome, in the shadow of an old colony ship we have located the House of Devils' Lair, and the High Servitor feeding them their strength. We must destroy this machine-god, and send their souls screaming back to hell.
This video was hilarious! Glad to see you covering more video game content :)
12:05 relatable..
That's what happens when you quit a game. You're on your own pal.
I just can't get into it.  I was disappointed at the ending of D1, and was tired of repetition of the missions or how the baddies seemed to appear.  Engrams were annoying and meaningless.  I was bored so dropped out. Unfortunately, despite your HILARIOUS Zavala imitation, it's not going to get me back into this game . . .maybe.   I mean. . .I could always fall back to MCC. . . Great video though!
do a re 7 review
Low-key one of the funniest/creative sponsorship segments I've seen in a long time 🤣
Played destiny when it came out for like 6 months str8. Got into the cloud not too long ago and recently gave destiny 2. Hella confused but shoot away baby. It's a blast. It to me is a monster hunter game that I actually want to play.
That describes my experience. No clue what is going on outside of shooting stuff, doing stupid easy stuff and then impossible missions.
Destiny 2 and Warframe need a love child.
Congratulations on a great video! 🙄 I know where you can get more than 159 free spins.Best choice.Thanks for the content. Great video! Its fun to watch. Good job.
15:02 Ah yes, the Xenoblade effect
We need more little zavala or any figure to come on in, probably my favorite part of the vid
I love D2 and I love your videos so much this was the best 😭💖
I never saw this video in my subs
Does savathun not look like moth man?
Wow, you got my like because this is exactly how I felt when I booted this game up 2 weeks ago. ALSO I was a huge StarCraft 2 guy too.
U need Datto to explain all of this 😁
I've started playing Destiny 2 about a month ago for no particular reason I just thought I'd like to play a shooter I haven't played before and it's free.  A month in I bought all but 2 expansions, settled on the warlock as a main class and amped him up to 1581 power. Got a few friends to join, some stayed, some didn't. Decided to grind the Stasis focus and main that for the turrets. I love the customisation in this game, emote's are great and I got a taste of the game's social aspect that MMO's wished they had when people added me to their friendslist just for emoting with them, or for typing in chat which is rare due to crossplay.  All in all I'm having a great time playing the game and I don't regret spending money on it however I fear that once I quit or take a longer break I can never come back because of the game's ongoing nature. Don't get me wrong it's great that content keeps coming but the fact that I know all my grinding will eventually be obsolete keeps leaving a bitter taste in my mouth every time I find a new exotic.  One of the guys who joined me but didn't stay was a returning player. He saw that you start at 1350 power now and immediately went off on us how he had to grind his ass off to reach that power level and all his stuff is worthless now and he stoped again right there.
You’ve been slacking hard as of late my dude ever since eldin ring released it really showed. Man I’ve watched your vids for about 2 and a half years now and comparing those to now, it’s clear you made your money and just want a monthly fat check it seems. Believe me I don’t take any pleasuring saying this because it really disheartens me watching your older videos to now just greed
I literally just redownloaded destiny 2 yesterday. Enoying so far
Perfect encapsulation of what destiny 2 is right now. Great video
By the way, does that part of the video with the Zavala toy remind you guys of Gmod.
Ok, so I'm a massive destiny nerd and love the game... and love act mans videos as he's obviously passionate about gaming. So I'm commenting this before watching.  Ok now the actual comment... I absolutely agree act man, the new light experience is absolutely wank and isn't very clear on what to do. The mission design of run to place and grab mission, kill and redo is fun for a while but annoying over long time. If you missed out on a massive amount of destiny content like you did, it is very confusing whats to start with... Bungie have and will always cock up... that's their charm. Grasp of avarice aka the 3 man fun content you enjoyed is a dungeon mate, they are fantastic to play. Does destiny have its issues? Yes. Do they fix these issues? Eeehhhhhhhhh eventually.  The bright engram issue... Uhhhh they still have bright engrams mate, they aren't as common and do give duplicates.
now try the raids🤠
Someone at Google: “Uh, sir. There’s a large influx of people looking up this same thing: Who is ‘Ikora’ and what’s up with her feet?”
Not gunna lie this was literally me about a week ago. Haven't played in 3 years and I was lost lol Still had fun though
Saaame
Exotics can always be upgraded, use upgrade modules. (Obtained, from Ada-1 or Banshee at the last city.)
The ONLY 2 things stopping me from playing Destiny 2 are: 1. The Terrible new player experience, i can't just hop on when i want bc then i've missed like 80 different story arcs that i need to memorize and i got no clue wtf i'm looking at or for most of the time. 2.The removal of content, i realise that they do it to keep the game low cost for memory but i got an 8TB Hard drive and i want to be able to download EVERYTHING and enjoy their previous work.
Ive tried to play Destiny 2 twice but quit a few hours in both times because i was overwhelmed and confused on what to do
I would say focus on the current season! And getting as many exotics as you can :)
Did they add moth people “no” (shows the literal moth mommy 2 seconds later)
Make a video on deep rock galactic, zanny already did.
I have played several thousand hours of this game and the only thing i really tell new players coming in is the game is a fucking mess
Destiny just has a sku bloat problem
Topic music: Play the Bithplace of the vile Strike. Once you cross the long bridge, put the music on 11
Play this game almost exclusively. It’s crazy how much content can be added to a game over the years to keep me interested. I also have a group of like 8 I play raids, Grandmaster NF, trials and all the end game stuff so it’s more competitive.   I get why people are overwhelmed it’s a crazy amount stuff going on. Especially for old players coming back. But it’s a fun game.
I had the same experience then I created a new character and there was a decent tutorial that helped me understand a little bit more
Came for the title, stayed for the Zavala impressions. Impressive Guardian.
“What do you think of destiny 2?”  *responds in 1300 hours playtime*
I started playing D2 about a month ago and tbh outside of the dlc campaigns, vanguard, and pvp it feels like there's jack shit to do aside from doing patrols and live events which are all just the same recycled things.
You perfectly explain the new light and returning player experience. It truly is a deep hole bungie has dug. I still don't know how I got my girlfriend into gaming with destiny being her first fps game. I think the only way I was able to do that was recommending she play destiny 1 first and she became captivated and interested in the world. Unfortunately she missed playing the original 3 campaigns
yeah, I uninstalled cause I didn't know what I was supposed to do playing free to play
I tried getting back into it after 3 or 4 years too, gave up pretty quickly. He's probably right about needing friends to enjoy it but I don't have too many of those who play MMO's these days.  Also what the fuck happened to my gun I got from the gambit challenge? I had to kill all 4 players during an invasion or whatever it's called when you go to the enemies side. It was a pain in the ass but I couldn't find it in my pistol list or bank at all.
Glad I’m not the only one who feels this way
Ikora feet? Omw to the vault
Welcome to hell, a hell you enjoy and cannot let go of
i usually skip ads, but walmart Zavala telling me about earbuds is pretty good.
I wouldn't worry too much about the stats and shit. Unless you're really wanting to go ham with extra cheese. I'd just focus on the little things first. Like shooting.
Act Man should definitely play Final fantasy 14
Unfortunately I feel that even though Destiny is a great game, it and Warframe have the same problem where it just doesn't teach you any of its systems in a way a new player can understand. For these games you truly do need a veteran player to join you in order to fully comprehend primarily the modding systems.
Destiny 2 is the only game I've tried several times to get into and failed, it's only happened with Destiny 2, no other game.
NGL I've been palying Destiny 2 since Forsaken released and therefore was still able to experence everything other than very nieche things (like trials of the Nine) the game ever had to offer, but the new / returning player experience at this point in the game's life cycle is just jarring.  The new light missions are a thrown together mess at best and don't really explain anything of what is currently happening in destiny and how it got to this point.  They need to find a way to streamline the "new" player experience a lot more than it currently is, since as the game is rn, you basically need to have a "veteran" explain everyting about the game, just so you can even have a chance of understanding how everything works.  They need to add things like:  a Weapons guide, explaining every weapon type, how they are used and what they are useful for + explaining everything about crafting weapons, how to unlock patterns and what the requirements to lvl said weapons are.  an Armor guide, explaining what each stat means and how they affect you, where to get stronger armor and what each mod slot means.  a Mod guide, that explains the different categories of mods, what they do and a basic overview of how to combine them.  an Ability guide, that has you using all of your main abilites for each class similar to how stasis is introduced to you in the beyond light expansion.  and most importantly an activity introduction video accessable ingame, that explains what every node in Orbit means, how to get where you want to go, where to find your missions and seasonal stuff, the fact that there is a quest archive where you can re pickup quests / missions you dismanteled and most importantly for people who want to dip their toes into harder content, what champions are, how to deal with them and where to expect them / also teaching people what modifiers are.  Man there's a shit ton of things you need to know about this game when looking at this list, specifically when you keep in mind, that this is a very basic list that doesn't even cover things like buff stacking, weapon perks, Adept and Artifice loot and plentitude of different things I just forgot about at this moment.
I feel bad for new players because they always get lost but end up loving the game
"You drive a hard bargain, five guns, that's my final offer...." XD
The skit at 8:09 is life!
I got the same problem with warframe , didn’t know what to do or where to go
It’s awesome how destiny is still so big
Bright engrams are still here
You just follow the biggest marker, it takes you to campaign you want to do, or you can open the quest tab, and read it, and choose what you want to do, and if you play the game you only have popups that tell you what is going on this week, but the new player expirience is truly terrible
I tried to get back to D2 during late spring/early summer of 2020 being lockdown and it felt terrible to try and grind and upgrade everything. I can’t even imagine 2 years after that.
Not even petra venj nudes? Ikoras feet really? Zavala really has no taste
eh glimmer always has been the main currency, what do you mean? Also holy fuck look at that mouse sensitivity what the hell boi!
Oh new user experiance is pretty shitty in this kind of game like Warframe.The content piles up and the game becomes confusing.
Hey make a new cyberpunk video. I want your opinion if they have redeemed themself.
i tired to go back in after not playing for a long time and all the notifications on just freaked me out and it looked like a chore list
C tier game
I just picked it up last month after 10 seasons, I'm so lost 😭 I spent a week grinding light up, only to goto the pirate cove and find out I can get instant 1540...  Know what I'll just run crucible.
Just when I started playing the game he makes this video
Zavala singing
Thats why i never got into Destiny 2 when it was buy to play you either buy it or go play Warframe and thats why i have over 950 hours on Warframe. I tried Destiny 2 when it went F2P I tried it on 5 diffrent occations either i get bored really fast because none of my friends want to play with me or i am so lost and dont know what to do i get frustrated and just uninstall.
With THE WITCH QUEEN ist Destiny in the best shape ever ..... and  the best time to start play it, or playing again.
Dont fall for it Act Man Destiny started the unfinished game at launch but fix it later trend.
What you want to play and learn to what to do wtf you in cell how dare you care about linear progression
you really needed that vacation for aaaaall of your "hard" work as a YouTuber.
This is the best raycon commercial 😂
14:18 "I think I saw a floating cabal only once and that's the only glitch I've encountered."   Telesto be like: *Am I a joke to you?*
This is Destiny 1 is the perfect Destiny game. I gave up on Destiny 2 or Destiny in general ever since they started removing content. And the game now is so confusing I can't even keep up with it. And plus you can't grind to accomplish something they just give you everything instead of owning.
400 hours played and my experience never actually got better. Honestly, it got worse as Bungie kept putting a price on playing more of their so called, "Free to Play", game I've quit after roughly a month into Season of the Worth. Every decision made in that season was just trash and showed me what Bugie thought of my time. I checked into the game sometime after  whateverthefuck that one expansion was called that was used as an excuse to remove all the content I payed for and gamepass won't be covering future expansions. The game is an uninspired cash grab overall. The only reason why most people have actual fun is due to their friends, like with BF 2042.
One of the funniest ad reads I wasn't expecting hahaha
I started Destiny 2 and was SOO bored I was actually falling asleep.
if you want to see a stream of this game as gameplay you see always fireteam on orbit doing nothing, talking shit
Just because you you left your recent spouse because she became a lazy money hungry scumbag DOES NOT mean you should go back to your previous extremely toxic ex who currently worships at the altar of child mutilation and sacrifice.
I downloaded Destiny 2 last month as soon as I seen the objectives and world map I instantly stopped playing
no bitches for 4+ years
I have to say, seeing you play amorous would be cursed.
Damn he doesn't know what Gambit is that's fucked.....
This video has a lot of effort put into it, I hope you are feeling reinvigorated from the vacation. ☀ Good shit Mr. Act!
"...will fit in the ears of any guardian." What about... HIVE GUARDIANS?!?!?
The legendary mode for the campaign is a godsend
Day 1 requesting actman to review skyrim
Definitely looking forward to more Destiny 2!
You have a hilarious fireteam my friend. 😂 I'm playing Destiny since 2015 so I'm not that lost, but sadly the New Light experience is very bad. Being a new player or even a returning player is not easy. Lot of people leave the game because of this. (And this is after they improved the New Light experience😅) There is a LOT of problem with Destiny, but still it is a unique game. Thank for the video, great work! Eyes up Guardian. o/
Guardiiiiiaaaaaan...
"Ain't nobody got storage for that" Meanwhile we have several terabytes of space. Bungie, I think you can go a little more wild, you can get terabytes of storage even on HDDs for cheap. The average SSD seems to come with 1-2 TB and even they're relatively cheap now. Let me use my ship in space already instead of just watching it on a loading screen.  Edit: Also, BRING BACK SPARROW RACING.
I recently got back into Destiny, I’m loving the dungeons 🎉
I've spent months of research, years of playing and I still can't tell you EVERYTHING. Lol.
Hrllo Act Man. For a worthwile game, have you heard or watched Return of the Obra Dinn? If not playing it/rewieving it, at least watch a gameplay of it. Although playing it would be way more rewarding.
The game engine works, clearly act man hasn’t looked up telesto glitch💀
Bringing back some long dormant Arby And The Chief memories with that first part
The Zavala impression got me laughing way too much than I should it's dumb but it's funny really funny😅
Yeah, I remember stopping at forsaken and came back during the end of Beyond Light, man I was so confused.   I was also upset with the old content being gone, anyhow after a few friends joined in and got lost with me- we found our ways to understand what was going on. The new lore is what really kept me on it, besides the subclasses and armor.
Act Man confirmed to give YongYea a run for voice acting skills.
Bro let me tell you I hopped in destiny’s 2 brand new knowing nothing about it lmao they threw the kitchen sink at me with content and planets lol I felt I needed to do homework to understand what the fuck was going on lol
would you kindly review Bioshock 2?
Earfun 2s sound waaay better and are $45 on Amazon. Yeet
Oh i know first hand about the shit on the bottom of the screen not going away. In the Enclave it keeps telling me to reshape my enigma .... Ive already reshaped my enigma... WHY bungie just why. But that is truly my only complaint. Ive gotten THOUSANDS of hours out of Destiny. I mean what other game holds competitions for their raids that can reward you IRL items. I have 2 Day one raid jackets from GoS and DSC. Its a game that does require alot of attention to stay up to date with but it also can be quite quick to catch up as well if you take a break.
Locking away content is the main reason I dropped that thing. It's a shotgun to the foot.
If you ever do the raid Vault of Glass thre is a pretty fun stealth encounter
i love the Raycon ad but at the same time that was the cringiest thing i have ever saw
Ima be real. Bungie is almost greedier than Activision. Can't stand this games overpriced DLC business model but also the sheer disrespect of legacy players from day 1. Theg're treated like F2P players.
I agree. I had fun playing it a few years ago but found it very overwhelming at times. The armour stats was just overly complicated for example. I may re-download though and give it another go.
The Zavala impressions are so fucking spot on. Flanderized Zavala through Destiny memes is best zavala.
3:01 You did not just fucking Ray William Johnson transition me. You did not. You can't do that.  YOU CAN'T
It's been years since I've heard of Destiny or its sequel. I remember my brother was so into that franchise that he wanted me to play it and I refused because it looked generic as fuck
dead rising 2 pause menu music in the back 10:13
Another really fun hardcore coop shooter is GTFO. It's hard as fuck but if you have a group of good friends it's incredibly fun and I highly recommend it. Not at all like Destiny 2 but still.
DEstiny 2 is awful to start playing but once you get deep into it its incredible. That is my experience. I started at the launch of beyond light and thankfully had a bunch of people to help me figure it out but I gave up on following the story. I mean I learned the spark notes version of the story but since then I kinda just half listen to it.
Play it with zanny
video tutorials.. what idiots cant comprehend written texts telling you things.
STAY VIGILANT GUARDIAN!
God bless heal and forgive you
3 words new light campaign
Why am I just now seeing this video and it’s two days old?
I quite like moden destiny 2 ^.^
definitely gotta try a raid either kings fall or vow of the disciple thats where this game really shines
I was a hard-core destiny one and two player for a time. After things got stale like two years ago maybe three years ago fuck maybe four years ago I don’t remember. I stopped playing for a couple years. This most recent expansion was being shouted to high heaven as a returning destiny to former glories. So I played and I did enjoy it and had lots of fun but once I got to the end game like the real endgame wear if you want the best stuff and the real experience you need at least six other people to play with. At minimum. And unfortunately unless  You have a group to play with, if you don’t play new contact that requires 3 to6 people like immediately, you get left behind. The first week or two you can get lucky and people will carry you or teach you what you got to do to beat a dungeon or a raid. But if you miss that window, good fucking luck, unless you have a group of friends, using different apps to find groups unless you get extremely lucky nobody will invite you to their group or if they get grouped with you, the moment they realize you’re not a fucking expert they will just leave. It’s incredibly disheartening. This happened to me and as soon as it happened my heart just sank and I realized I couldn’t play this game anymore and I wasn’t gonna waste my time.
Act man should play ultrakill
Destiny 2 the definition of a game held back by a studio that doesn't give a shit about it or it's players... I'd love to water board bungie until we get the game destiny should be.
Me too!!! Lmao
I finally gave Destiny 2 a try when they added it to Gamepass alongside the new expansion a year or two ago. It was definitely confusing as to what to do at first, but I enjoyed my time with it despite not giving af about the story bits. Absolutely gorgeous on Series X in 60fps for sure.
"cool transition"  jesus that brings me back holy shit what a callback
Fucking love destiny. Been playing since D1, video game fentanyl at its finest LOL
sunsetting killed this game
Damn, Papa ZuZu had me watching an ad well played guardian.
its a trash game that makes all your past 100 dollar dlc you purchase obsolete every yr so yeah.... FK THAT GAME!!!!!!
Man you make 20 minutes fly by. So entertaining, thank you Act Man! 😂
10:05 for reasons over these past months I've given this channel a firm cold shoulder, holy hell you guys are funnny
Me! except returning to destiny 1 realizing I left before i could buy rise of iron and the crucible is just a paywall
I’m intrigued what’s femboy besties
As a new player I got no fuckin clue what the story is. I just chuck Void bombs and shoot
ngl... this vid deserves to get like a billion views because he is describing the Destine 2 Experience to the very letter of that absurdly complex but zero information providing game.....
tbh when i tried it i couldn't get passed the controls, they just felt too awkward to me
As zanny once said coming back to destiny 2 is like d day
Whoever is doing the zavala voice is hilarious
If you ever need an accurate Zavalla voice. I've been practicing him for years. I would never charge for it; I'd be happy just recording stupid lines as Zavalla.  That said, you did good, and that made this funny as fuck.
My largest issue with the game is how much it costs to participate.  $40 for the new DLC, 30 for last DLC, $10 every view months over and over and over. Downright insult to the "Free to play" tag
Hey thanks for making this, it's nice to have a kind of unbiased peek back into the game. I'm always quietly curious how things are over there. I quit the game shorty before the expansion that came after Shadowkeep (which I honestly cannot remember the name of at the moment). And I liked the core gameplay but my friend group was falling off the game because the light level increases were getting hard to keep up with for our casual pace (i.e. play like 6-8 hours a week). Then they started talking about vaulting content (that we payed for) and all the sunsetting nonsense and that was the last straw for me.
Love the video dude, could you touch on pvp more? If you even count it at this point lol
Forge Ahead is such a great song. Thanks for including it!
Welcome back to hell, brother.
Wasted $240 on this game trying to like it. Had a little fun but in hindsight it’s dog water, always has been always will be
Some months back I decided to get into Destiny 2. Had a ton of fun in the very beginning,  but then it got overwhelming, fast. There was too much to do, little instructions, I found myself grinding for things I had no idea what they were. Day 6, I was done. Oh don't get me started on the connection issues.
Ok Zavala needs to be in more videos. He's now a staple
Fr tho, the cybertron series is a must play
The Blink 182 part got me dying lmao
I wonder what is like to play D1 now?
destiny is a good game but it definitely has its own issues and one of them is that at this point in time the game is just not new/returning player friendly. they really need to do something about it. I'd like to see destiny be more straight forward for new/returning players, hopefully before lightfall drops
This game sucks.
I had to stop playing this game. Got in back in November and was addicted for months.
Problem is that friends were either in the camp of "fuck this game" or "EVERYTHING DESTINY ALL THE TIME!!! URRUAGGGHH!" (Seriously know a dude with 10000 hours in 2 games) so there was no avenue to learn the game or have fun. No one wants to raid since its a timesink and they know it by heart, so fuck that, and if you havent soloed your daily you were a paraiah. Randos be damned
Ok, your impersonation of Zavala was ace XD
The MOST annoying thing is getting ZERO direction on how to do ANY of the raids. Why do i have to watch a youtube video to know how to play the dlc content? Fucking wack!
I returned 5 years later
4 years since playing destiny is a long time, but not reviewing Metro 2033 is unforgivable.
Year 1 was the only time D2 was fun the whole way through. Anyone who tries to say Y2+ is anything but a sadistic downgrade fetishizes their own suffering.
We gotta see the act man Slay the taken king!!!
Looks like Destiny 2 has been Warframified
love the "arby n' the chief" cutaways
Femboy Besties isn't worth your time  Trust me
THE NUMMBERRS! What ARE THEY SAYING!!!!  Had me dying 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I enjoyed destiny until bungie took over the game. They took out a massive chunk of story which makes their current story nonsensical unless you knew what the story used to be. I played shadow keep and them removing PAID content with no way to access it it really rubbed me the wrong way especially since the expansions you really have to buy twice. Once for the expansion itself, and one for the seasonal content which you have to continue to pay for to stay relevant late game
You should play The Banner Saga. Its former BioWare developers take on XCOM and Oregon Trail. Sooo goood
Holy shit that Zavala sponsor and following intro was straight FIRE
I’m really hoping the the new “Guardian Rank” system they announced for Lightfall will do a lot to resolve the new player experience. Because… hahaha, wow, I have to hold my friend’s hands so much. Thanks Bungie. @_@  (Also, trust me, that 1540 chest is a godsend, it just removed hours of aimless grinding)
You should try enlisted (idk if you have made a vid on it) if you haven’t you should play it and make a video on it
I tried destiny 2 again about a week ago I played for 10 minutes and deleted it
im begging you to play terraria (and calamity)
I dont get why people are evening playing this game... Maybe cuz its free to play? Didnt you people learn your lesson after the first destiny? Guess not... Cant wait for the shitshow reviews when destiny 3 and 4 release..
Ohh good i wasnt the only 1 that was like wtf am i supposed to do  Every quest i was doing ended with sending me to go buy stuff.  Amd the game hasnt shown me that it was interesting enough for me to buy things
All destiny 2 is is a cash grab, I shouldn't have to spend over 100 dollars to get access to the main story of a free game. Anthem for life
For the love of god give us a timeframe on the femboi besties episode
game looks cool, to bad everything is gated behind fucking mtx/dlc/shop bullshit
Jokes on you blizzard completely changed diablo 2 remastered after saying they wouldn't
If you liked the grasp of avarice dungeon (ie the loot cave). Check out Prophecy, Duality, Pit of Heresy, and Shattered Throne. These all called dungeons and they are some of the best content imo.
D2 is the store first, game second
Foreskin gaming     Foreskin gaming
I also jumped back into this recently and been stuck playing since.
I am forgotten from D1
what a cop out "its fun with friends" okay my friends arent always online its needs to be fun without friends. or it isnt fun, being demonetized turned act man into a normie
I wanted to return but none of my friends online wanted to. Over Halo Infinite and that's all they still want to play cause they're halo fanboys and get mad at me when I complain about glitches and lagging.
I started playing about a year ago after my friends begged me. I just took my time and fooled around in free roam for a long time, but now pretty much all I do is make different builds for me and my friends. The build crafting in this game is probably my favorite out of any game I've ever played.
Worse game known to man, don't play it, 10/10 150$ for a weapon will spend again
Only actman can make me wanna play a game I haven’t played in 4 years either
Casually one manning Zavala's Booty
Destiny is more halo than halo infinite
When you heard about feature bloat in game development school, and thought it was a good thing...Destiny 2.
It certainly does look pretty, I'll give it that.  The way the story is presented makes very little sense if you haven't been keeping up from the very beginning. The power level system and how it actually works is ridiculously obtuse, but the gameplay is quite nice.
Guardian that act mussy is looking very good today
I haven’t played since taken king 😂
One of my friends who's never played Destiny started not to long ago and figured out the games story, mechanics, modes, currency, etc in about an hour so I don't see the problem here
D2 trials carry anyone ???? TrialsBoost#7546
I bought destiny 2 when it first came out and I liked it, and then I just stoped playing it right before the second expansion released, and then I returned with the moon update or whatever that expansion was and I was confused. I think Shadowkeep was the moon expansion.
If a game is more fun with friends, you have to consider how much fun they bring on their own.
Thats a pretty good Lance Redick voice lol
Dude I’ve been a Destiny slave since beta of D1 and FUCKKK it’s so bad for new players. I’m so sorry man. I mean it’s also pretty bad for returning players lol
my tweet made it into the video lol
Tried to go back, couldnt make any sense of the story, everthing was under a paywall, decided to uninstall...what a shame, had around 2000 hours on D1 lol.
4:40 ad over
“I shoot, therefore I am” absolutely killed me
I am in the same boat.  I hadn’t played Destiny 2 in at least 4 years so a couple years ago completely went through the original Destiny on PS4 again (Same as it ever was) then put on Destiny 2 and was confused.  When I got a PS5 this past Christmas I put it back on and was very happy with the frame rate/resolution upgrades but was even more confused.  It’s a bit much which is a shame because I really used to love both games.  Perhaps I’ll give it a go again this weekend?
You should play Hades
Destiny is a big example of a game REQUIRING a heavy time commitment. Especially with the lack of new player experience, playing the game alone is borderline impossible
I preordered D2 on launch for $100 and got the main game with the first 2 expansions, then preordered forsaken + expansions for another $100, after that I fell off the game for a year, picked it back up a bit before witch queen and found a game with almost nothing familiar to when I first played, I really wanna like the game but the marketing and paywalls creates a barrier
I have tried a couple times to get into Destiny 2 within the last couple years and I just can't because all the old zones and questlines I remember are gone and apparently never coming back. As mentioned in this video, I get *why* they did it, but it's still annoying and it leaves some weird plot holes.  Like, new players apparently would never actually meet Zevala. You just go and speak to him and the others (minus Cayde) as if you know who they are. It feels like the game as it is now throws players into the middle of a story.  So without a story hook (at least that I got) until some end-game raid storylines, coupled with the annoying MTX aspects, and it just feels like a mess and that I'd rather just play something else.
I liked warmind love Mars and yeah it’s story was a lacking but I liked it nonetheless had fun with it but recently since shadowkeep maybe even forsaken it’s gotten better
10:08 "I shoot, there for I am."
100 points right off the bat for the Jack Krauser reference!
😌🫴🏻  You want to eat out of my hand deer? I don’t see anyone else holding feed in there hands 😠
I still cant get passed only having a fireteam of 3, like did bungie really think all gamers just have no friends? its super limiting when you're a group of 4 so you have to tell your 4th wheel to fuck off and go play something else. one of the biggest reasons why i'll never go back to this game.
If Bungie gaslights you over this video....
mw2 when ?
I have a sneaking suspicion that Act Man is a connoisseur of the bussy.
I went into another dimension when i heard that =3 jingle/tune
I never noticed how hard it was for newcomers because I've been playing this franchise non stop for 8 years now.
Reminds me of when I tried Elder Scrolls Online, and it immediately shoves you into one of the expansions.  I asked other players how to get to the *beginning* of the story, and was always met with "why would you wanna do that?"  If I can't access the base game that I paid for, that's an instant refund from me.
To the old yt heads like myself...what was that cool transition from? who used it back in the day on his daily videos? Give u a hint.... He is a yt OG he was on top of YT for a long time...... Ray Williams Johnson and =3 show. Nice video The Act Man Btw Zavala was great!!!!!!
I tried so hard to like this game, and I enjoyed it for over a year with my boyfriend and several raid teams, but after having all of my gear made worthless twice and being unable to play the original content that I enjoyed thoroughly, I had enough. Most gamers I know will play a game for maybe a few weeks, then drop it and move on to something else for a while to avoid burning out. This game punishes you for doing that. If you drop the game for even a week, you miss out on vital content and are stuck with "Welp, you should've been there." It is for that reason that I put games such as swtor above Destiny 2 despite its vastly superior graphics and gameplay. Swtor has the same content it had since late 2011 with minor graphical updates here and there. Swtor has a very optional subscription you can buy which grants you some emotes and a few other things. Destiny on the other hand makes you re-buy the game with every expansion and takes away everything that got you interested in it when you first bought it. If you stop playing Destiny 2 for even a week, you are completely lost in the story when you come back.  (End of rant)
Love the comedy side of your videos! Thank you sir!
The one downfall to "waiting until it gets better."  When it DOES get better, but you have to have been there from the start to enjoy it.  I'm still mad Bungie deleted all the single player content RIGHT as I was looking to jump in.  "The story's done, no one plays it anymore."  Bro, I wanted to play it.  Now I don't get to enjoy Cayde-6 until they open the "vault" or whatever.
Action figure Zavala reminding me of Arby n the Chief
They are revamping the new player experience during Lightfall, so February 2023
Skill Issue
bungie might hire ACTMAN AS new voice act zavalar :VVVVVVV
just got back into it as well. So terrible for returning/new players. Also the pvp in Destiny is a complete joke
Hands down the best sponsor video for raycon I've ever seen!
Yeah I highly doubt you would continue to play it if it weren't for friends.
surface lvl, Destiny 2 is bad for returning players, good for new players, great for old players wanting to do actual builds that can do harder difficulty.  There no hand holding, and that is good.
Thank you Act Man  Great content I do enjoy destiny 2 for the events solo or with friends. It's how it should be played, now about that other mission 🤣🤣
‘I dipped my toes into Foreskin’ 😂
I call this game Disgustiny.
As sumone that played the game year 1 then tried to hop back into the game several months ago but git completely lost and felt soo underwhelmed I had to just drop the game
u rly should play hades tho
I still really wanna see Act Man make a video on Borderlands 2 and how it's completely perfect
He acknowledged the Transformers game comments :)
Seems like the best part of this game is mocking it with your friends
Aight, well played with the Savathussy💀...
I played Destiny 2 again back in season 15 and I left the game in season 10. 5 whole seasons passed since I forgot what Destiny 2 was like. When I came back, I saw that (for a returning player perspective) everything was almost completely change. all the new perks and weapons meta got me in the grind again. I have been an MMO player for around 5 years since I discover some of this game thanks to a friend so I know what I was getting into when I decided to play again. I haven’t stop playing Destiny 2 since my comeback mostly because of friends and seasonal content which I really enjoy.
I'm gonna be honest: I am one of those who do not think D2 looks at all interesting. It looks like a bland Halo/FF copy.
"How many currency's can one game have" I see you haven't played guild wars 2 where your currency's have currency's....
I'm surprised the Act Maler didn't play together with Zanney who like a Destiny 2-God by this point!
😂😂😂
Ngl, off topic from the whole video that honestly was the cleanest transition from a skit to a promo I've seen in a long time.  Gave me a scriptboner
foreskin gaming moment
11:24 Destiny 2 is now suffering from what Warframe has spend 5 years trying to fix with their game and has only recently begun to be resolved.
Nice Tan
This review is so inaccurate. It’s just sad.
I just returned. My gear was totally garbage. I got no pointers on what to do and my mates just told me to make a new chraracter. My new chraracter starts with hell of a lott better gear then my character from 2016, 17? But my god wtf.  But my problem then as now is how incredibly boring the loot is.  Either bungie thinks we are stupid or they do not get what makes borderlands, diablo, poe etc loot fun.  Random stats ffs. Its a shooter, high sci-fi fantasy and the Guns are this boring? HOW!  No random projectile differences. Payload or reason to pick one over another. Exept power lever and 1 or 2 traits? That is it? That is what their imagination came up with?  I want to love this game, i love looters and LOVE shooters. But the loot is so bad that I feel no itch to work for it.
Geez Halo goes down in the dude acts like a deer in headlights around other games
I know you'd LOVE gears of war
Bro was that "Cool Transition" from Ray William Johnson 😆 what a throwback!
Respect to the person that recommended the cybertron series
My man is missing out on the God Tier Lore.
Destiny has never been able to hold my interest, long term. Everything 8n the game just felt super time consuming, for little reward.
"Have they added moth people yet? No?" Yes yes they did but it's only one big moth. But also there are bugs(not the six legged type, the technical bullshit type), annoying ones, you just need to play more to find them like the fucking bells in Duality they still haven't fixed.
9:38 better that than the jar
"I shoot, therefore, I am." I'm gonna need to commission a new t-shirt design, Acting Male.
I was not expecting a Ray William Johnson reference, Act Man. Way to make me feel ancient! Great video as always
Hey man if you're looking for a good looter shooter id recommend giving "The Division" a try, the first one not the awful sequel. Its still holds up incredibly well and its still accessible, at least more than destiny 2. its also a real looter shooter, you shoot looters or or people who are rioting during a pandirmimc. Great game. Recommend Watch dogs, Kane and Lynch 1 & 2, and Condemned 1 & 2. All extremely underrated if you ask the right people, it costs a lot but there are in fact people on the streets who have incredible forbidden knowledge about many things, good games included. Also beat RDR already man its a great campaign and it doesn't take all that long as long as you aren't fucking around. All those games are better than all the asinine bull shizan shoved down our mouths these days.
Savathussy 😂😂😂😂😂
When will you review that femboy game?
I completely agree the destiny is a fking jumbled ball of mechanics and fetures, but it really is a great game......if you can untangle it. Idk if you saw any of the news from the lightfall reveal but it seems like they are going to try and fix that with a new player experience and direction for new and old players. It probably wont be perfect but any kind of direction will help peoppe sort this thing out  Also the loot cave you described is a dungeon. They are literally mini dungeons and they're great especially since bungie is making more and more of them. Also you touched on it, but everyone kind of unanimously agrees the witch queen on legendary is the right kind of difficulty tuning since it literly stops you from over leveling and all the encounters are specifically tuned since they know youll be at a certain level. Because ya light level can make certain activities trivial, thats why some of the more fun activities have a power cap attached to them.
PLAY S.T.A.L.K.E.R. GOD DAMNIT
I quit destiny 2 around 2020-2021 because I just couldn't keep up with everything alongside this being the only game I would play. I might try it out again....eventually 😂
I mean it literally launches you into the witch queen campaign, which is what you should do first. Beyond that, it takes about 10 minutes of googling or YouTube to figure out what activities you should do.
Solo Destiny player here. I just do my seasons quests each week, then play whatever game mode I feel like playing. Not worrying about what Destiny wants me to do. My favorite mode is PVP so every month I get to play Iron Banner and I love it, and I never do raids unless one of my old high school buddy gets online and needs an extra for his raid team. Lol 😂  I love Destiny 2, but I cannot wait for this journey to be over.
I would get back into the game but with all the new stuff I don't think I'll be able to catch up with everyone
God of war review
best sponsor section ive ever seen in any video ever
I just wished bungie and cod games had as much innovation as you're videos have 😂😂😂
Idk. I miss games having an ending. Like you can't beat or lose at games like this. No lives limit and no actual end to the game. Just endless grind. Far too common these days. I actually miss losing and having to start all over from the beginning...
I always played Destiny 2 with at least one friend, i am/was really enjoying this game tho I dont play it very often anymore!!
1:20 I agree with that Wizard guy  Hot tub stream when, Actman?
One of the main weaknesses of games with TONS of content is when returning/new players start up, it's super overwhelming and there isn't much in the way of tutorials unless a youtuber makes them. Path of Exile, Warframe, and Destiny all have this issue due to the fact that as more content is added, the more hurdles are added to keep players from progressing too fast, but at the same time the companies want the new/returning players to have access to the new content ASAP so they can unload their wallets into the game, so the new content is smashed into the player's face as soon as they load up rather than having them progress through the game like others did in the past.   I can only imagine being a dev and having to juggle between the new player experience and having to appease long time veterans of the game, so for any devs of games like this who read this - you have my empathy when it comes to having to do that kind of balancing.
Ayooo forskin 😳
When I was a kid I got this from my dad on my birthday and I thought it was just destiny 1 with different content
Great video. I was in the same spot a few months ago. Ultimately I'll go back again and again on ocassion but I prefer The Division 2, but I'm more of a pve player.
PLEASE consider using toys more often! I was shitting myself laughing and I haven't even ever played Destiny
i know it's a dumb question but have you played tlou 2
how did you get Keith David to be in your video?? tf...
Is this a Warframe knockoff?
As someone who played through Red War and all subsequent expansion and the later seasons, my main reason to play the game is the story and the transmog, the visuals as you said are amazing as well, these 3 things make the game for me. Sure raiding with my clan is fun but thats just side content. I never found the gameplay to have any issues or the level design, because the story is just so good.
Ive been playing a lot of Gajin Enlisted, ww2 shooter....ehh, free to play (Kanye shrugs)
hated how they removed old content. i wanted to come back and play through forsaken so i can see HOW things played out for cayde  was so mad when they removed the old stuff
I'd like to hear you thoughts on the game "Warframe". It's FTP on all platforms. 10+ years later and Warframe is still a great game.
🙄 *-1* *Don't recommend channel*  Just some YouTube engagement 😏
damn i bounced off D2 year ago.....
Still my favorite game
Personally, I get bored of the game quite quickly, likely because I play solo. That was mostly because every time I picked it up I couldn’t find anything to do, couldn’t tell what all the mechanics were for, or just got tired of grinding for an hour just to level up the light level of my helmet, knowing it won’t matter next season anyway. Guess I was just doing it wrong?
Live service games be like that, pay to win or grind till you catch up. MISS ME
Review actually begins at 6:00
Man went above and beyond for that sponsor segue.
Best game out there once you get accustomed to how the hamster wheel rotates.
You should get lightfall you get a grapple hook to swing everywhere with
If I'm remembering correctly the "vaulted" content got removed because those older parts of the game began breaking beyond repair as the newer content got released, so Bungie just decided to surgically remove them to take out the broken parts.
This was funny Screech.
You're picky but you play Call of Duty??? Uhh...not picky enough.
I loved the Zavala impressions! Please more, fast  more, more more? More. 🏔 🦆
That was a great sponsor video segment
Wow...so uhh.. Destiny is your rebound chicken. Good for you buddy👍🏽
Alright, Zavala singing Blink-182 fucking KILLED me. This is content. And as an avid Destiny player, I am 100% with you with regards to the new player experience. I've had friends tell me if I wasn't there helping them through the initial stages of the game, they would've quit long before they got to the good stuff. Hopefully the guardian rank system they're adding next year will help to alleviate that
Dude you missed out on Forsaken 😂😭😂     The game has changed to help get new players up to scratch, you were literally diving into content for more regular players hence it bombarding you with notifications etc... If you think you can hack it stay in there and try everything, it's better with friends but there are a lot of content you can solo. May the light guide you guardian ✌️🏻
But its a good game
i've been playing regularly since about 2018. I've recruited about 17 people to the game. I have destroyed so many lives....
ActMan and Blue-man's dynamic reminds me of Clement and his Eggman plush(?) in his 06 review
RIP to the Futurama Mobile puzzle game 😢
I could never see myself ever playing Destiny. As soon as I saw the original E3 gameplay for Destiny 1 and that they were essentially going for some low rent borderlands shit I was out instantly.
Please. Finish the witch queen. I must know you opinions on the final boss
Also, I think I speak for the community when I say we would love to see you run king's fall, or some sort of raid.
I mean, Savathun is kind of a mothwoman...
Same here, don't know what's going on,just follow quest lines and shoot stuff lol
The way you move the Zavala figurine reminds me so much of TEAM AMERICA WORLD POLICE.
17:03 *Repetitive
what a fucking Raycon segway
I got Arby and the Chief nostalgia watching this 😂🤣
Actually the engine is garbage. That's why they had to sunset stuff because their engine is so bad that when they need to test something and just change 1 tiny little thing, they game takes over 24 hours to update so they can test it. At least that how it was a few years ago and the reason for dropping the old content (that people paid for!) was to help lower that time overall on their end.
It’s all the same enemies and missions.
Man I thought I was the only one who was lost… I reinstalled to play after 2 years and upon returning I was completely lost and overwhelmed. After maybe an hour and a half of failing to try and figure out how to start the campaign from the very beginning I just uninstalled again.
Is this game worth playing for a completely new player not planning on buying the expansions?
Game is garbage
...i havent stopped playing the game since the launch D1. i may have an issue
All this complicated & anti-beginner crap will get me to not play Destiny at all.  Never even played the first game. Trying to navigate the game & figure things out is an absolute nightmare & they force you to become addicted to it once you do get into it.
Can't brute force? On the puzzle you showed you can shoot a rocket and insta-clear it and move on.
Using Raycons to watch this vid man, thanks Raycon everyday earbuds
Destiny has to be the absolute worst game for beginners of all time!  Why do games have to be extremely complicated nowadays? That's why I hate PC games.
Definitely need to fix the new light experience, but after you get past that point it’s a solid fun game. When I started I was unsure about it until I did a raid, vault of glass, I was so hooked I bought every expansion to date. I perfer it to most shooters now, it has that nice blend in my opinion
It was kind of a bummer. My partner and I decided to give this ago a month or so ago. We got through the pop messages, then the tutorial/starter area. Got to the tower.   It then sent us to an ice world and we were told we couldn't progress without paying for the latest expansion. We were told everything was free upto that but couldn't figure it out at the time so we just stopped playing.  Later found out we could go through SOME of the older stuff but that most was gone and we were never going to experience the whole shebang.   Totally turned us off.
Shit like this is exactly why I was unable to turn friends onto my addiction. Even when everything was free on Gamepass. It was so convoluted, they all gave up 😆
please review GUN  GUN NEEDS TO BE REMEMBERED
They did add moth people! The Witch Queen herself!
This video was me when I loaded it up 1 year later. I was like wtf is all this shit.  So damn lost with all the damn menus and overlays
ngl that raycon earbuds ad hook with zavala was genius
The bits with Zavala had me rolling
one of my favorite games, you could say I have an addiction to it
I shoot, therefore I am. Lol
Grasp of Avarice is, in my opinion, the best dungeon that Bungie has made yet, but they have yet to one-up Grasp of Avarice.
"Guardian, it appears that I have shit my pants. Please going to my office, and get me a new pair."  *Objectives updated:*
Hey act man, you should consider reviewing Iron Harvest 1920+
It’s definitely fun. Still yet to do raids but playing with my long time friend is worth playing this game.
The sponsored portion of the video was so good I actually watched the whole thing 😂
Man what a smooth transition into the sponsorship well done
Yeah as a returning player it's extremely fucking hard to catch up, new lights have it slightly easier because they have missions that introduce them to the tower and some core activities. But once you get a groove on its actually a really enjoyable game, if you pay for the expansions that is
Game is still woefully boring, sorry.
Game feels the same as it always has, but i hate the new experience, it actually pushed an old player like me away, i hated being overwhelmed with millions of things to do and no clear path to go foward. its like you start the game at end game and it makes me feel like i have nothing left to do but pointless tasks. I LIKE starting at lvl 1, i LIKE leveling up and gaining new gear and completing missions to unlock other missions, its progression, its progression i'm used to in pretty much all games, the fact you start with....everything unlocked, made me feel complete, so i left, uninstalled and haven't come back. Overall, game feels messy, overwhelming and doesn't pull me in due to the mass of quests to do.
#RelaxWithTheSun Like, Subscribe, Share #VoiceArtWithZae https://youtu.be/BXNba0VuevU
i finally made so good soft. thanks ❤
The 1540 gear was there to catch you up for the latest season so you can level up to powerfuls for the new... returning raid.
Okay love the fact that you used the old =3 transition lol
You know? The Act Man really should go back to more games. And I don’t mean like really old games or anything like that. I mean games that have changed a lot sense he last played them, or have gotten better. Like I’d actually LOVE to see him go back to CyberPunk 2077. I’ve personally never played the game, so I won’t give my thoughts. But I’ve heard that the game is actually really good now and has had some great updates that made the hub world feel more alive and fixed almost all of the glitches. I don’t know about anyone else but I think this would be really cool.
Nah I'm good. I'll stick with Gundam Evolution.
Love this fun*kin game!
Dude, I’m a veteran player, and sometimes just from season to season I get lost because it changes every few months lol Tbh, my main problem with this game is that a lot of the stuff I’d actually WANT to chase is well…locked behind Eververse, so..yeah lol And I really dont want to pay for content that came with content that I already paid for. Oh, and Champions. They can pound sand. They literally ruin any and all build freedom. The content vaulting is a whole issue on its own. But apparently they’re working on the engine to bring it back all back. I give it 4 years…Overall it’s a fantastic game, it just has a lot of smaller issues, that when compounded, make a mess of everything and end up hindering you to the point that it becomes impossible to not notice. I only complain because the game has so much more potential, it’s just not there yet. That’s the irritating part.
To all my non-iranian friends, we stood by Ukraine, we stood by Afganistan, we stood by black lives matter, we reacted and stood up against all the cruelties in the world, it’s time for you to stand by us. Share what’s happening in iran. Be our voice
"You coulda always make another video on... Halo Infinite."   "NO. I'll play."   I love Halo and have never played Destiny but after seeing this video, I might give it a try.
This is basically exactly how i felt trying to play this recently, it's insane lmao.
Biggest problem with Destiny was that it REQUIRED team play.  It was impossible without playing with people.  At least make some AI options to pair with on raids.  Even if the AI sucked at least I would have the chance to think I could carry.
What is he trying to AVGN skits now?
I love how yours and your friends Zavala impressions slowly devolved into Zapp Brannigan. 😂🤣
Cool
I will never forgive this game after they shelved all my expansions I paid good money for. Been gaming my whole life and I've never had an active gave shelve it's content away.
This game costs less than a pack of gum these days.
Played d2 for Al my ps4 lifetime 😂
This was funny. Thanks
You gotta play some Dead By Daylight 👀👀👀. They got two resident evil chapters
That's how you sell a sponsor 👏
liked
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.                                         ,//////////////////.,./, ./,/. ,/. ,/. , /.,/.
That's my biggest turn off when it comes to this game, it's like it punished people for not playing the game every waking minute of their life. It's just a horrible experience when it comes to trying to jump back into the game.
5:52 true video starts.
You should do a review on the new battletoad
Destiny is a fun game if, you don't work more than 40 hours a week, and you dont have a wife and childs.
Yeah the soundtrack has definitely been a treat to listen to, deep stone lullaby has to be one of my favorites to hear right next to the grasp of avarice dungeon soundtrack
It's expected to hear you say how hard it was to understand at first. As a veteran since Y1 D1 it's a very known issue
Idk if u saw, a waste of time but quantum made a video about u 7 days ago for no reason
Loved this vid so much man. Great job! The Zavala impressions were fuckin amazing 🤣
In was just wondering "In wonder what Act thinks about D2 now". Stop reading my mind I'm calling the police
If you get the chance to, I strongly suggest you play Blasphemous. The game is too fire.
Destiny2 is a game that takes dedication to jump into and grasp of how things work, how are we at that point in story. They  fucked up with the content vault and currently the best way to understand many parts of the story is by watching D2 lore daddy on YouTube.  But once you get to know how things work, how to solo dungeons, how to join randoms, build crafting, the epic lore, then destiny2 becomes a game that's really hard to replace. It's a really really good game but until they polish the new player experience, it will very often give a bad impression to people that hasn't been around it for a while.
NOT THE BOX OHHH PLEASE
100% agree that the game is confusing as fuck for new players or people who haven't played for a while. There is so much popup shit, currencies, special items, quests that are forever on your storyline that you will never be able to complete because no one plays those parts of the game anymore...... I also LOVE that content I payed for was REMOVED and I was not given a fucking refund for the dlc I paid for and can no longer play. Though the game has improved in several areas. Yea my issue is none of my friends play this anymore so I burned out solo and now I don't like o play.
Last time I played was Nov 2017. Just got back on a few months ago.
You think Sabap*ssy was bad, good thing you haven't got to the Caitlep*ssy yet with the Zavala hiding an impressive tusk XD
this game sucks i play it every day
Im glad a left after vanilla D2 and returned at beyond light. Pretty much the Great Reset. And easy to grow as they added everything again
Bro literally rocking the zavala colored earbuds
my exact issues too. It's really hard to jump in after a long break, especially if you really enjoyed the story and lore it feels bad to miss out. But the game is really fun when you get to mess around with friends or figure out the raids together. And once you get past the initial return hump, you got a decent hold on what to do.
Guardian you're not shooooting Didn't realize I want Zevalla always reminding me when I've stopped
This video was hilarious. Nice vid act man. And I feel exactly the same. Just trying to get into the game is a chore but when u get in, it is fun
My zavala is still stuck in his packaging 🤣 Shaxx tho? That guy's free af 🙌
A friend of mine plays desteny 2 and he sayed its fun. But then he told me its a full price game and gr still has to spend mire money on it so he can compet in pvp and such things. I was just so blown away by that. I mean its a full price game ok if u wanna make mire content and u have to buy the new Mission its fine but having pay to win elements in pvp just blows
If you want a cool shooter until MW2 drops, give The Cycle: Frontier a try.  It's a more casual take on the Escape from Tarkov extraction-shooter genre.  And it's in space.
Welcome back guardian C:
It still bothers me how much people forgive this game for literally taking content away that people paid for
Funny cause I just picked the game up a few days ago. I feel like nothing I learned from playing forsaken carries into witch queen. I feel like a new player again. But it is fun to dive into all the reworked leveling systems and weapon perks and mods. Just after doing a shit ton of homework.
Your ad was the best ad for ear buds I've ever seen
Bungie needs to see the first half of this video. It’s impossible to get my friends into the game cuz they don’t know what the fuck to do, and I don’t even know what they should do so I just take them with me on whatever I need to. I love the game tho and it’s nice to hear people speak positively of it, especially the music.
You should do a portal 2 video now that it’s free with gold
I understand that Destiny 2 can be overwhelming, but to answer your question "Did I just skip half the game I paid for?" No, you really didn't. The "loot cave" you went into is called a Dungeon, and there are 4 of them in the game currently. That's just one endgame activity, and the entire game revolves around playing these endgame activities week by week. The "power grind" is by most veteran players seen as negligeable in terms of gameplay, and you get to the best parts once you start to play the endgame and make builds.
10:47      THE STEPS TO KETCHUP :p
I've played destiny 2 for about 3000 hours. It's incredible the amount of stuff they have jam packed into this game, and that it's all compelling enough for me to come back almost everyday. Although we can all admit the new player experience is very steep, if you have some people to guide you on your feet, the game is worth every second and penny you spend on it. Bungie has improved so much over their time with destiny. The world building, visuals, gameplay, and stories the game tells are all top tier and it's a community I'm proud to be a part of
Amazing content. I feel the same way coming back every year to play new content. I have no idea what I'm doing. I just go find things to shoot and try to figure out where the champaign missions are.
Some games are so huge (like Destiny 2) that I don't even want to start it.  It's better to just skip the entire thing. I did try it but after that you may as well just quit cause you'll become addicted.
put 'em in the jar, that'll shut 'em up real quick
This game is the student with C's and low B's across the board, and the teacher keeps saying they aren't utilizing their potential.
lost it when he started singing blink-182 lol
I like hearing critical yet positive act man. Its refreshing and rare. Much nicer on the ears than disappointed and dissatisfied act man.
That was the first sponsor ad I ever sat through. Good job Act man.
I shouldn't have to play a video game for a couple of weeks to feel comfortable. It should take a couple of hours. _Maybe._
@14:31 my favorite part
So I did a quick Amazon search for that chair………….yeah that’s a…expensive chair😮
Hilariously accurate
so much bloat in Destiny 2 I started playing the game at Witch Queen and it didn't make any sense. They need to create a new game. We need Destiny 3.
Game is TRASH
You're about a year late my guy
You can’t infuse your old armor because its in the 1.0 system they updated how armors work and 2.0 armor can’t be infused into 1.0 armor
Thanks man to make me laugh. Great video
Imagine if Destiny had an actual proper story!! Not a confused mess of toy soldiers thrown in a sandbox of even more confusing shit.....
It's because you're too impatient to read.
I hate Destiny 2 it's my favorite game.
As someone who plays this game with his one best friend religiously and we still can't find a raid group with out a sweat or a kid. I love this game and I hate how accurate all of this is lol
I've always found Destiny's art direction hideous, personally. Lens flare and washed out bloom, or whatever it's called. Not a fan.
Lol best sponsor I seen x,D
I felt the saaaame way, I break from D2 for 2yrs and boom a whole different game. I can't even grind the same and my exotics are not relevant anymore .... Finding good looking armor only exists behind a pay wall now that they got rid of mars . It's disappointing in that sense.
Destiny is one of those games that people hate so much but cant let go of it like I’ve quit quite a few games that people love ( onward and destiny are the main ones) moral is if you dont like a game its ok to just stop playing
Did Zanny do this to you?
Can not agree more new user experience is so trash , I tried so hard to get into it this summer and really grinded through the story but I was still so confused on what half the stuff to do was… really wish they would work on it
I just jumped back into Destiny 2 and I'm loving it. It's the only AAA game that is still good.
honestly, you need to play a raid if you havent already. Its an unmatched experience and the core reason I play the game. on the day of release there's a massive race toget the worlds first completion, or just the day 1 completion (24 hr to get an unique emblem). Even if you dont participate, watch it. It's based.
I love destiny 2 and I'm tired of having to act like I dont!
Act man, you should take a look at their monetization model. Specifically the dungeon pass. Players having to pay 20 dollars to access a dungeon unless they spend extra for the premium edition of the witchqueen expansion.
The worst community to exist
I’m glad bungie left halo they weren’t gonna make a good halo game after reach.
Imma put this here, review Splatoon 3, and why the Splatoon franchise has been so successful. Like even their progression system is way better than Halo Infinite's. Love to see your take on this fun game.
"20x better with friends" is absolutely not a compliment to Destiny at all. It means the game is boring, but your friends are fun. All of your clips were of you and your friends making fun of the game and being completely confused by what it wanted from you. Destiny is trash, but you made your own fun out of the cardboard box.
Welcome back Guardian! :)
honestly the most fun I've had in D2 is when you play with friends, the solo experience is a good way to just kind of chill but its nowhere near as good a time
Destiny 2... *GaaS* at the very "BEST" 😒
The new user experience isn't bad, it's just not there
As someone who just started playing like a month ago I have no idea what to do or where to go. Still figuring it out.
I've been playing destiny pretty consistently since the original release with my buddies, we all love the game. Recently my wife said she wanted to try it out with us so we've been helping her through the new player experience and I honestly have no idea how anyone can pick it up at this point and enjoy it at all. You go through a couple very simple missions then it just dumps you out at the tower with no direction or anything. Not to mention the 30+ different currencies you have to keep track of, or all the stats on weapons and armor. It's a very hard game to recommend
The buddy banter is what made this vid that much more enjoyable
i was balls deep in destiny 1 to the point i could do every raid solo, in destiny 2 it could never really catch me the way the first one did. I would come back for a bit for every expansion but never stuck around. If they do a destiny 3 ill try really hard to get stick with it because i loved D1 raiding and them just putting the D1 raids in D2 feels cheap to me and i dont care about it honestly
Try putting obs on the same monitor that destiny is on and use window capture
Welcome back.
"Whether we like it or not" It's such a zavala whing to say
Honestly, after what I've seen in Halo Infinite I think I'll consider on returning to Destiny 2 as well.
I love how Zavala basically gaslighted you into playing 🤣
Act man, every mission is a stealth mission if you shoot everyone. If nobody lives to tell about it, it's still stealth
You should do a vid on the raid content it’s actually pretty good
OK then i take the chance and ask you to play Dying Light 1 and ... well make a video about it or something.
Gambit is actually the best mode
Finally, The Act Guardian has risen.
You know what I hate about returning to Destiny 2 every so often? Remembering why I stopped playing because I love playing this game, it can be fun and I enjoy almost everything about this game.  I hate being reminded of the lack of respect on Bungie's end when they made the game F2P and vaulted content that players paid for. I'm not saying don't do these things and in fact I understand why they do it but Bungie gave nothing in return for the content that they made free or took away from players who bought the game and the DLCs. No exclusive weapon skin, no exclusive nameplate background, not even fucking Bright Dust. Like I want to get back into this game but between the disrespect to Day 1 Players and the new/returning user experience I'd rather just not play this game ever again.
Destiny is a lot of fun but yes, the new/returning player experience is trash. When the best way to learn/relearn a game, is to ask people who regularly play, you know there's a problem. Thankfully, the community is (mostly) great because like you said, the game is WAY more fun to play with other people.  And I actually liked that one mission where you just run to a place and go back to talk to Ikora, yes you actually need to be paying attention to the story, but it was different. They hyped you up for a fight, and then door to the fight was like "nah you good" and yeets you backwards. It's like if you saw a fog door in a Souls game and you get hyped because it's boss time, but the fog is actually a mimic.  Also, say what you will about the early Destiny story, very few games have characters as memorable as Zavala, Ikora and Cayde. This Man hasn't played in 4 years, and he still remembers all their names and how they talk.
I got into D2 with the new light stuff in oct 2019, still playing to this day with 3k+ hours.
Why does Act Man have such an Anti-PlayStation bias?
How the hell is a new player supposed to get into Destiny? I'm totally lost.  I never even bought the first game, only played the free beta or demos.
(My ribs) I can't with this Zavala impressions lol 🤣
I cannot shot, I cannot loot and I need some feet to console meeee, LMFAO I AM DYING
Man oh man, I haven’t had more than a passing thought to Destiny 2 years (since after Forsaken and before the return of the wanderer from the first Destiny campaign), just last month was when I learned the removed everything from year one (which sucks in and of itself since the Red War campaign’s story was pretty banging (aside from The Speaker’s really ambiguous death scene IMO), but yeah at the time I decided to not go back because of the amount of storage space it was taking up (I have an oil rig amount of offline games in my back catalogue I need to keep on hand for when I get around to playing them🤣) but yeah I think I shouldn’t even dare to go back to Destiny, I just don’t have the time to keep up to date with it especially since it’s an online only game. I leave off by saying I truthfully don’t regret the time I spent with the franchise.
13:54 is just hilarious
The leveling of destiny is kinda arbitrary and doesn’t really serve a purpose other than to be grindy. The box full of 1540 gear was supposed to shoot you up to the minimum level for most activities so you can actually play most of the game, since the newest raids Vow of the Disciple and King’s Fall, or the newest dungeon Duality, require that level or higher to participate in. It kinda defeats the point of doing the legendary campaign on legendary, but it’s still nice for people starting out.
I can’t believe you got the actual VA for Zavala to record dialog and collab for this video
I've been waiting for you to try destiny again
Funnily enough, the Hive are the moth people. It’s alluded to loosely in the Taken King and I think even before on the moon when there’s moths in dark spaces, but with the Witch Queen, Savathun is literally a moth.
Haha it would be so funny if you put Ikora’s feet in the video haha wouldn’t it
Zavala. What a legend. Still a mindless slog of a game. 😆
Damn, Halo Infinite is such a worthless piece of garbage in comparisson to Destiny 2 💯💯💀
wait until you finish the campaign and find almost nothing else to do
I stopped playing because there's no real progression aside from story progression. Yes, our numbers continue to go up, but it's all meaningless. To elaborate, every season they increase the 'level' cap, but simultaneously increase the world 'level,' for lack of a better word, such that it's not unlike when first starting the game.  Weapons and gear are arbitrarily rendered useless by level limits and new gear must be obtained and leveled up to achieve the same efficacy as the previous season. This creates a significant time sink each season necessary to do, for example, end game content even if you were able to the previous season.  This is subjective, of course, but I personally think that a lot of the end game gear and cosmetics in Destiny 2 are some of the ugliest I've seen in any game.  They also heavily recycle seasonal events. Even RuneScape holds unique seasonal events each year and has done so since its inception.  I like the gameplay. It's fun, but the grind just isn't rewarding to me. I hate being forced to essentially start over every season. It makes progression feel like a waste of time and effort.
Hahaha yes I just barely picked up destiny 2 like a week ago and I'm soooo lost
I hate this game, its my favourite game.
I’ve started streaming Destiny 2 with one of buddies and it’s overwhelming, but fun to stumble through with a new player.
Never played COD before but I got MW2 and I think it’s fire only thing is ttk is insanely low and recoil is high and realistic
The crossplay is good but also not good. If you have the expansions on one platform and then decide to play on another but don't have the expansions, your entire menu is absolutely flooded with icons you can't access unless you pay full price for a dlc you already beat. A few weeks ago the expansions were free for a week. The problem with that is you have absolutely rush through as much content as you want. Then if you decide to take a break and the week ends, same thing as before, your menu is flooded with icons you can't access in a story you already played but still have to pay full price for.
community leader
Destiny is fun as hell to play but man the interfacing and questing system is absolute trash. Always has been.
Act man in a day 1 raid. That would be funny
"GUARDIANNNNN if you're not spending money and shooting things then you're not having funnnn" couldn't have said it better myself
Well there's lightfall eventually. Speaking of guardian, have you pre-ordered yet? Don't miss this chance to pay to shoot more to have more fun, guardian.
The act man please save me i gave 2000+ hours in this god foresaken game
It's been 3 months for me. 😭Don't give me a reason to go back.
For some reason this video has an AVGN vibe to it
We both must have been thinking the same. I just got back in last week also. I jumped back in with Beyond light but have now bought Shadow Keep, and The Witch Queen. Last I played was the Forsaken Campaign a few years back. Was skeptical getting back in and yes very overwhelmed but I have to say that I am REALLY enjoying the game! All the stuff you complained about I too have experienced but luckily it doesn't break the game or make it unplayable. I actually am playing solo, and although I know it's more fun with friends, I am having a blast as it's a game you can pickup and play, select some quests or dailies, have some fun and jump to something else. But I have to admit, the grind for completing the campaign quests and grinding for gear by SHOOTING 😀is very fun and addictive.
I didn't play Destiny when it came out. I tried it and couldn't work out what the heck I was supposed to be doing, then I quit.
12:51 act man is a fan of Juniper i see
Do you still need to grind to get currency to turn armor pieces into cosmetic pieces, and is it still capped to a few per month? After playing thi sgame more than I should, they finally introduced the cosmetic armor thing and it was the last straw for me so I quit playing even if I had already payed for the whole year season pass. It was a huge fucking "Fuck you, give me money" moment.
I love this franchise. Played the everloving shit out of D1. Those first few years were magical. Destiny peaked at Taken King/RoI.  I stopped playing with the release of Beyond Light. I got tired of Bungie taking away the guns we invest time into grinding out, only to resell them to us later. I got tired of the monotonous bounty grind, and the community has a lot of shitters in it.   I miss the game, but it just isn't for me anymore. I'm sad about it, but after a few years away, I don't think about it anymore. Not a fan of the balance decisions the devs make most of the time.
Destiny sucks
Bungie hasn't made a good game since 2009
I love the game
3:03 The Millennium Puzzle is a pretty sweet quest reward. 😂
EVERY veteran will tell you how the new user experience is horrible. You pretty much have to run with someone who knows what is going on to answer 1000 questions until you get a handle on things.
outriders>d2
Bro i kid you not i gave this game 4 tries across the past 5 years and i swear to God every single time it was an abysmal experience from any point of view existent i wasn't explained shit about its mechanics or what to do except shooting what moves and i didn't try it out for like 30 min no i gave it HOURS each try and still every single time it was my absolute worst gaming experience i have ever had. The game to me is the absolute worst piece of garbage on the market at the moment,i'd rather play those 1 dollar meme games on Steam like Russian Life Simulator or Drug Dealer Simulator and i am 100% honest when i say this.
That was me. “I ran here which was from the previous mission I just did. Now I gotta go back to mars to talk to Ikora? I hate it here” still playing though
that was the smoothest ad transition i've ever seen lol
I really hope someone walked in on Act Man when making the dialogue videos with Zavala lmao
Should I really try raycon earbuds act man
The new player experience is only bad because they ripped out half the game,bring back the red war campaign that would be a good start.
that "cool transition" got me, used to love =3 back in the day!
I got to say that's the best advertising I've ever seen in a youtube video,I usually fast forward past the advertising as soon as it starts but I actually enjoyed watching this advertisement it was well done.
That's a dann fine Zavala Act, Mr. Man, sir!
honestly its not a complicated game. its just a lot to get into. you can condense everything easily into a 5minute video. also the menus are very straight forward
I wish I could’ve witnessed the filming of the ad for the Raycons 😂
Destiny was good, Destiny 2 is trash.
I wonder if it actually works now.  Every time I tried to play it for months it would just constantly kick me out to the main menu with network errors.  Since it's F2P, I figured I'd give it a chance, but it was a lot of GB on my SSD that went to other games that actually worked.
Low key wanna see him dive  into crucble and see if he can go flawless in trials
Among those messages he showed, Hades is the only one that should really get covered imo
Savathussy 😂
yeah there was a period for a lil while around when beyond light launched where bungie just decided to start making the worst decisions ever
Yeah you really need a fireteam that will roast your build until you know what you’re using and how to use it
Oh no the forever box
Turn hints off!!! Lol
Frankly the game is a fucking mess, if you drop in not having played through the story from the beginning then you won't be able to make heads or tails out of anything
Being lost in all the menus is how I felt when it came to steam. Had fun for a bit then just stopped playing
The hot top with an albanuric . Geniuses
how can i join the act mans discord sever
LMAO Mr. Act, your bits in this are actually making me laugh out load at work...
i really like the parts with the action figure Hella funny i almost died of laughter keep up the good work my friend wanted me to get back into destiny 2 but i ve been off the game for 2 years and got board of it so that's why i stopped playing so i m going to have to through all that bs with the light level and not good armor again but this video makes me want to redownload the game and give it another chance keep up the good work act man
Just when I thought I couldn’t like The Act Man more, he slips in a Blink 182 song into his skit. A man of culture
This isn't Yu-Gi-Oh
Heh actman if you ever need help doing the Vow of Disciple raid, theres tons of us willing to sherpa you through the raid.
the energy in this vid feels so fresh ^^ nice job actler o7
"I dipped my toes into foreskin." -Act Man 2022
Shaders are non-consumable again?! Man, I haven't played Destiny 2 in a long time, but it's crazy they thought the consumable shaders was a good idea.
I got back into destiny 2 a few months ago and I was a day one destiny player and stopped around kings fall came out. When I came back the only thing i truly enjoyed was the community helping guide me and showing me the ropes of raids. No game can match the teamwork needed for raids.
Hey actman I wonder if you would check out the game warframe
I wonder if there's a pirated version of Destiny 2 that's just completely offline and has all the loot and cosmetics locked behind paywalls unlocked and still has the game actually work, because as much as I want to give it chance it seems like such a fucking headache to get into, not to mention how much of a drain on money it is
Damn, Act Man becoming IHE?!
I've revisited splitgate and it's scratched that halo itch all while adding a fun portal system.
great quality and funny video as always act man😂 thanks for your efforts my man!
I started playing Destiny 2 this year in march and ... I can't stop playing. 😬
Wow and I thought warframe was bad with the new player stuff
I've never played Destiny or Destiny 2 ever, them decided to give it a try on Destiny 2 last year, I was so lost, didn't know what to do, tried for about 3 hours them I uninstalled. I consider myself pretty good on rpg and fps games, but this game is so bad on introducing itself to new players that you have to doubt that they are the same makers of halo.
I love this dude
I haven't played Destiny 2 enough to make many comparisons, but it is clear to me that Warframe's new user experience is 100,000 times better. That's not everything, of course, but it is something.
What a shameless plug. The figure talking is just absolutely amazing.
I really wanna come back, I have the itch, but idk when Bungie is gonna play their classic hand and invalidate my favorite loot again. RIP my god roll Traveler's Judgement 5
Man if you played path of exile or really any MMO it feels like this lol
Love the =3 transition
This game has come a long way. It's damn good now but good luck as a new player. It's rough without friends or other guidance
Yeah D2 is straight up hostile to new players. I love this game but would literally never suggest it to anyone who hasn't played it already.
I honestly tried playing something else like Albion online and its hard to manage cus I wanna dedicate time to other shit but destiny just calls man can't get off it
This is crazy timing. I just got back to destiny since 2018 and was told to play by my friends because of how fun it is now with the Witch Queen. I’m having a blast!
I love Destiny 2 ❤
I always hate coming back to this game after a long time your character basically get knocked back to being a scrub half the shit u spent hours obtaining is either sunset or deemed useless if it’s from a older season and I find my self doing the same shit over n over for a chance at getting a specific weapon with a specific roll on it I ain’t got the time anymore
Holy shit #10 on trending? Well deserved man!
See after that initial where and what the hell am I, and once you get the knowledge of how the game works into your brainhole, it's a fantastically in depth experience that feels rewarding and worthwhile almost every time you go to play it. I got my gf back into it a few months ago and she hasn't put it down since, and she was in a similar situation going from loving red war to not playing the game after curse of osusris. It's a shame the opening user experience is as confusing as it is, because underneath is the exact type of game Acty boi said at the beginning. Seriously, if youre reading this and haven't tried destiny but want to, give it a go, it might take a little while to get to know things, but after that first grandmaster, solo dungeon (yes dungeons are solo-able, you'd be surprised at how many activities bungie designs around being able to do with less players), master raid, etc, the challenge and reward will keep you coming back
I walked into Monster Hunter World and Rise and was entirely lost for the first few months. I now have 400+ hours split between both of them. I still can't figure out Destiny 2 and I played Destiny 1 from Beta to End.
The Zavala skits were honestly so good in this video. Well fkn done
My brain deletes everything it learns from this game when I put it down for a certain period of time just to make room for everything else that requires remembering in life.
Love it. D2 started off terrible from where D1 Age of Triumph left off but it's really firing on all cylinders now. As you mentioned, the new player experience is atrocious and needs a complete overhaul for story catch up, mods catch up, etc.
I tried that game recently. Fuck that boring trash.
I'm a new player who was really put off by having to buy a bunch of expansions, but I can say that its been worth it, found a group of guys through lfg that took me in and it's been great already about 100 hrs in and many more to come.
As a veteran player you hit the nail on the head, very good analysis of the new/returning player experience that I hope Bungie takes a THIRD pass at some time in the future.
I got back into destiny during forsaken and i havent stopped playing since then. It has been the ONLY game Ive played since lol
That’s one thing I hate about myself and gaming. I’m also picky. There are so many great games that I hear are fantastic but I’m afraid I will end up hating them and waste my time playing them that I just stick to what I know I like. That why I’m replaying KotOR for the 5th time.
I find the over the top dialog to be very entertainingly cringy. What's even more cringybis halo is adopting this style of dialog in there new cinematics. Not entertainingly there. Just cringe.
For being a destiny Stan I can agree that the new user experience is terrible and getting into the game is outright hard unless you watch guides or have a friend to help you out. Marketing it as "free to play" is another way bungie shoves dlc down your throat because if you don't own them then you can't do most of the content. With that being said the game is amazing once you start doing a lot of the endgame and also met so many cool people from around the world I consider good friends.
I just hate destiny tbh lol bungie really lost its magic
Oh shit he still had armor 1.0 LOL pull new shitty rolled exotics from collections so u can at least use the new mods
So it's still a worse warframe.
Zavala singing Blink 182 was the best shit ever! Thank you Act Man! On a personal note I literally telling someone 2 days ago how bad Destiny is at telling you how you are supposed to play it. But alas I'm back on dat Destiny crack.
I haven’t stepped back into Destiny since Forsaken either. Kinda intimidated to jump back in but after seeing this video, I'm excited nonetheless.
I tried to go back to Destiny 2 to play with a mate last year only to find out i could no longer play the campaign that came out with the game when i bought it at launch. So he suggested i should get the forsaken expansion so i got it and played threw it a bit getting i wanna say 1/3rd in. The next week was the Witch Queen expansion reveal were they said Forsaken was going away as well so i just dropped the game then and there im not about to give time to a game that locks away shit i just paid for
you should do a review on warframe,  a bit of the same situation happening there but still love the game
I'm downloading the game to give it another chance but the last 2 times that I did, the game ran like shit on a Ryzen and I don't expect it to be any better this time.  I just love downloadin 95Gb something just to try it out and deem it shit.
👇👇💟✋ https://youtu.be/wSeMqHvHVEs
👇👇💟✋ https://youtu.be/wSeMqHvHVEs
first time visiting the channel would love to see destiny 2 content very funny
I feel justified for dropping this game now. Thank goodness.
As a new player that tried this game 2 weeks ago for the first time, this video is 900% accurate, I've never been so lost in a videogame before EDIT: that doesn't mean the game is not fun, I will try to learn more.
You should do a collab with a destiny content r Creator so they can guide you through the game, I would suggest Fallout plays, but still, great video🤠
This was great, actually made me want to play again. I still hope you check out For Honor sometime. I think you would enjoy playing it and still have a decent amount to say about it.
This video explains why I stopped playing destiny 2 (when new light came out)
13:07 you just cant forget it can you.
bro zavala needs to return in every video from now on lol
#10 on trending! Act man truly has made it :)
I couldn’t stop cracking up whenever the toy was speaking
Its just a worst warframe honestly
I hope light fall refurbishes the new player experience. Thats the one reason I can't recommend destiny to my friends.
This is my second favorite video of yours 💀🤣🤣🤣 the voice acting is gold !!
Played the game since Beta and been on the franchise since the Taken Spring (Taken King's April Update) and i love it Whole heartedly. Helps out with my stress and overall worry about anything.  Sure its pretty much the same every time i play but thats what i love about it. It doesn't change because someone influenced them, it doesn't change because they left and hang out with other games, it just sits there unchanged as Ever.  I just wish that the Expansions weren't as taxing as they are, cause it sucks getting friends in on the Game
Reminds me of Warframe but they have ship battle and tons of content too.
Maybe he should mention how everyone who bought this game on release got screwed over, as there was zero end game content, you could max out your character in few days after release... The pvp was few random game modes which sucked...aaand then they made it free to play.
Femboy Besties, act man is a man of culture
I find Act Man so relatable. Here we have a game which we had high hopes for from the beginning. While it has badly monetized us as players, it has some bit of nostalgia. Even after so much changes, parts of the game's DNA are still memorable.
Witch queen is such an amazing story/level experience AND it’s incredibly daunting to know what to do or how to do it if you are a new player. If you can find friends with experience, it’s a night and day difference in quality.
Destiny 2 is one of the best games ever made, but in its current form you basically need someone to walk you through it for at least 10-20 hours before you'll understand it. I've played almost 3K hours and done everything the game has to offer, yet I have a hard time recommending it to friends. The new user experience is supposed to be overhauled with Lightfall, though.
Destiny is such a pain to learn but it’s so addictive once you get the hang of it
I’ve tried getting into it multiple times and all this bullshit is what has turned me away every time
That was the best showing of a sponsor of all time 😂
My biggest problem with D2 is after I made the switch to PC, they allowed me to transfer my account to PC, but that doesn't include any DLC I paid for. Bull. Shit.
Ay I got an ad from this vid so does this mean The Act Man is now monitised? If so that's obvs good
Nahhh bruh Zavala aint after Ikora feet, he after that cabussy from Caiatl 😭💀
I’d pay good money to see Act-Zavala meets Arby n the Chief
Act Man, what a great timing. Just started to play again yesterday after months of break. Looking forward to sticking around now and Lightfall looks genuinely awesome.
lmfao, what a video.
Zavala skits reminded me of the old Arby n Chief Machinima videos😂
MedMen Stock Moving up Now! Marijuana will be the fastest growing Industry the next 10 years.  Buy MMNFF stock today!
where are you guys finding lore
11:13 you can infuse your exotic armour and weapons with Upgrade Modules using that big black and yellow icon when you click on a weapon, you can also reacquire any exotic you've gotten in the past in the Collections tab for dirt cheap and level those up if the stats or legacy perks aren't to your liking anymore
The Man Child
this game blows, I have 10,000 hours of playtime
Oh wow... he keeps doing the talking action figure thing.  I can't stand this.  Soooo lame, dude.
Can't level up your weapons? This man must've never heard of an upgrade module
Hey act man I heard the devil may cry series has some of the best action in all of gaming you should check it out
I think the phrase, "short term pain, long term gain" is what you gotta know when getting in/back into Destiny. Even as a seasoned player from back in D1 with breaks in between, I often feel behind on some mechanics or what people feel is the current 'meta'. But the fact is that there's something for everyone: PvE, PvP, PvPvE, (finally a good) campaign, puzzle-like dungeons, intense raids. The game will ultimately leads you back to the RPG mechanics, but as you gain loot, it only becomes as complicated as the thought you put in. You can choose to take time and do buldcrafting, but you can also just play and equipt the loot you like. And it can be a pretty quick transition between the two by just playing and not really thinking about it.
God that Raycon promo/talking action figure bit was the most cringe thing I've ever seen on this channel
you got that wrong he should have caitals feet picks also what are the hive doing with ikoras feet picks
WHERE ARE YOOOOOOU
Waiting for wolfenstein review still
So I cannot play what I payed for anymore?
I came back recently after dropping off not long after destiny 2 launched. I dropped off because so much was behind a paywall even though I’d got the deluxe edition (thanks for being cash grab monkeys activision). I can say coming back was overwhelming because so much had changed 😂
MW2 Vol. 2 beta is actually pretty good
I've always tried getting into it, but it's just too boring. From a narrative standpoint, it's terrible. From a mission design standpoint, it's terrible. From a gameplay and visual standpoint, it's excellent. But I need that feeling of progression of narrative and levels, not just equipment.
Yeah I've been playing this for a few months now, and it's not a bad FTP game. I would have been pissed if I spent 60 bucks on the initial release though
Funny ..just came back after 3 years myself  .
Waiting to see how the mw2 beta review turns out
Why is his Lance Reddick on point tho.
the bright engram comment made me lol but 10 out of 10 vid
It's been years since I've played Destiny 2, I have even forgotten that one DLC no not Beyond Light what was it again ? oh yeah Shadowkeep.
I see that The Act Man has been inspired by Jon Graham.
8:05 wait, are those fortnite skins hold on did destiny copy fortnite?
I was done after they kept charging 60 dollars for the dlc’s
Jesus loves u
No but like actually try the cybertron games
This video is a perfect summation of how I feel about it and why I cannot get back into the game. It has definitely improved significantly since my time but it’s no longer for me. Good luck to those who do enjoy it and have fun!
As someone who’s been “no lifing” this game since beyond light I will say the introduction for new players is horrible especially when they add so much new stuff every season. I’ve been helping out a few people that started last season and they’re still not caught up on how everything works
Yo, what is that Traveler/city model? Where can we get one of those?
14:24 i often see hive corpses (mainly wizards) spazz out and spiral through the air after i kill them
The thought, that people could potentially return to Destiny (after they stopped playing it, because they - for one reason or another - didn't like it anymore) because they don't want to play Halo Infinite.  Has Infinte sunken so low now? I mean... It has de grappling hookz... And... and... Marines, who could T-pose and wouldn't do less than they already are doing, because they're utterly useless and can't even drive a warthog. And a shitty version of the Scorpion, OH MY GAWD they massacred my boy so hard! The movement, the handling it is so utterly garbage compared to the other Halo games (haven't played 5, probably will never do that, so i can't say how the Halo 5 Scorpion feels)
Planetside is better :(
After they removed all of the content I paid for to try and get me buy the new expansions, I uninstalled D2 never to return.
That =3 reference really just threw me back.
For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these words.   (1 Thessalonians 4:16-18)
I’ve been playing non-stop since new light in 2019.
Why waste your time playing this nonsense when you can play a better looter shooter like Borderlands instead
I've been wanting to get back into destiny. I left after forsaken. My biggest issue is me not having some of the content available. Ik there will be a new DLC added. Is there a pass or something I need to get to play all the previous DLC.
Act Man said there were no moth people, then later mentioned he hasn’t finished Witch Queen’s campaign. Oh boy is he in for a surprise
you've certainly missed a lot in your time away, alot of good stuff
The whiplash I experienced from the cool transition reference to =3 has crippled me, ActMan.
The new and returning player experience is pretty bad but once you get passed that the game actually gets very good i do think the game needs some kind of guide, a complete rework of the beginning of the game is needed but i dont know if thats really realistic for bungie to do
I play destiny a lot and have since d1. You are correct in all aspects and especially with the new user experience. They are trying there best but it’s not there yet for new users to feel welcome until they reach a high level.
you call that a tan hahaha. good job bro
I never knew I needed an act man video cohosted by Zavala 😂😂
There is away to make it stream on OBS without the frame drop but its honestly so confusing and unnecessary the game should just be able to be streamed. If you don't save your setting it just becomes a hassle to do.
I need an edit with all the zavalla impressions lol
I played Destiny 2 back in its release. I also bought the original season pass. I logged in a couple weeks ago to discover that I can't play any campaigns or story content without buying them. I spent about $110 on this game and was being treated as if I'm an average free-to-play player
I absolutely hate this game, but I can’t stop fucking playing it.
Hope sony makes destiny 3 ps5 console exclusive,  no reason to put it on xbox now that sony owns bungie
Welcome back Act Man. If you have any questions or wanna learn a raid and somehow find this, let me know, I'd love to help.
I haven't played in about 3 years now. I kept myself going with the game for like 8 months just on the lore alone. The Dreaming City added a bunch of things you could do in public servers lobbies that didn't require a fireteam and provided a challenge. I played those into the ground, tried out the next DLC, played for about a week, then stopped.  I didn't really have anyone to play with. Went LFGing all the time but everyone just wanted one task done. Formed a raid group and we scheduled raids only to have 3 of us show up every time. The game was super fun. I enjoyed just about every portion of it despite the repetitive nature. However, playing without friends made it too hard to keep going.   But ngl, your video kinda tingled something in me like I want to try again. Maybe find some new friends. But there's a whole lot to play. Kind of mind boggling.
Zavala saying “I’ll be a good boy…” is something I didn’t know I needed to hear until now
Funniest act man video to date
So better than 4 years ago, still kinda middling overall gotcha
While I understand them vaulting content it doesn’t feel good to have content I paid for and personally enjoyed completely removed from the game with no way to play it, that’s probably the thing that grinds my gears the most about the changes they’ve made
13:28 Lmao🤣!!
Are you having a real giveaway or is someone trying to scam me in your comments?
you dont get all the tutorials as you are a returning players, being a returning players that left after warmind and return just before witchqueen and i have no problem at all
Next expansion has the answers for this. There building a system to show you what to do next. Sorry you came at a in between place
Adventures with the acting man - Zavala.
Take note that you're having fun with friends. Now take said friends away. The game was fun for me for about 4 hours. Then it just became the same game I dropped for the same reason. It's fucking boring.
I love Destiny 2!!!
Looks like the money Bungie spent on Behavioral Psychologists is paying off.
As a Destiny 2 player who loves the complex numbers and stuff... The Zavala jokes had me laughing so hard
shit game
I have no friends to play the game with :(
Just a tip for you: if you go to the terminal near the eververse trader there is a origins section that shows the timeline order! I just returned after not playing since year one and I found that a very helpful tool!
it's amazing how the guys that literally made Halo are so incompetent at creating engaging FPS levels in a new outing
Waiting for Asmongolds bald reaction 👨‍🦲
If only bungie made halo infinite
Fun game but the new player experience is horrendous
=3 We miss
I remember when Destiny switched platforms and I lost my whole account :)
This was me. I hadn't played any of the dlc and came back for witch queen. It took a bit to learn all the new changes. I was shocked when I tried multiplayer and got dropped by a bow. "There's bows in Destiny now?"
I honestly agree with you act man the game after I came back after getting beyond light I was so lost at times-having not a clue to what the hell some of the new mechanics are or where to go. Ps great video man 😊
I do agree that destiny does look “interesting” but I honestly hate the look.  I don’t like the art style. Yes it is interesting but no, it doesn’t look good IMO.
When it comes to the music,no song has been better than the deep stone lullaby in my opinion
I shoot, therefore I am. Me, in every PVE game
I just started playing again too. Stoped since elden ring came out
You can pull exotic armor pieces that you have unlocked back in Y1 throught the collections tab and when you pull them they will have  the armor 3.0 functions
You should make a video after doing a few of the raids because those are such a great experience now.
Destiny is fun with other people. By yourself it’s ok at best
I actually got into it about a week ago enjoyed the first two which Queen missions but light fall is coming in some months and I'm a bit tight on money right now I am enjoying it tho
So proud to see the Act Man is a fellow crayon muncher
I was a HUGE fan of D1. I was equally stoked when D2 came out, minus a few of the bumps in the road. I always come back thinking I’m gonna dump some serious time into the game, but end up quitting the game for all the reasons you mention here. There is just too much god damn bloat. The game actually needs a bit of linearity added to it.
Thinking 500k pve kills is a lot… 😧
Play through Forsaken and Shadowkeep if possible.  It might gove you a better idea of what's happening.   For the rest jist watch some lore videos but, yeah, the new player experience is NOT good. Oh, and I almost forgot about Beyond Light.  🤦🏻‍♂️
Act man honestly you sound like a whiny little girl play the game and shut up
do Warframe now
Halo Infinite brought me back to Destiny 2.
Dude, I had the same reaction when I entered Destiny 2 a couple of weeks ago.  My eyes were assaulted with ads, I had no clue where to go, and I had no idea what they did to the abilities.  My first whiplash moment was my character not actually doing a proper melee, and instead channeling his inner Captain America by instead throwing a shield in place of a fist. I want my old melee back.  My first time on Destiny 2 felt weird because having the ability to use 2 different supers depending on how long you hold the button was something I never got used to really easily since Destiny 1.  And then they overhauled the abilities and only made 1 ability usable at a time? I got the biggest headache. I just wanted to use Ward of Dawn, not bludgeon my enemies to death with a shield.  Then when I went to try and change back to the Ward of Dawn, they completely changed the ability menu. I couldn’t find where the Ward of Dawn was within 5 seconds of looking, so I just stopped playing.
It's Zavala singing "I Miss You" that got me. 😂😂
Buttfuckin hard is a phrase imma have to steal for future use. Thanks act man lol
Last month I retired from the game after playing it like 4-5 ish years. Don’t get me wrong the game is fun, but it can often feel like a chore list especially in the end or middle of seasons. The problem with destiny is 1) the pay walls you have to get past so that you can play with your friends who are vastly a higher light 2)the new player experience is still confusing, like for years the appearance of savathun has been hyped up and now if you are a new light, after 2 hours of quests you are already playing witch queen and have no clue what’s going on. It is hard to find the fun in the game when all you have been doing is grinding, but it’s even harder for solo players. The game is very story driven, the problem is that if your starting out, you have so much catch up to do before you can enjoy it.
"Hoping we'd have space combat by now, but...that'd probably be another 50gb." Warframe added it a long time ago. And it didn't add anywhere near 50gb.  Shame people feel like they need to bite their nails waiting for Destiny to do something, when other games already do the things they want Destiny to do.
Came back after years for witch queen..... The first 20 hrs of play time was me having no idea what to do..... getting overwhelmed, then shutting down my console.
actman embracing his inner nostalgia critic in this video
I've never played it because it seemed really complicated. But it looks more fun than halo infinite actually
I've been off and on destiny for a while. Coming back mostly for the story and seasonal stuff really.   This past weekend I got a full day to just chill and play games. And my 2 friends were on and we played until 2 in the morning. Playing activities and getting loot. Its the same content but having people really helps you see the true extent of what this game can be.  I'm also really happy for the next expansion and how Bungie is even looking to have an in game LFG  to make having other people play with a priority
Okay, so goofy Act Man is also amazing. I want more!
Lmao midway through bow hunting season, "I'm like a deer"
This is the comeback I really needed, now do BioShock Infinite 👉🏻👈🏻
Shit's bad when your new and returning player experience is worse than in Warframe
Trying my hardest not to relapse on this franchise… surely this video won’t do anything to sway me back to it
The fucking =3 transition...
What a stupid video grown up and do a proper review
Love how you talked about the music but never mention deep stone lullaby
where is rdr2 review man just showoffing huwai
I haven’t played in 3+ years and your complaints are exactly WHY I don’t play. I want to play, but there is SO MUCH!!
Bought Destiny 2 on PC when it came out, never having played Destiny 1. Had no effing clue what was happening, who was what, why I should care... nothing. Stopped playing after 10 hours, more confused than ever.  Now, came back to the game for Witch Queen. Barely had any clue as to what I was doing, because I spent 20 or so hours watching lore videos (thank you, My Name Is Byf) and now I have a sense of what's going on overall... but still no idea what I'm doing, what stats matter, what things I should chase, what missions I should do... Because Bungie has no new player onboarding whatsoever.  This video shows what a "seasoned" Destiny player feels coming back - imagine what it is for a virgin destiny player.
idk what it is about this game. it's bungie so it's probably a really solid title but the game's vibe is just really boring and i have no desire to even download it
Man, sure wish he could experience the presage. That was a great horror level.
I know, another game suggestion in hundreds, but shatterline was a breath of fresh air for me.
As much good as this game has today, I still can’t forgive bungie for having me spend $60 on this game on release because i trusted them with the game then have them delete everything and force me to have to pay again just to play their new DLC which is basically just the base game now..
Okay so I just clicked on the video and I’m guessin. …………………. Still shit 😂 which really wouldn’t be surprised there’s nothing to the games except shoot loot. loot that’s useless half the time cause the special store thing idr. The universe of some shit which gives out the best loot. And half the enemies are the same yeah they look different but pretty much act the same and do minor things differently. What.      A.      Joke.        good on yah acting male been watching for a good while have a beer for the boys 😜🍻
Glad to see you give it another chance!
What do you think of Destiny 2 so far?  “This Game fucking sucks”  /4000hs played
As a person who first played vanilla d2 and stop around the osiris dlc because no money having ass then came back around the forsaken dlc and shadow keep ive lost money and time in this game since then and its been cool
I love Destiny 2 sooooo much. But Ive put 1250 hours into it and still dont understand it properly!
I quit after beyond light, for some reason that expansion killed my internet. Couldn't do raids crucible or gambits and i loved gambit. Another reason i quit was destiny became like a second job with all the grinding just to stay competitive. Games shouldn't feel like a job.
I had the same experience as you. With Lightfall coming I got intrigued. I actually did have issues deciding what planet or story to do. It is genuinely overwhelming at first but I do have fun with the game. I very much enjoyed coming back to it. But the biggest issues for me are 1. Getting other people into the game so I’m not soloing everything. And 2. How expensive all the DLC/Eververse items are. They rarely go on sale and even like 2 years or utterly obsolete is still the cost of a full game! The 2nd one isn’t the worst but it is annoying as the free to play version really teases you wi everything.
Red dead redemption 1 is pretty overrated imo.. the time you spend in Mexico is miserable
Hey man love ur vids and stuff, but i feel ur new thumbnails is kinda not "Act Man" if u know, it is good for a youtube thumbnail but it doesnt feel like Act Man. I'm a big Act Fan and I love the old style of thumbnails, it is cheesy yes but it feels like Act Man and it looks like Act Man. The bad photo-editings, the super ghetto fonts, some nice Acting Faces thrown in with a few Posing-Homo sapien, stuffs that scream cheesy and cheap but when a person looks at it they can still sense the effort put in it, it creates this charm bout ur thumbnails. But i still watch the new vids no matter what cuz hey it is an Act Man vid, quality is somewhat gaurantee and i'm just one guy maybe this style of highly edited and flashy thumbnail brings u more views and people like the new style n i'm happy seeing my favorite content creator getting better views and after all it is just thumbnails that nobody cares.
The music make the menus worth it
I played destiny 1 and 2, they both got very repetitive very quickly.
When I got my girlfriend playing it she was overwhelmed with what to do ... it's hard for new players  I'm more confused to be honest because she 100% darksouls bloodborne and sekiro .... And struggles with parkour in dying light
really loved this video! i would love to see you clearing either king's fall or vow of the disciple in your next video, i think you could enjoy both of them =)
Let me preface this comment with something. Don't think like I do. This is just the result of things that have happened in my life.  ActMan you are my video game guilty pleasure channel lol. I loved video games since I was a kid but I have forced myself to shove them aside for the sake of making room for other endeavors in my life. Thus I have less time to play them. Also I have sort of formed a stigma around video games for myself. I always feel unproductive and bad after playing. Like I said, don't think like me.  With that being said Actman, I love your videos and they bring me a lot of joy and remind me of the times when I was a kid with more time to enjoy them. Thank you
One of the only things that could be worse than playing Destiny 2 prior to Forsaken are raycons
I am in too deep at this point and I will be real with you. This game has got probably the worst new player shit I’ve ever seen unless you are one of the people that can pick things up and understand it immediately. I was able to pick it up real quick but I can see how overwhelming it can be
Welcome back to destiny 2 hope to see you in game
I'd only play destiny 2 because of that Zavala character XD. I would watch you do an endless amount of impressions of that guy, and i don't even play the damn game.
The Act Man is a Titan main, hell yea brother!
"I shoot, therefore I am." 😹😆😂 Oh, how we miss the Act Man. And oh, how we so appreciate when he shows his face on YouTube, in these dark times.  He is a true character and I love the effort he puts into his videos and his act. Much respect to the Man 👍🔫🎮
I literally just started playing again since before Shadowkeep and I am so confused
“I don’t know what to do!” “Get this stuff off my screen”
YEEEESSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!!!
wait til actman reach beyond light everybody gonna be varisk yesssss ???
I still have the bease Destiny 2 on PC/Steam, I haven't return playing it in 3yrs and watching you replaying it now convince me to come back now. Anyway, when is Destiny 3 coming out?
Anyone know who the VC friends are? Those guys are HILARIOUS, hahaha!
I remember returning for Shadowkeep and watching byf's FOUR HOUR long story/lore video,  also Shadowkeep fn sucked and by the end I was done with the game again.
I’ve been playing D2 consistently pretty much since it came out but MY GOD the new light experience is garbage. I absolutely love this game to bits but getting new people into it is so difficult because of the lack of guidance for new players.
COOL TRANSITION (WHAT A THROWBACK)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is there a chance you can do a review of warframe?
They are completely redoing the new player experience by the release of the next expansion in February. It's one of the biggest known issues they are working on, making the new light experience more smooth and less confusing.
Act man? More like act tan lmao
The nice thing is they've confirmed they're not sunsetting anything more. Sure, seasonal content may fade, but things fold into the loot pool. Campaigns are sticking, as are Raids and Dungeons (that Loot Cave thing you ran, Grasp of Avarice, is one of several now). And as such, once you learn a system, that means it retains relevancy. Subclasses are more dynamic now, there's a lot more synergies.   Mods for armor can do a lot once you learn what Combat Styles are (Warmind Cells, Charged with Light, and Elemental Wells), since it can help you form a build that changes a lot of your combat experience - and the next expansion is adding Loadouts so you don't have to use Destiny Item Manager (DIM) as a 3rd party system to manage loadouts and mod management for you.  Once you get past the terrible new player experience (They seriously just throw you in the deep end of pop-ups and content and say "have fun", rather than "Hey, let's get you started on some Strikes. Go learn what these playlists do. Couple matches in each. Oh, you entered an open world zone, here's what to do as a new player - bounties are here, these are patrols, etc..), the game can hook you on understanding these systems and getting into them.
10:23 ask that to dokkan battle and legends
We need a full cover of "I miss you" by Zavala ASAP
Act Man and SirD crossover when
I'll say it every time but vaulting is more to do with upkeep than disk size.
I love D2, but im stuck as solo player at the moment, which kindda sucks because halo literally took a bullet to the head and ive played ME to death already.
Love Destiny 2 with close to 2k hours on it but I can’t recommend this game to new players anymore since the Vaulting of the og dlcs and story
Got some real Arby n' the Chief vibes from those interactions with Zavala's action figure, especially at 14:39
You have to play vow of the disciple
12:51 Not destiny but hope you like it  https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/cultistsimulator_gamepedia_en/images/7/7a/The_Moth.png/revision/latest?cb=20190603074648
That moment when you realize you were on vacation in Hawaii the same time as The Act Man..
I started playing last week after years and years away from the game. With no friends to guide me im literally just doing bounties 🤣🤣
You mentioned chasing a dragon, Bluecoats?
i have no idea what i am doing... yeah thats how i felt aswell comming back to destiny after 3 years.   man i miss PoE and crotas end. running that as a duo with my buddies was the best.
I don't get why you go back to this mess. You're always playing Banjo music in the background so why don't you go back to the classics and cover those?
So..... It basically became an MMO now?
I encourage you to give the seasonal stories a chance, they do a good job of fleshing out characters and the rest of the world over time (granted you can just play through two entirely now since they happened earlier in the year). The weekly story model can feel a little stale if you play it all at once, but it’s a unique take on delivering something that has some semblance of real time in the game.
Hey actman,if you haven't already you really should play the game that is 10× as better than destiny 2, Warframe
The New Light experience sucks so bad that none of the friends I introduced to Destiny would’ve stuck if I hadn’t personally guided them. Fortunately once you get past this horrible new player experience and get a grasp of things, you’d come to love the game. Nothing in the current market delivers on both music and art style as Destiny does. Sometimes I just space out in Orbit waiting for tunes to play/finish.  Speaking of which, Witch Queen had better campaign and story but the previous expansion Beyond Light had the better soundtrack.
Hey Act Man, would sure love to know your thoughts on the LGBT community. Personally, I love them.  Thanks.
I started playing Destiny 2 again around the time when The Red War started and i swear it felt SOOOO different in just so many ways that I had no idea wtf I was doing.
Looking at the Thumbnail at 5 in the morning with my screen brightness all the way down I seriously thought Markiplier was going to play Destiny 2.
What I never understood about d2 is the weird hentai monsters
I got back into D2 last month, now I don't wanna play anything else. It's just one of those shut up and grind,the fun'll come later games. 😂
Bruh, if you take 4 years off. It’s on you for not knowing what’s going on😂 just go on YouTube and find out
Destiny is my main game. The friend experience is where it’s at. My clan consists of a group of guys and girls that met in Destiny 1. If I was solo I probably would not play this game nearly as much. I do truly enjoy this game tho. I love it and hate it simultaneously
The game is very overwhelming for new players. For me, the movement was too slow after playing hours and hours of deathloop lol
Yes please review femboy besties I know it was a joke but now I want it for no reason
Legendary campaign for Witch Queen was like the first great campaign bungie made since Reach
"How many resources does a game need?" Warframe says hello. 👋
Great video, I’m glad you enjoyed it.
Love Destiny so much😅
Destiny 2 is love hate relationship. Once you love it, you just can’t let go no matter how much you hate it 🤣
im glad im not the only one who thought the mission designs were lackluster even if we get some interesting ones here and there
The new light experience is garbage, they need to change so bad
It's hard to "come back" after a 4 year break. You have missed so much that it's not the games fault to an extent
The Zavala impressions had me pissing myself🤣
In gonna go ahead and disagree. D2 is number 1 in memeability. But great video
i still prefer Warframe over Destiny no dlc baring you from playing the new content with your friends, but it VERY much suffers from the same problem as Destiny, where do you start there is sooooooooooooooo much content and body tells you where to start
I would give Destiny 2 another try if I didn't have to pay 150$ just to be on the same playing field as everyone else regarding content.
I JUST RETURNED TOO!!! Like 3 days ago! I'm impressed with Witch Queen.  I'm happy there's quality of life improvements, and there's a lot of little detail added and THERE'S STORY!!!!!  I'm a Lore whore yeah, but this is literally IN GAME STORY!!!
5:40 the little hands and motions you did for Zavala 😂☠️☠️  I'm so glad you're back, dude.
6:40 I literally just started watching dragon ball for the first time. I'm not even at season 2 of the first series. Damn you acting male
Bungie really fell off
Damnit Actman, JUST WHEN YOU I THOUGHT I WAS OUT YOU PULL ME BACK IN
Am Actually Surprised That You Never Review Bungie's Marathon Trilogy. After All Those Videos On Halo And Destiny Over The Years
i have not laughed harder at a video in so long "your not shooting your not having fun"😂
The Zavala stuff should have been over the top and lame, but this was one of the most entertaining and informative videos to date, found myself laughing more than an adult should
i have 3k hours in pvp and i am on the verge of killing my self
I think Act would love Payday 2
Ayo  I have never played Destiny 😂
sort of a shame you did not make a muffled singing sound when you put the pillow on the plastic package.
As someone who was into Destiny 1 hardcore but never really touched Destiny 2, I’m honestly so overwhelmed just hearing about the new seasons and gameplay/progression changes that come with each PLUS losing potential access to earlier campaigns and missions through the “sunsetting” of OLDER CONTENT (that I may or may not have already paid for) and I just end up drawing this conclusion:  “This game sounds a time-and-money-sink NIGHTMARE….I’m good.” 👍
Destiny looks awesome can't wait to come back
I quit for a few months and I was lost those ads killed me.
New player experience in this game is god-awful. There’s so much they need to do there it’ll only get worse the more they add.  Playing with friends significantly improves the experience, as it will most things.  As someone who doesn’t much care for this game I can say I enjoyed the video and the jokes the team cracked were spot-on. Ad break was 👌
For me the problem with Destiny 2 is the FOMO, I never feel caught up and always feel that I’m missing out on content and also being a solo player doesn’t help. Despite that fact I love the gameplay, Bungie’s business model and content model for this game has put me off. I still like the lore though.
Act Man, I am here for you. Anything Destiny related, I'm your guy.
So you’re saying Destiny 2 was the friends we made along the way
I could listen to your Lance Reddick impersonation all fucking day
It's heavily ironic how you make this video and I got back into Destiny 2 a few weeks ago after taking a 1yr break myself. I definitely decided to put down Halo Infi-trash and play this instead as in comparison is a much better game to pour my time into. 😁
Welcome back big man  Also I wish it was easier for new players to come into destiny That’s why I try to help new players (new lights as we call them in the business) there are small segments you should get too. Year one of destiny 2 was tough and yeah sunset armor messed up bad you can go back into your exotic menu to buy them back and actually have good stuff. The main thing for anyone is getting a team. Try to find other guardians they don’t even need to be experienced just another person can help you learn so much. Then I would go for Campaigns such as Witchqueen and Shadowkeep. Next step would be to get rewards from certain activities such as Crucible games, gambit (if you really want to level up), and strikes.
Be careful with us Destiny 2 fans, we have a thousand ways to tell you how horrible our game is.  But yeah, the new light experience needs serious work, I think the only reason I stuck to this sinking ship was because I had a veteran friend who guided me.
Hey ActMan. I recommend looking up the cutscene "Destiny calls" from Destinys Lightfall expansion preview. It seems like a better "tutorial" is on the horizon, considering the light and dark saga got fused down into 1 cutscene as explanation for new players
I felt that way playing this too. I like Destiny 2 but playing by myself I too feel like idk what I’m doing
Destiny is 100% a Social MMO FPS Looter, you can play solo to scratch that collectors itch. There's a thousand+ triumphs, titles, emblems, Exotics etc. you can earn to appease that "I need it all" feeling but it also excels at giving you tough challenges for you to really try hard on. The Raids and Dungeons really make this game stand out from the rest right now nothing really compares.
One of my favorite aspects of Destiny 1 was the fact that it followed a similar logic to Syndrome: If everyone is OP, then nobody will be! Almost everyone who made it to max level had multiple pieces of gear that broke game mechanics in some way or another and in most games would be considered entirely overpowered, but that was just the way of things in Destiny. It was glorious chaos, and I was all there for it! I remember when Destiny 2 launched and turned its back on that philosophy entirely, and it was sad indeed. I've revisited the game a couple of times since then, but it never has captured my interest like the original. Maybe I'll get into it eventually, but in truth I don't think I'll ever enjoy it the way I enjoyed the original.
Literally everything is better when you do it with friends.
Destiny is dawgshit prob shouldn't have went back
If only I had friends…
14:30 bro HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
You should go back to Sea of Thieves they actuall have content and are a good live service game not like halo infinite
Welcome back! Destiny is fun as shit these days. Tons to do, tons of people playing who can help. I suspect the idea is that people are meant to help each other figure stuff out, which creates a stronger community. It's fun to learn and teach each other.
hey act man you should try out warframe
Who's going to tell Act Man about the Patrick Star Titan
Dude I am in the same exact boat. I used to play destiny RELIGIOUSLY like it was my go to game. Until a couple years ago and all that shit with activision and vaulting and just dropped it. And just recently picked it back up. And man am I glad I did!
Bungie has offloaded the explaining of the game to the destiny youtube community, it's kinda strange but its always been like that since d1.  If you don't understand something usually you'll find 20+ videos explaining it. Not great for new players but it gives the youtubers plenty of content to make when something new releases. 🤔
“You can check out anytime you like But you can never leave…” ~Don Henley and Zavala probably
Quite genuinelz, as someone who started plazing arund season of the risen and has around 500 hours in the game now the only reason i stick around is because there are currently no other good/better looter shooters out there. the moment a better game comes along im jumping ships.  the only thing i truly enjoy about destiny are raids and dungeons, and i have only 1 friend to play this game with meaning i rely on lfg to find raid people and this ca nbe a double edged sword because i've yet to even play half of them for the first time since almost nobody likes a first timer and second, even if you do get a squad the people might be complete degenerates  i hate everything made a great review of witch queen.  and one of his points is that this dlc should be the barte minimum but the community praises it like its the 2nd coming of JC
Welcome back to the madness.  Also yes. There is an utter gem of a game here that's been getting polished for years, it's just buried under a horribly unintuitive onboarding process for new/returning players.  My main tips (most of which you already figured out): 1 - Play with friends. So much better, especially if they can guide you to how things works. 2 - "Free to Play" is more like "Free to Start". A lot of the new content is all behind DLC and season passes. 3 - The endgame is loot. Specific rolls on specific guns, better stats on armor, etc. Not everyone's cup of tea, but you can still 100% enjoy the game without having to grind for the best version of gear.
I'm pretty sure you can turn off the tool tips in settings
Destiny 2 is such an amazing game for me It's the best measuring stick to determine which people are absolute dull bellends and you should probably not make friends with. It's so great and accurate.
If you are starting fresh in 2022 or starting after missing the last 2 or 3 years you need to be in a voice chat with someone who can explain wtf is going on.
this video is a masterpiece
https://youtu.be/LjtqPFdMVVo. 😮😮
Sheeeeeeesh the =3 reference caught me off guard LMAO
The game can be fun. The only issue I have with games like this is the inconsistency with luck in rng it’s like some people just are consistently lucky and others are not at all so you spend weeks upon weeks farming raids and not getting exotics the only reason I ever stopped playing the game the times I did they rectified the grind a little bit my having rotating weekly raids which allows you to farm them repeatedly for a chance to get the raid exotics but still it could take you many attempts
Act man I have to ask. Do you think these expansions are worth their price points?
Didnt expect to hear Savathussy from this
One of us one of us ONE OF US
can we get Marcostyle and the act man Collab?
OIIIIII, MW2 BETA review!!?
Just love the fact that no matter who you are, even if you are a youtuber with > 1.5 mio subs: if you're new in grasp, you get baited into traps
I could not deal with the Destiny 2 story, writing, voice-acting, some encounters were just off, the new user experience is no good like it usually is, but the gameplay and gunplay and all that? SO GOOD. So much better with friends, too. Even if they are just randos who have braincells, so good. It seems what I wanted was Bungie, not Halo.
Wait until he finds out pvp is peer to peer
I'm a sucker for video game redemption stories and destiny to me is one of those stories.
They hooked me again after being away for 3 years
Can i get the emblem from the zavala figurine??
I swear I can't help but die of laughter when act and his bros start doing zavala impressions. "guardian you aren't shooting which means you aren't having fun" 😂
If your getting back into this game being over leveled gives you no advantage. The game treats you at the enemies level. It's why you don't sneeze on dregs in the Edz and they explode.
Destiny age is showing in a bad way.
Dying light 2 review please!
As a hardcore destiny player im real happy to see that a couple of the new lights came through that insane entry gate. Love your vids man and hopefully always will!
I tried coming back a month into Witch Queen,  4 months later i realized i needed to get out when it became literally the only game i played and I was stuck planning around its obnoxious Fomo crap. Game is freaking manipulative. You can't want anything without some kind of suffering. It's a AAA Mobile Game.
1:20 Wizard was onto something here though, let's be real.
Thank you for making my day
I think the bad thing about destiny 2 is how much they want you to pay for playing a season every month and then paying for an expansion it's like saying hey we are  free to play in front but you can only play free content for like a day at best and then get tired of the game cause of the paid content vault
I’ve been playing destiny 2 for years. I hate it. It’s one of my favourite games.
I think that’s one of the reasons I have always really enjoyed destiny is I have always had my friends to play it with
I started playing destiny 2 about three weeks ago and my god,I have never been more confused in a video game,they seriously need to improve the new player experience,especially for people that don’t want to be buying expansions right off the bat.
I won't tell you to do a video on it but if you haven't played Hades, you should try and make a bit of time for it. That's goes for you too, comment section. Hades is a mighty fine game.  I'll also recommend an older game I think more people should play: Spec Ops: The Line. Just... don't play it if slowly building dread and occasional sucker punches to the feels and/or mind aren't your thing. 'Cause man... mention "WP" to anyone who's played it and see their soul briefly leave their body. And if it doesn't, they're an alien and/or a robot/android and/or Reptilian. If they _are_ a alien android Reptilian, well, good luck on that one. Tell us how it goes.
The games platinum tier dude. They've made so many positive changes. Bungie is fuckin killing it right now.
Stay away from the Reddit community,  It's run by toxic people.
Ah the love hate relationship of destiny now u can never not play iy
Omg it has happened he is joining us brothers rejoice
This is why I prefer Borderlands for my futuristic shlooter
This was awesome. Please do some raids and other dungeons with the buds.
The worst time to start playing destiny is 7 years after it came out
It recently became my fav
Could never get into Destiny, I hop on it every year or so to see it's still a boring chore of a game. I really dislike that Bungie deleted content and dlc players bought (sure it was all trash anyways, two tokens and a blue if anyone remembers that) I extremely hate being forced into some random quest when I boot up the game or get bombarded with ads telling me to buy the season or new dlc. It was always bland to me but now with this fomo mobile game trash model it uses, it's even more terrible to me. Glad others can somehow enjoy it but I just don't get it and probably never will.
Destiny fans are like One Piece or Dragonball fans..  "It gets good at episode 764!" or "you gotta watch all 1050 previous episodes to know why this random guy has different colored eyes and why that's important!" Destiny is the only game where I tried to start and was recommended multiple hour plus long videos on the lore and gameplay just casually, like it's the expected thing to do...
Shouldn't have done this
Now I actually want to see the femboy besties review and play the game as well
Yup I literally just hopped back on d2 after years as well and I have to google everything…
Nearly 1400 hours later I can’t stop playing this shitty game
If you didn’t take a buddy through the Grasp dungeon who had never done it before and consistently troll them with deaths by opening the wrong door, you didn’t do it right.
D1 beta, 8k hours (D1 + D2 combined) vet here. I fucking hate Bungie and what they do to this game, they charge a high premium for the content they sell but make decisions like making the game free to play WITH NO FUCKING ANTICHEAT. Every competetive playlist and even the casual PVP modes were totally unplayable for over a year, cheating was rampant and it's just something the players were expected to deal with.   They delayed their pinnacle PVP game mode trials under the notion of "we don't want to release it half baked" but when it  finally released it came out raw, the loot the matchmaking and the sandbox made it not worth playing. When the pool of players nose dived the difficulty of getting a flawless run skyrocketed, so the players devised a way to win trade and get some loot of a toxic sess pit of a game mode. Baring in mind that aimbot hacking had been a problem for over a year at this point and Bungo had done sweet FA to tackle the issue, when they learned people were win trading they immediately cracked down. Priorities are all fucked up.  The constant triple dipping of their dedicated fan base is a travesty of monetization. The game is free to play but to buy all the content ansd get access to every activity is a very high price, then you have the season pass which will cost you more dollars every few months and then theres the in game cosmetics store which again has a very high price on all its items because "we Bungie, we triple A, we charge triple A prices". If that wasnt bad enough a lot of us migrated from console to PC because of much better the game runs on this platofrm, you can link your profiles so you don't need to grind your weapons again but guess what? All the DLCs need to be bought for a second time. Don't even get me started on this gross "dungeon pass" bullshit they're trying to peddle now.  But the final nail in the coffin for me, and the reason i haven't played it since witch queen was their ethic towards balancing new weapons and abilities. Anyone remember stasis release and how it had to had 2 nerfs back to back (then it was buffed for some unfathomable reason?) and then had to be nerfed again? Anyone remember Gwisin vest? Anyone remember Lord of wolves (both times it was OP as fuck years apart) ? Mountaintop? High impact fusion rifles? Queenbreakers? Any heavy weapon in gambit? Vex mythoclast? Chaos Reach? The list is endless but we always thought it was just Bungie being inept at PVP balancing, this is untrue. They stated in a TWAB that they would always rather overbuff new weapons and abilities for no other reason than to make sales, then nerf them later into irrelevance. The PVP community will just adapt as we always force them to.  This game used to be 50-50 PVP/PVE, but now the casuals have it served up for them on a platter as 90% PVE and they love Bungo for it. So now im finally out and haven't looked back since and it feels great to be rid of this constant source of stress in my down time.   If you like PVP content stay the fuck away from Bungo and this game. Yours truly, a once dedicated player who's had enough of their fucking bullshit. From the bottom of my heart Bungo, FUCK YOU.
video on marathon pls
Femboy game what the hell
destiny 2 makes halo infinite look like candy crush.
This makes me so happy, thank you for picking this up again
There is a ton of issues I have with this game not mentioned in the video: campaign mission design, levels and landing zones consisting of small islands connected with endless corridors for loading sake; on top of flying and loading; abundance of guns that shoot bullets in a sci-if setting; recycling mechanics since for example Original King’s Fall with its balls and running with balls constantly, everywhere; raids made for the world first to sit and solve convoluted puzzles for days halting their progress and once they are solved you just follow the instructions for every other raid you do; lackluster boss encounters both in quantity, recycling and quality of it where most of the time you shoot trash mobs; fomo on story cause you never played it; tired of Bungie doing something stupid and ‘we hear you’ and going back; removing vanilla campaign completely; treating their previous assets like new content (landing zones, enemy variety, guns, whole raids).  A lot of these are present since 2015.
Okay, but the Cybertron Transformers games are definitely worth playing through Js
Niiiiice Rocky & Bullwinkle nod
I love zavala impressions
I've tried to get into Destiny 2 multiple times since it became free to play but couldn't for most of the reasons presented in this video. By this point I might as well just wait for Desitny 3 assuming Bungie has learned from its mistakes. Though considering considering they're being bought by Sony, I'm not sure what could happen.
Zanny watching this screaming 20:25
It's literally a different game with the same name.
Would love for you to do a video on the dishonored  series
i've always had difficulties playing D2 since i've never had friends to play with lol
I am also so happy someone else has commented on the interface
ok this is your funniest skits to date yet.
Too bad the rest of the Bungie doesn't have the same approach/talent as the art direction and sound design teams. The amount of recyclation in this game is astonishing.
This is exactly how I felt when I first played Warframe, I tried Destiny 2 had some fun then get overwhelmed and never touched it again and probably never will because this is what the problem of Games as a service the total lacked of guidance towards new players that wanted to try it out.
✨❤️✨
fuck i started playing a year ago im a fucking terrible addict for it even when i hate everything about the gane i still. play why or how id dont fucking know!
I’ve wanted to try Destiny 2 but all the confusing menus and leveling has kept me out. And I play Monster Hunter so you know those menus are serious lol
Destiny 2 is 100% about the experiences with friends. I can't imagine playing this game without at least talking to the other people there with you.
Returning to Destiny just cemented why Halo was the best gaming series from 2001-2011, it was Bungie. Without thr creativity and love of Bungie, Halo cannot thrive. Gosh...imagine if they never left
Destiny 2 is the Netflix of games
Welcome back my good man!  Things are much better now fr
Lil’ Zavala needs to be a running gag in this fine channel of acting
Thank you for making this. I’ve been playing constantly since D1 Beta. And the comment of “ there’s only 2 difficulty levels” was spot on. The difference between normal and legendary difficulty on the Witch Queen was ridiculous for a solo player like myself. Thankfully it seems they’re integrating LFG into the actual game with the next DLC.  Only took them 7 years.. but hey good job. 👍 P.S. the Lance Reddick impressions were brilliant. More please 😂
Yeah it looks and sounds interesting but ain't got no time for that dumb advanced math to figure out how to play it.
Coming back to destiny is looking a lot more like coming back to warframe these days, and that's not a good thing.
I got a few friends dipped in the game and immediately dipped out because they don't know what they should be doing, I tried explaining to them what they can do, let them explore what the game can offer and hold their hands for stuff they want to do if they wished, but they felt overwhelmed and put it back in their library, which is a shame and made me just not recommend or teach anymore since people get disinterested so fast on it.
Don't do this to yourself. Just keep wat eva good memories you have and stay away from this game.
Personally I liked the story of cursive Osiris and war mind expansions despite the contents being extremely limiting and the fact you could beat both of them in just a few hours 4 or 6 hours depending on your loadout and play style. I understand why a lot of people overwhelmingly despised it after all the price but she forced people to pay for them was not worth it back in the day. Destiny 2 is a game that will always have a lot of controversy as well as pros and cons. We can only hope the game improves with time and eventually we get access to the vaulted content once more. Especially since the newer players really missed out on chances to get some decent equipment and experience some interesting story elements.
From what I remember the game was already broken when they re-released it on steam. The story was just cobbled together and didn't make any sense and the character-progression was a complete joke, since you got equipment others previously worked on for weeks or months within the tutorial. No idea who it was made for but I lost interest pretty fast due to the clear lack of vision.
14 hours? Those are rookie numbers go back to halo.
Felt the same way - a lot of the game for returning players is 'what / how / why do I need to do'
Yeah, as a new player to Destiny 2. I literally never know what the fuck is happening, or why it's happening, but like it's fun so whatever
12:42 I agree and disagree.  Whilst yes, it can still look cool, you've missed allot of seasons worth of content.  Destiny LOVES to just reuse old assets. They blush like a little anime school girl at the idea of smacking a different coloured filter on an enemy and saying its new with giant lore implications.  Most of Savathun's environments atm are just old hive designs (mostly Shadowkeep) with a new material and its subsurface scattering bumped up a ton.  Idk they've got new environment designs with the implementation of the pyramids,Tormenters alongside the Witness but otherwise its just the same stuff reskinned.  Idk, I dont see many struggle with this like I do but it's still a personal grip for me.
11/10 best sponsor ad ever  PS: Can Zavala be a permanent addition to your channel pls?
You got a good deal out of this ignoring a lot of the bullshit cause you played with friends. I went in on a free week and it was absolute despair
This video is all about Act Man forgot his meds and his schizophrenia is acting up now.
I stopped playing for three seasons up until this month and even I felt this exactly lmao
The transition from focusing on 343i to Bungie is much welcomed, Guardian.
thats 100% why i gave up on Destiny 2 i wanted to like it i even back i nthe day PAYED 80 euros for the base game and the first 3 expensions jus tto come back to the fact that the content i payed a lot of money for is gone and i had no friends that played the game a lot to help me get back in, so i just said fuck you
"Destiny 2... Just play warframe!" In that guy from  Honest tailers voice.
Destiny is my favourite game. I hate it.
I love that YouTube trying to cancel you has sent you flying up the trending charts everytime you upload a new video, glad you're doing strong after the month off
"you just had to be there"
"I'm not seeing enough lead guardian, I specifically requested for lots of lead" -Zavala, probably
This sick strange darkness!!!
Play Prodeus on Xbox, Hombre que actúa
i have 1100 hours in destiny 2 and i still have to relearn every season the mechanics around armor, new subclasses and gun perks. But honestly thats probably why i still play it, at least its challenging.
The game is great actually. It's so much fun, so much build variety, lot of things to do.. but main problem is they don't know how to deliver an understandable story for both returning and new players. Especially new player experience is real bad
Indeed...
no MW2 beta video planned?
curious, i stopped playing after finishing the initial campaign, if I play it now, what will happen? do I go directly to witch Queen?
“Guuuuuuaaaaarrrdiaaan” gets me everytime
With 3000+ hours in this game I couldn't have summed it up better tbh.
Destiny 2 is like a bad Ex you can’t get over
3:18 act man is all of us
I played a couple hours during the Red War, but i never got into D2. A couple weeks ago, my friend whos been playing forever got me into the game, and please fucking help i have an addiction, and i love the game but this will be the death of me.  This game is very addictive and unhealthy, 10/10 the Drifter is pretty hot
You know which sci-fi game added space battles? Warframe, among many other things and game modes, and it's all free of charge, completely.
i refuse to buy the DLCs, im essentially playing a demo.
Welcome back dude play i’d watch
NO STEALTH MISSION!!! Don't give them that bad idea.
3:20 smoothest sponser transition I've seen in a while lol
I have 3.6k ish hours in D2 plus 1k hours in D1, over 1.1 million final blows, Day 1 raid completion, 99k PvP kills, top 1% PvP player and yet... I will NEVER recommend this game to anyone until they fix the first 20 hours of a new players experience.
0:35 Great Zavala impression gl
I love to see how big this channel has gotten, ive always gotten into these small channels that disappear after their first hit video, and seeing this channel grow through the years and see all the recognition hes received is amazing.
bless you, my son...for having that amount of hair...and affording that amount of grease 4 wutz left. march on.
Zavala: Guardian...fetch me my coffee. Me: I don't...I don't play destiny anymore. Zavala: Giving up so soon eh? Me: no I just...don't care to play anymore Zavala: Nonsense Guardian you just need to get your feet wet again. Me: nah i'm good. Zavala: .... Zavala: Look, it's really good now I swear. No more curse of osiris dog shit dlc's I promise.
That is exactly the experience a wow player has, if he comes back to the game a couple of expansions later. 😂
Femboy Besties HYPE
When i can launch my friend at mach fucking 37 and still comeplete a raid encounter, it is enjoyable
Game sucks
As a degenerate that’s played Destiny for years, I can agree that the New Light experience is complete trash. I really want more friends to play it with, but I can’t bring myself to make them endure it. Plus it’s very expensive to keep up with expansions and seasons for the story. In my opinion, Destiny 2 is simultaneously one of the best AND one of the worst games I’ve played! I both love it and despise it
Moar characters/impersonations pls
Cyberpunk video credits to the new cyberpunk anime?
One supremely funny thing is that D2 is one of my favorite games, and my girlfriend is a huge fan of Halo that used to play D2 but fell off around the same time as you. I started playing through the Halo games with her since i hadn't played in more than a decade + mostly did pvp, and she decided to give D2 another try for me. we are both having tons of fun sharing games we love with each other 🥰
So with OBS and Destiny 2, you have to use window capture and not game capture. That's how I recorded some Destiny 2 videos. Hope this helps.
The best way to start as a brand new user is to start a brand new character because it will give you a lot more direction.  I love this game so im glad to see your giving it some love.
0:58 "I needed something to scratch my 1st person shooter itch"  The very next clip: Lobbing Exploding Flaming Hammers at a Space Ogre.  Ahh yes, the dichotomy of Destiny
Hope people will look at destiny and instead of just go a dead game powered by halo bungie fanboys and now go why is this still going strong and how it maintain its player base for over 7 years. Like it or not destiny is the king in its field and other devs keep trying to copy it but fail like no game can survive on fanboys. Destiny is both a amazing but terrible game
Revisit Sea of thieves if you got the time.
I can always go back to destiny especially the bigger DLCs I just don't do harder activities
I really thought I'd be sold on this game by THEE actman but I guess not.
I love when I give a second chance to a game and then I discover that one of my favorite content creators as done the same.  First time was really not so great but second time... Enough talk LET ME SHOOT THINGS!
I've watched many hours of Dark Souls content on YT and twitch desparately trying to understand why people like those games so much. And I can't, I have no idea what makes people play through those games even once. I want to like them, but I don't and it's not for lack of trying. But then I discovered Sekiro. I fucking love Sekiro, it is objectively awesome and whoever disagress is wrong.  Similarly, I have no idea why people love bungie games so much. I bought MCC and started going through the campaigns. I barely made it through Halo CE and decided to give it a rest. I want to like the Halos but I don't. I'm still searching for the "Sekiro" that will make me fall in love with Bungie but Destiny 2 ain't it. I'm open to ideas. If anyone has any suggestions let me know.
Anyone else jump in and play until you get locked out by the paid content? Its not worth the current price
Welcome back guardian, we don't have time to explain.  Grab this gun and shot anything that looks like bugs, pirates, ghosts, machines, and yes sometimes even you.   Just don't tell Zavala about that last part, you'll never hear the end of it.
How is this hard to understand, you have three guns and shoot things XD... amazing video man!  love your zavala logic.
GIGACHAD ACT MAN: yes I'll review femboy besties.
WELCOME BACK TO DESTINY 2 PAL I'm glad you are picking this up and for the first thing you are roasting the new player experience. The game is really great, but it's not even explained poorly it's not explained AT ALL an this almost drove me away when I tried it few months ago. Fortunately I sticked around because I saw something grate, but not many other will
Imagine Act Man and Zanny playing Destiny together..
Looks like The Act Man had fun with the skits and editing in this video
I started Destiny 2 a few days ago, and i have absolutely NO idea what i'm doing, what i'm suppose to do 😂 its REALLY fun to just run around and do events, but is that the entirety of Destiny ? And i used to play Warframe so when that game in comparison seems like a no brainer then you know it needs some new player love 😂
Our whole group came back with The Witch Queen and we actually played A LOT. We've fallen off a bit during the summer period but we still play every now and then when time let's us. When I catched up with The Witch Queen it was so much fun and addicting to play again with friends.
Starting to play Destiny 2 now is like coming into a dinner at course 3 and trying to eat enough to catch up to to everyone else that started eating from the start.
This man has an exotic armor piece that still has the y1 selectable perks!!! Legend
As someone with like 5k hours (in D2 alone, yes I'm that sad i know) I will say the "New Light" experience is a steaming pile of dooke, you NEED a Friend to help you and tell you what to do in what order.
D2 was shit, then awesome, then shit, and it's good again now.
I am so sorry for your loss
Mate if you ever find yourself out of games to review you can always give yakuza 0 a shot
I played 1/2 the D2 campaign at launch. Then started f2p two months ago. Bought every dlc in an xbox sale and I am well and truly fucked 🤣 addicted, and will busy for years fml
Destiny's PvE is fun imo but gets very stale very quickly. The PvP would always tide me over til the next content drop, but  theyve only ever made PvP worse since the 3.0 subclasses came out. It's really a bummer bc D2 PvP used to be great
THANK YOUUU THANK YOU FUCKING FINALLY….
Actman , can you do a video where you do all the dungeons in destiny 2 with your friends. Dungeons are awesome.
This was my experience as a new 2022 player, I didn't understand anything
Trying to get those fucking popups to go away almost made me ragequit permanently.
Playing this from Year 2 Destiny 2 and boy, this game is foking trash. but i love it and i have 2k+ hours. Of course time spent is growing... but fok this game. I LOVE THIS GAME.
Welcome to destiny 2 lmao no wander new light run away same enemy so Manny recycle content and guns , there art design is lazy as fck reskin
My best gaming memory is from this game. It was the level to get "Whisper of the Worm". A hard level that gives you 20 minutes to beat it and no direction of where to go. Because it would be removed 2 days later my friend and I played it for 15 hours in those days. First day was finding the right way to the Endboss and second day was optimizing it enough so we could kill him in the time limit. With maybe 2 hours on the clock before it was removed we beat it with 7 seconds to go and it was the best feeling. We screamed cries of victory and I will never forget that experience :))
This is a game I want to come back to, I’m just not sure there’s any point unless I buy 3 years worth of dlc
Act man? Did you just say Savathussy to me?
Well everything you do with friends is fun problem is when you dont have any that wants to Play this. I will not be playing this game again since they removed content i payed for and the sorry excuse about game size? Not my problem its their job to do something with it
ACT MAN LET ME CARRY U IN GAMBIT PLEASE FOR LOVE OF GOD
As a long time player, I often forget just how much has improved from launch and older iterations of the game. LOTS and LOTS of quality of life changes are in now that we wanted years ago. The game has ultimately gotten better, and while there's still plenty to fix going forward, Bungie has done an amazing job on the game. I give it shit, but that's because I care, I want the game to be excellent.  I hope you can continue to enjoy it, Act Man.
Pls play with zanny
Since I’ve started playing it I still haven’t figured out how to play it’s online multiplayer mode
I want a game that is 200GB. There should be selectable downloads for space if it gets that large.(Similar to what Warzone does) If I pay for content, I should still be able to access that content
When you do start catching up you'll realize you need the battlpass or to buy a dlc because the dlc you payed for is gone and without either of those you have just about nothing to do  (Edit: I love the gameplay and really want to play the game but feel like I'm locked behind a paywall)
i need more act man zavala 😂
Ive played since season 8 and really sank into it until just before the witch queen expansion came out then I cut it off completely due to school and having less then 5 hours of Free time each day. It really helped me get through the first 1-2 years of the pandemic.
18:34 who’s gonna tell him?
I have try to play this game has a new players but it was all so confusing that I stop and unistalled the game... It's a pity... because I really wanted to play this game... Thanks :D
Hey! I'm glad you're enjoying the game! I'm a regular player of it, I don't normally Comment on videos or things like that, but this is my favorite game! What I would suggest is going to some of the destiny Content Creators, such as Datto, FalloutPlays, Aztecross, ect. and looking at their build videos and taking notes! The unfortunate thing is that, as a new player, you kinda have to do that, but it certainly helps!
Every soyboy I know loves this game. It's a num-nums game. Chasing armor and guns that you'll use for a short time.
i really have no idea what im doing when i play destiny. wayyyyy to much going on. fun game though.
Honestly, a first time raid reaction from start to completion would be really cool to watch. If this continues
That sponsorship section was 1000/10, reminds me of "Arby n the Chief" classic perfection. <3
Bruh stopped play borderlands 2 instead of this copycat bs
Warframe players: first time?
YouTube Algorithm
As a veteran D2 player who has badgered a lot of his friends into playing i agree with all of this video.
I bought the Raycon earbuds using the discount code!
I was waiting for this video and it finally happened... He went back
Have you seriously still not played Warframe? That game is better in every way and it's free.
I have probably 2k hours in D2, another 1k in D1 and I walked away. Every expansion is just more of the same and I got burnt out. Happy for people who still enjoy it.
so happy to see you revisit D2, I understood why you ranked it so poorly last video. But I've felt like it improved drastically since you made that video and have been begging God to happen.
Exactly as I expected, destiny is a completely bloated medicore fps with feature creep and power creep with ZERO new innovation and the same exact dogshit level design. So glad I got off the destiny train after forsaken. I'm sad for the people who still main this game looking for new experiences when the last time it was fresh was kings fall. Move on folks.
Wasn't expecting and =3 reference. That's why i love the man that acts
Hold up. That was an equals 3 cool transition I know it when I see it! 2:56
For me the gameplay is extremely fun but I stopped playing it because of the amount of money you have to pay.
I loved playing destiny 2 with friends. I'd love it and still play it more if I didn't have to play it with my mouse in one hand and my credit card in the other.
How about the fact that every time this man makes a video its also trending on gaming. Bet my guy got all the maiden's in Hawaii
“If you’re not spending Moooneeey youuuu aren’t haviiing fUUuuuuuun”   I cracked up when you were talking in that sarcastic tone 😂
So you have turned to the dark side
I was wrong about destiny2 part 2 in a few weeks
The problem is still the endgame. Gets boring after you've finished everything. Only been playing strikes for like 6 years. And the pvp is not given nearly enough attention
I tried destiny last year again after a long time and the first quest line was still as boring as ever. why is anyone playing this?
I do wish they were variety in terms of level design cus the potential is there especially with how beautiful the level is
If you made ads I wouldn’t skip.
i also just re-picked up destiny 2 in the same time span and have never related more in my life about a user experience
That old leviathan armor set in thumbnail is a good touch
Bro I switched to destiny 2 after I got sick of halo infinite and haven’t played this game since like year 2 and all the new stuff was just so overwhelming lol I’ve been playing it for like a week and honestly I’m getting hooked again lol
Oh I'm so excited to watch this       Love this game but it is hard to get though but when you do it's some of the most glorious shit
Glad to see you're enjoying the game again! I also agree with a lot of your points in this video as well, though I do miss the old campaigns and locations. Can't wait to see if you do more content on this game!
LoL i just finished a 12 hour grind day and then i found this video. perfect end to the day.
I quit this game long ago when destiny 2 decided to remove most content. I found that tactic extremely scummy.
Go back to CyberPunk, they've made it playable now and a decent anime toboot
You unintentionally hit me with nostalgia with that vinyl alien in Thanos' hand.
Bruh, at 8:04, they just stole two fortnite skins and put them in their game. smh
I wonder how many cameos it would take for Lance Reddick to do a video with Act Man.
This is sad. Haven't watched the video yet but I know now Halo is dead 😔
Floating enemies are... way too common these days. I don't know why, but I see them almost everytime I play. The things Destiny does well, unfortunately, does not quite add up to a great game. Especially in the story department. Lore nerds scrape the flavor text all day to try and figure things out, and they still end up being wrong... because Bungie didn't actually write a cohesive universe/story/plot devices.
Thats what you get for playing Titan...
Its shit, and it has shills "no no the last expansion sucked this expansion is good" eternal loop. Glad to be rid of it.
the zavala impressions were funny af
One of the best games ever with friends fr
Pointless missions and copy pasted reskinned enemies for $40 is what drove me away. It seems that is still the case. Basically paying for map design and art, lol.
3:01 is that from old school Tony Hawk Pro Skater?
best sponsor segment
While this video neither sells the game nor is an outright dismissal, it looks like it was fun
Gonna be honest, right now is a really bad time to get back into D2... in fact ANY time since they reworked the new light experience is a terrible time... the new player experience is fucking GARBAGE and the returning player experience isn't much better. so much of it is just grinding for materials for upgrade modules and praying to RNJesus for the right crafting drop FINALLY.
a friend and i played it for like 3 hours, through that tutorial area. we came to this mutual agreement that it has nothing memorable going for it, at least nothing to hook us.
But Act Man, this season does have space Battles, sadly you dont get to fly a ship or anything.
This game is pretty damn fun now can’t lie… only wish I had friends to play with 😢
Destiny 2 is a fairly solid game with great and addicting gun play, like you've said. Perfect for players more interested in the PVE side of things that many games on the market can't seem to hold up to. But...  I think the community has kind of expressed some greviances with the series for some time. Primarily the toxic tendencies of the community, and the monetization aspect. Thankfully, first downside can be rectified by simply playing exclusively with some laid back friends or getting to know some players on a Discord server and teaming up that way. Second downside is thankfully fixed some by Bungie making it F2P, but the expansions and battle passes can still add up for those with tighter pockets.  Overall, it is a great game, and has made a massive turnaround since Witch Queen, but sadly for me, just didn't seem worth it to keep up with the game and put more money into it than I already had. I do have fond memories of my time playing though.
made me think of small soldiers with that let me out the box thing lol
Im i the only one who got AVGN vibes out of this??
18 on trending
Upload Number 1 asking for u to play dead by daylight on stream
I have the same feelings about the art from Cyberpunk. No matter how much that game or Destiny stumbles I can never deny how cool everything looks
I want u to si g for me
Why is you personifying a destiny 2 toy the funniest shit I’ve ever heard on your channel before 😂
All valid criticisms. If you're already a longtime player, the game is really awesome and kind of tailored to you. But if you're new, it's REALLY hard to get into without people guiding you through. The new player experience is pretty terrible. Their philisophy is that they wanted to let you hop in and immediately play most modes with your friends that might already play. But they really need more ingame guidance for what you should be doing and teaching you how a lot of the shit works.
Anyone know the name of the music at 10:12?
Zavala is now probably now into Caiatl and her Cabussy more than Ikora’s feet.
Ive been playing this game non stop and its a free game without gamepass or gold in the xbox so its one of the best games that are free like warframe.
I started playing Destiny back in the D1 beta, and while I take breaks, sometimes for 3 or 4 months at a time, I ALWAYS come back for new content. I am a regular, I love this game, and I think RIGHT NOW, it is in an incredibly good state, even with all of the problems that pop up.  Having said that, I knew IMMEDIATELY when I saw this video's thumbnail that the new player experience would be the central focus, and as an entrenched player I think I can speak for all of us when I say: Yeah dawg, that shit's fucked. If, like me, you've been playing regularly since the dawn of time, it's honestly no big deal. I don't think I've ever been confused where anything is, and because I learned all of the features AS they were being implemented, it's all very easy for me to follow. But new players? Lord help you, whatever tools USED to exist to ease you in to the game, they are now in the vault, and you just gotta sink or swim.  It's such a mess, and I'm actually really happy to see a larger youtuber, someone NOT connected to the Destiny community, make a video like this. I know Bungie KNOWS that this is an issue, but I feel like the more pressure builds, the more likely it is we'll see improvements. They've announced some stuff coming in Lightfall which is great but, man, I think it's gonna need more help than that, and videos like this will hopefully keep the attention HOT on this issue, ya know?  Anyways: To The Act Man, I just want to say, if you make some videos of you doing the dungeons blind, trying to figure out mechanics and whatnot... I'll watch the shit out of that. fyi, the "loot cave" you did was a dungeon. There's others like Shattered Throne, Duality, and Prophecy. They're basically mini-raids for 3 player teams instead of 6.  That's some CONTENT, my man!
I just tried Destiny 2 for 2 weeks *TLDR: Confusing af*  The mechanics is really really good, the lore is still understandable even though I know some basic "lore" The characters are dope and cool af.  Until I somehow follow a waypoint and it led me to a lvl100 raid (I'm only lvl 6, luckily some players nearby came to help and I just watched them decimating the enemies like trash in the wind while I got knocked in 1 melee) Then I tried coop match, fighting along side lvl X00 players against lvl X00 players (still 10 times under their level) There's a map where enemies keep spawning and the waypoint just jumping everywhere (waypoint at a building, nope, it's 100 miles away, nope, it's where you need to SIT DOWN and MEDITATE, what...why do I need to meditate?)
I played Destiny 2 for about 2 months straight and the grind just wears on you. Don’t have time for it anymore. It was fun while it lasted but I just have no desire to return again. 2 runs was enough for me. Bungie needs to take Halo back and I don’t care if they never do, won’t stop me from dreamin’
Here you really should have played the mw2 beta , the UI was clearly designed by monkeys it's actually hilariously bad. I'd love to have hears you rip it apart!!
Honestly after this I really want an act man borderlands 2 video
Excellent work Guardian. But by the light why must this game be so complicated to understand.
Ok so here are the things that got me like LMA FUCKING OOOO:  He says he is overwhelmed. You came back after 4 years and expect to understand everything?😂 You are 1540 and your whining ass says you might be over leveled ?😂😂😂 Oh so you like the seals and triumphs ? Just wait for the lightfall update .  And i highly suggest that you go and watch the lightfall reveal stream . It will help . Trust me
Now I'm curious : how would you compare Destiny to Warframe ? Both are often compared and I'd like to hear/watch your opinion.
Huh, thanks for opening my eyes to why I was getting 26 FPS no matter what graphics settings I had it on: because I was streaming with OBS! I guess next time I do a raid with the boys it’ll be Shadowplay recorded and edited.
That ad transition was pretty good  Unironically, more Zavala content please
So I'm someone who you'd consider "hardcore" I've played damn near every piece of content destiny has had to offer. Seeing this video from you makes me extremely happy to know even the games with some of the worst pasts can captivate you enough to enjoy it. And all the complaints you have are things I completely agree with, logging on daily I'm still bombarded with ads. Excellent video man!
Yep, this is me! I got back into it after 3 years gone & am 110% confused as f*ck! All my stuff is obsolete, I have no clue as to where to go! I used to be able to get into the game solo & join up with in game! Now everything looks empty! To me there is way too much for there to not be a tutorial! I uninstalled & won't come back unless I here that the game changes to help out returning and or new players!
I paid for both of those DLC's that they removed... So, where is my comp on my purchase? So... Yeah...
Why the fuck would you ever play destiny 2? So Bungie can just keep removing content you payed $30+ for every few months? I'm genuinely blown away that Bungie can just blatantly remove the majority of content from a payed dlc and idiots will still keep playing the game and buying more expansions they know will be removed completely in a few months. Only the Destiny community is dumb enough to spend hundreds of dollars on content they know will just be removed months later...
I am glad you look refreshed from your holiday! 💚💚💚
Thank God someone is pointing this out with destiny 2
Toy story has entered the most entertaining timeline
Damn just looking at the menu ui moving as you move your cursor makes me puke haha
now pley peeveepee :)
If anyone needs Sherpas for Kings fall or VOG I’ll be happy to help! I play on Xbox so if anyones new to raiding or returning who want to do some just message me! Gt- Endercommand
Bounced off D2 after Forsaken. Tried again with Shadowkeep. Beyond light and it's seasonal content cemented me in for the last 2 years. Not everything is amazing but the story has been consistently solid if not great at points and the more destiny leans into RPG systems the more I'm hooked.  Playing as a new player on a fresh account though... that shit is rough. On top of all the campaigns being disjointed and available all at once, all the mods that make build crafting awesome are locked behind a limited selection that is on a timed rotation.
hey act man if u wanna try a shooter play gundam evolution its free. so it doesnt hurt you to give it a shot. its basically overwatch
The story has also improved by leaps and bounds. The seasonal story model is fantastic. Keeps me coming week after week.
10:33 *Laughs in Glaive*
I can't be the only one that heard Your Narrator.
Ngl,that Raycon ads is masterclass
Those Zavala skits had me dying of laughter I hope we get more stuff like that in future videos
You should collaborate with “My Name is Byf” and have him try to explain destiny lord in a short amount of time
Honestly glad to see a big YouTuber that isn’t a diehard fan for years to come back to Destiny 2. The game has very strong YouTubers but if you like it a stay longer then I am all for it.
I tried to get into Destiny 2 because of GamePass and had to be carried by little brother. I never felt so immasculated because he’s 8 years younger than me
You should have datto show you how to play the game
Yep game is still boring and repetitive
It´s amazing how literally everything is explained in a kilometric text but new players just don´t read. How about you try to investigate by yourself? When I started in 2018 it took me months to get confident with the game, but I enjoyed the mysteries.
You need to create a new character. It will tell you how to play the game by putting you through a tutorial mission and crap
Its funny because i returned as well. i've been enjoying it and im at 1585
As a hard-core veteran player, trust me, you arent alone in the slightest. Everyone is veerrryy well aware how awful the new/returning player experience is 💀 hopefully Bungie is working on it internally. Im glad you were still able to enjoy your time!!
Thank you for covering destiny
The advice I give everyone starting this game is. To get a guide, ask for help, do it with friends, stick it out past the tutorial.
Hey fuck you this is my favorite game only I'm allowed to hate it make fun of it and point out its many many flaws
1:22
i really appreciate the old =3 transition. Its kinda cool to know we both enjoyed the same content at one point lol Squaids
1:22 desubscribing
This was an amazing video lmao
I played destiny but when they removed a big chunk of the game it deleted all my saves and I couldn't get the back. I don't feel like restarting because I'm a sucker for lore and story and they took a lot of it out and it could happen again. Unless they bring back everything and bring back a sense of progression, instead of starting with all but 1 super unlocked, i will never return.
On the one hand, you’re completely right, on the other, this is a game I’ve been playing since launch and my girlfriend has recently started playing and become addicted 😂 You may not know what you’re doing, but you’ll still be having fun.
I have about 1,000 hours in Destiny 2 right now and I 100% agree with you. current new light experience is awful. I also have ADHD and have moments where the menus get completely overwhelming, leaving me sitting there having to process what I went there to do in the first place. aside from that, the game is great fun with fantastic set pieces and music. My girlfriend and I started doing Dungeons with just the two of us lately and that's been fun to do. We've finished Grasp of Avarice twice and got to the very last boss of Duality before that dungeon forced us to throw in the towel. we have not had so much fun being sweats in a game together in a LONG time.  The ultimate problem with the new light experience is the fact that they vaulted the Red War arc. it did a *MUCH* better job of gradually adding layers to the gameplay loop and easing you into what you have ahead of you. for example, each new location you went to focused on a different faction and what their focuses and weaknesses were. you'd be introduced to the Hive on Titan, the Vex and Taken on Io, etc. Now though, you just finish the mission, talk to these guys, then good luck you're on your own. it's patchwork and obviously so. (Though it is nice to see the Cosmodrome and the classic intro again. Still kinda miss Dinklebot though, despite North being overall much better)
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
12:16 they did add moth people. Behold savathun
Reason you can’t upgrade old armour is cause they reworked the system. If you go to your exotic collection you can craft them up and can level them too <3
personally I love destiny. I've been addicted since D1. Yeah the game has its flaws but it really is the only game that can satisfy multiple things for me. The game has improved a lot over time and hopefully will continue to evolve and be even better.
"i shoot, therefore i am" omg i fuckin lost it to that
Been playing the game for a long time solo, none of my friends really play the game but the beginning is pretty accurate, that’s just how it is for MMO’s they’re all complicated and bombard you with info, but I’m a sucker for that stuff and always make it my goal to learn it all and make friends, which I have done
What you went through is exactly what I went through a month ago. Came back after stopping around Curse of Osiris. I was confused as heck with 60+ quests, new mechanics, and missing a third of locations. But after spending a couple of weeks, I feel like I am at a good place that I feel comfortable. I'm just chipping away at all the quests right now and getting my light level up (1590 gang now). I like it. I feel that Destiny is at a good place where there is something for everyone.  And I agree, this is a game best played with friends. I have none that play this, but I have been joining fireteams with mic on and I have a blast being with randos and have made a few Destiny pals now.
3:01 that =3 transition unlocked some core memories of 2009 for me.
I have no idea wtf I b doin in destiny 2.   Every blue moon I get on and just do random shit with random mofos for a while b4 uninstalling again. Only to come back eons later to reinstall and rinse and repeat 😂
I am continuing to harass ActMilf for a ResidentEvil7 masterpiece review
I’ve been playing this shit for way to long
Act Man! I've been watching your content for years. (great content btw keep it up.)I just paused at 1:22 because I saw a comment saying to play to the transformer Cybertron games and I couldn't agree more. Fall of Cybertron is the most underrated gem I have ever played. I can not give you a stronger recommendation.
I used to be addicted to Destiny 2. I’ve been playing it for so long, and I just got out of it because of Elden Ring. It’s a great game, but very difficult to leave and come back from
Will there ever be a "Sea of thieves ...  Years later" ?
No one cares.
I’ve been playing Destiny since 2015, and I’ve seen a lot of ups and downs. Destiny 2 is in a pretty good spot right now for the most part, but the raids and dungeons are what I care about the most. Playing with a group of friends is what makes Destiny special
The Zavala impression is spot on
When you said "SHUT UP" I felt that. It was only comeback for like 3 years. Lol
Where are youuuuuu
Im really glad that you gave Destiny another chance it’s really an amazing gane
14:05 uh... You wanna make a video complaining about the tutorial pitfalls of Warframe just to be funny?
Cringe. Bad game
Bungie's biggest mistake for destiny 2 is half assing the transition to "new light" from the red war campaign while also going all the way down on MMO/RPG mechanics. Thankfully Lightfall is adding more systems to ease new player experience but its going to have to be done right
Honestly could watch a video of you guys doing Zavala impressions
So you're a fellow Sunbreaker? Welcome to the mercenaries.
That one gun you had kinda looks like a battle rifle
Hello Guardians, my name is mynameisbyf and it's noted in the "Penisbutt's Gambit" lore card that Zavala did receive a sympathy footjob from Ikora during the battle of six fronts...I'll see you starside...
Picked up the game a month ago, about a week in I bought a couple DLC packs and instantly realized there is no explanation on how to play them or get the items that are included so I immediately dropped the game in frustration.  Everything is just too confused
It's ironic that while halo infinite forgot that it was a party game originally, destiny shines in that regard when it comes to raids and dungeons with friends.
Mr. Acting Gentleman! Bungie themselves aknowledged how new-player UNfriendly the game is, and have plans to fix (or at least try to) this problem in Febuary when the newest expansion releases, as a free update to all players.
You should definitely play the Witch Queen legendary campaign if you haven't. The legendary campaign is the exact sort of highly curated experience I've been wanting from Destiny and I'm really happy they're doing the same thing for Lightfall.
This review is SPOT ON!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
Love the Avgn type skits
I had this same issue when I tried Destiny 2. I played for a few hours but it was all too much to take in all at once, so I stopped and haven't played since.
Took you long enough, Act Man.
can we please get a full zavala parody of i miss you
Locking out old content without bothering to update it and keep it available screams laziness from Bungie.  Least when Capcom updates Monster Hunter, they at least have everything updated accordingly and don’t usually lock anything away (I stress usually). Makes no damn sense.
When it became free to play I've installed it and played a few hours. Didn't encouraged me enough to follow its chaotic narrative. And hell did it felt chaotic and irritating for someone who never played any destiny. Installed it again a few weeks ago hoping to have at least something to play in times where Halo and Battlefield are so shit. Destiny uninstalled ✅
Occasionally, I reinstall and play for a few hours then uninstall again. I’ve had so much fun that I  have thought Destiny 2 could be my go to game. However, all of the materials and currencies completely turned me off. It’s crazy convoluted. I could absolutely do it. I just don’t want to.
I absolutely adore Destiny, and this has been a massive pain point for the game for a long time, but Bungie are starting to work on the new player experience, with the next expansion, they're adding a path to follow with "Guardian ranks" that'll give you like a list of stuff to do, I'm hoping that helps get people into it because it's a really fun time
The game is an 8/10 playing with friends and a 5/10 alone.
If you start playing without any idea what going on and you don't have a friend to introduce you to what's going on, It's gonna be hard to get into........... I started in Witch Queen and my friend explained everything to me. After that, it was a blast playing it.
Oof
I'm sorry but there's nothing you can really do if you haven't played since the word go, I have. Destiny was and is one of those games where where you were either on this ship when it left the port or you never got on the ship in the first place, or you jumped off the side during the ride and are now trying to climb back on but the ship is 10 miles away and disappearing over the horizon. If you missed out, you missed out. It can't be helped.  If you wanna get back in now, you're only hope is to go YouTube and wiki diving to figure out where everything is.
That impression is just spot on, it's perfect.
Naughty Zavalas get put back into their packaging
when i stopped playing warframe for a year and then coming back to see what was new...this video summarize my experience mostly. The sponsor was damn funny Acting Male hahaha
During the Zavala bit, I think you actually sounded more like Nathan Fillion.  I wish we could just play the campaign again..
Bro, I hadn’t touched destiny 2 since it’s launch. I dove back in this august… I know have 500 hours on this game. I have been enjoying the shit out of it! Was confusing at first, but it’s really worth figuring out!!! Glad you’re having fun!
7:00 Bro, Bungie literally has a guide. Either use a capture card, or use window capture SPECIFICALLY IN THE WINDOWS 1903 MODE. Then play the game in windowed fullscreen.
This video spoke to me, because I downloaded it for the first time a week ago and just spent my time not knowing what the fuck was going on.
I've been playing destiny since day one of the first destiny and lived through the good times and the bad but in the end I always loved the feeling like a cosmic badass especially since I got my best  friend to play it and it's been amazing as a veteran too watch her go from absolutely refusing the game to a fledgling guardian to where she's now a cosmic badass that occasionally will actually out rank me in light level at times
Yeah this game is hard to get into.
I loved this game but their thought the game was "too big" (GB I mean) and what was their reponse? FUCKING GET RID OF THE CONTENT for a year or two, INCLUDING dlcs. Imagine paying for a thing you can’t even access
This damm game has had my soul for the last 5 years, and can confidently say that it's hard as hell to understand what you're doing and why the events of the story are happening but once you get a grasp of it, it's so addictive
I played back in D1 and was having fun for a bit.... until the DLC started dropping. I hated how weapons became obsolete even after spending hours upon hours getting it and having fun with it. Since they didn't really change that model going into D2 I stopped playing altogether.
God now I wanna play destiny 💀
Its so hard to want to play this game cause I played the beta and the base game when it first came out and then i couldn't play after the first expansion came out. Now I want to play what I missed but that content has been killed. Lost forever.
The game isn't complete if you don't use me in every bit of content from gms to trials to gambit.  Even when I am not the best gun.  I'm a fun gun.  Just four barrels shooting randomly in a general direction.  Like that autoshotgun from gta
3:02 IS THAT THE OG RAYWILLIAMJOHNSON TRANSITION
I stopped playing thus game because the crucible is ruined by cheap, talentless, one shot supers.  And the game damn near forces you into the crucible or gambit to get certain gear or level your light.
This game always just feels like something to grind to me even raids I’m already well versed in this game but I never find playing activities interesting after the first time. The gun play is pretty solid but I don’t find it all that entertaining because the enemies just aren’t interesting like halos enemies.
I never thought I'd hear Zavala sing I Miss You by blink-182 lol   This just made my whole week. Thanks Ac- I mean Zavala!
Thanks. I remember buying it 6 years ago. Didn’t get around to it. Then decided I didn’t want to spend the time investment or the space on my ps4.
Lmao the deer analogy is perfect
Nobody tell him about warframe.
I was really pumped to see a Destiny 2 video Act Man!  The editing and humor was top notch. Had me laughing.   I think you hit the iron where it’s hot by pointing out this games new player on boarding experience. I feel like the game needs a full beginner campaign that teaches you about guns and their types/perks, what stats do, mods for your armor along with a bunch to start with, and just how to progress your power and the systems around that.   If that sentence sounded long it’s because there’s a lot of work that can be put into improving the beginners experience.  I loved that you pointed out that Destiny 2 is just more fun when you play with your buddies.  Anyway, thanks for the awesome video. Peace.
I challenge someone to recreate act man as a actual destiny 2 character, thumbnail armor and all,
This video feels like it’s from another era and the =3 reference didn’t help lmao love your work sir
the dungeons is destiny are what the strikes should be
I started playin destiny 2 while ago think in june its a fun game and it would be ok for me to be 200 GB big tbh cause most games these days suck so why not make a game bigge that keeps players playing it
Second time you say you have ADHD so there's a question. Really have ADHD?
tbt to the =3 transition
Destiny 2 is one of those games that once you have 1000 hours in the game it becomes fun
You look like the White Power Ranger in the thumbnail.
it has been really fun but damn do we need Red War again to ease the new players in
It's one of my favorite games that I don't play. 😅
Recently picked up destiny and I encountered that exact same floating cabal. Still lost but not lost at the same time
You should do a collab with MarcoStyles if you're jumping back into Destiny. He could lead you through a raid.
Act Man love your videos they are amazing and entertaining! Continue the amazing content!
You made one big mistake. The addiction will start
You've reached the endgame when you start raging about phalanx shields in the duality dungeon.
Didn't know I needed a feet pics I miss you in my life 😂
This is actually a fantastic review of what the game is. I took a break for a year and it already feels overwhelming again 😅
the user experience improves over time but it is pretty horrible for new players and bungie have never really addressed it
How did you get a glaive?
Am glad they got you back fucking YouTube fucking over people
I have huge love towards the game for its concept, story and music, but I feel really bad for people just starting out, not knowing any of that. Especially during the time the game forced new players into Dares of Eternity before anything else.
Ah yes destiny the greatest let down ever
Thumbs up
great video. ive been debating picking up destiny for the first time and this has definitely helped my decision
Yo if your on ps4 hmu
I think Act Man has deprived himself of his weekly dose of CE for too long. He’s starting to lose it.
0:53 -0:58 mw2 beta review
Sadly I have no one to play with so the solo play gets boring incredible quickly
Nice video. I hope we will see on steam and youtube.
YOOOOOO FEMBOY BESTIES REVIEW CONFIRMED!
I really enjoyed Forsaken back in the day, it was a breath of fresh air, and anyone could easily realize that the any content prior to Forsaken was stale. Shadowkeep and Beyond Light weren't able to live up to the Forsaken expansion. The Witch Queen however, feels like another Forsaken to me. I like it very much.  New or returning player experience is indeed shit though. I really don't know why Shadowkeep and Beyond Light is there. Especially Beyond Light; just allow people to unlock Stasis already. You go through an entire campaign only to start unlocking shit after you finish it. And it is a time-gated bullshit that shouldn't exist right now...
I only recently just got back into Destiny 2 after years of leaving it alone, it took me quite a few hours of learning everything up until now. I was so disappointed about my armour too until I found out a long time later about collections and you could remake your gear with the new perks, would’ve helped for more obvious tutorials. Also the story in the map menu to get you up to date with all the dlcs you may have missed is great but not obvious. This game though some how I just can’t put down.
This isn't a halo video but it is a bungie one close enough letss gooo
12:06 I felt that in my soul. I started playing again during that week that all the expansions were free and I would just sit there, overwhelmed lmao
Your the best act man. I love your stuff
I would play a destiny 3 if that’s something that comes out but I feel like I’m far too late to start playing destiny 2
This is my personal ride or die game  but holy hell does bungie need to fix the new light experience  Esit: Also I would say come back during the next expansion "Lightfall" as I myself am really looking forward to it
Also check out IHE's new D2 vid. Looks like another scorned Destiny player that just can't let go.
3:01 that transition just brought so many memories.
You just made the video to justify turning a fever dream you had once of zavala doing an racon ad read didnt you? Gotta say 10/10, I might hate destiny but the video made it worth it going through the pain of all the wasted money(why is destiny dlc's so expinsive on brasil...)
Tbh I'm having alot of fun with the game and I did get the 100$ dlc and my goodness the weapon Is awesome to use but I'm actually getting bored of d2 which is why I bought the dlc so when it comes out I can have something to do lol but if you need help with getting witch queen done I could help out with that but it's ok if you gotten that done already lol but still a great video and I'm quite surprised you came back to d2 lol I can't wait for your next video
This video really made me giggle.
"It just works" Except for Duality. Duality does not work 😂
"Nobody wants a 200gb game" me laughing as I look at my 350gb ark survival evolved game🤣🤣
I dropped Halo Infinite and went over to Destiny 2 and am completely loving it. Can't get enough!!
I played Destiny 2 when it came out did the first raid and quit. I got back on recently and don't have the achievement or whatever the fuck it was for completing the first raid and the DLC I bought was basically destroyed. All the gear I had was so useless and I had to instantly abandon all I had to use what trash drops the game gave me. The amount of times I was pushed to buy shit in the game BLEW MY MIND I honestly couldn't fathom how much the game wants me to buy stuff. I don't think Destiny 2 is worth my time and I regret paying for it to begin with. I don't have any of the real DLC for this game and only have the first 2 things it called DLC but aren't DLC idfk it's confusing af. There was basically nothing for me to do in the game.
I’m glad you decided to give the game another chance. The new player experience is quite bad I’ll admit but if you have friends to guide you through it’s a great time. Recently got some of my friends back into it and it’s been a lot of fun
The AVGN homage Sponsor is pure GOLD
Having friends is THE reason to play this game, and starting fresh or coming back is really only possible if you have one to guide you (Bungie should do something about this)  But it's nice that you enjoyed it, it's a great game when you get around to finding content to do (as long as that content isn't Gambit, please god don't do this to yourself Act Man)
I stopped playing this game 2-3 years ago now, just required so much time. Really loved the game but just didn’t have the time to grind it anymore. Happy to see the game is in a better place than when I left it. Destiny 1 and 2 hold a special place in my heart ☺️
Playing with friends is the best and is the reason why D2 is my favourite game
Ooooh... Can't wait for your review of  Femboy Besties!🤣😂
@actman this is you at your best with you being... THEACTMAN great editing and video. If you ever need an aspiring voice actor hit me up :) , but to be honest your doing fine on ur own lol
you had essentially the exact same experience as I had, I stopped playing a little bit after trying out forsaken and came back to it about a month ago. I was overwhelemed and didnt stick around, I just gave up cause I didnt know what I was supposed to do.
Game better with the homies. FAQS.
When someone makes a Raycon add entertaining, they reach legendary level
This video encapsulates why I want destiny 3 to come out so badly. A lot of people badly need/want a reset to be able to play this game.
The Zavala bit throughout had me at my heels
Act Man, have you heard of Enlisted? It's like Battlefield but with a special twist.
Bungie and Netease possibly bringing Destiny 1 on mobile....looks like they want some of the moolah that CoD is making....
Zavala NEEDS to return in other vids. PLEASE
Welcome back to hell my friend
Bro be careful this game grabbed me by the balls about 2 years ago
I stopped around the end of 2019 due to life circumstances, but D2 had some of my gaming experiences, particularly raiding with friends. And that gunplay and feel, just chef's kiss! I wanted to get back to it recently, but I just can't anymore with the new mechanics, content, and the sunsetting turned me off. I would certainly love more D2 content from you.
That =3 transition was a blast from the past. Holy fuck
Your stuff is old in terms of why you can’t level up your exotics and the tutorials happen when you start a new character
I started playing Destiny since right before Taken King in d1 and have fallen in love with the game. I mostly played solo but still enjoyed playing even alone. I made some friends while playing and taking people through raids, met ones during shadow keep and have been playing with them ever since.   D2 is definitely a game I cherish but It does have it's problems like the lew light experience is not good right now. They are going to try and fix it during the next big expansion, which are steps in the right direction.
Destiny 2 is quite possibly the best game of all time.
17:45 Currently running 4 friends new to the game through vault of glass, can confirm they are very stumped at the difficulty change, pretty much have their hands full trying to survive, leave me to do mechanics. Can confirm it is jarring for new players. Also fun to watch them struggle.
Def more destiny
I have 6300 hours in d2, id say I enjoy it.👍
Act man you say you are a picky gamer. YOU NEED TO PLAY SUBNAUTICA! Its one of the best games ever. Worth every second I put into that game.
Great vid
Do all the dungeons. Do all the raids. I love crucible but enter at your own risk.  Try gambit if you never have. At least for a little while it'll be one of the coolest things you've ever played but it eventually gets old.
As a diehard Destiny fan who considers it to be my favorite franchise of all time I do have to admit that the game as it currently stands is in its worst shape that its ever been and that the game died with Season of Arrivals before the launch of Beyond Light when half of the game's content was vaulted. The reveal of the new Lightfall DLC really leaves a lot to be desired as it seems like its a sharp departure of Destiny's look and feel up to this point. Kinda sad what this new era of Bungie has to offer. If they ever hypothetically got Halo back they would ruin that franchise the same way it is now
Bother welcome back to the light
Good idea
OK, I get why you don't take suggestions, but Hades is an excellent game. It's definitely not a first person shooter though.
The mf Zavala sponsor plug is gold bro😂😂
I video other than halo or internet drama , it's been so long
The halo guns are free
16:45 "put your last two brain cells together and do fucking something" *Throws hammer*[le bonk] "fuck you!!!"  the was the most titan response i've aver seen and i'm proud of you
Josh Strife Hayes recently did a video talking about horizontal and vertical progression.  I think it really sucks that your old gear is absolutely useless now and that the old & early game content for Destiny 2 has not only have been rendered useless, but essentially just straight up removed.  That's why I acknowledge RuneScape and am currently really enjoying Guild Wars 2 right now. Both games have old content that is still relevant to the late game, even with all of the new additions.  Even out of the MMORPG sphere, lots of decent games have good early game/content that remains useful/relevant. In Forza/Gran Turismo/early Need for Speed, your first few cars can carry you far into the game. With Dark Souls, your first armor set and weapon can be good enough for the last boss. Lots of starter weapons in the Modern Warfare series were great.
Team Fortress 2
Gonna be brutally honest here I’ve played since day 1 of destiny 1 and it peaked about 3 years go with forsaken and the current state of the game is not rewarding for hardcore players and the pvp is a shitshow and worse than mw2.  If you are looking to play this game get ready to spend over 100$ to get all the content and not even understand the story because it’s been 8 years and even bungie doesn’t know the story. Raids are fun though
I love the videos where you have a second voice you banter with, like with Johnny silver hand and now Zavala
Guardian, it seems something scary with a silly name has appeared. Go shoot it until it stops being scary or else humanity will be lost in the next solar eclipse.
Why is prey 2017 so awesome!?
im glad youre giving the game another shot! its still got a few issues imo, but its soo much better than it used to be
Would like to see him actually finish a raid
Honestly if Bungie just at least kept the Red War campaign for the New Light it would really ease new players into the game.
It is both a blessing and a curse that destiny 2 has focused more on the hardcore players rather than the more casual and new players. As a person who has essentially fallen into the trap that is this game, it gets better the more you play it. The only real issue with the community and bungie is communication. Many features bungie implements always feel like something the player base didn't ask for, but I guess when half of the destiny community on twitter harasses a dev over an exotic armour piece from the first game, then less communication would make sense.   On a side note, I hate everythings review of witch queen is one of my favourite videos of his
cant wait for the zanny collab
Why is he playing on disc when it's bin free for over 2 years
you can disable the text lmao idk why they didnt tell you
i came back 7 months ago after not playing for 4 years. i was so confused. but once you spend a gaming session figuring it out (as well finding a good guide video for returning players) it all comes together. i play everyday and theres always something to do now. like my comment and ill give you my discord and explain everything you havent figured out
If you are getting into destiny 2 you will have no clue what the story is because well bungie kinda removed the entire story from the other DLCs and the story about the game in general
I really love this game man, I've been here since d1 and I agree that they've made a huge comeback. But the new light experience has definitely become a rough one. And I also agree that they've definitely improved on the weapon system so that now we don't have to go to D2 gunsmith to see stats. (unless you don't have the gun) I really appreciate this game even in the times of lagging guardians in trials with jotunes. And hey man just a little tip, I highly recommend watching @Aztecross, he's a very helpful guy and he's put out a ton of guides.
3:05 YUGI’S PUZZLE😭😭😭
Who tf cares about main menu music?!
Why not revisit Sea of Thieves, I'd like to hear your opinion.
The act man has gone insane
Any time yo tr to capture destiny, you have to use windowed mode
You da man Act Man 👍
Honestly I agree with you most about how confusing the game can be for new and returning players. I am a player who stuck with Destiny since launch back in 2014, so I have thankfully been able to experience every bit of content, story progression, and gameplay redesigns. That being said I have no issues personally. But I can immediately understand the hell of trying to get into a game that doesn't even contain a vanilla campaign to introduce you to the game's world and mechanics. The Destiny Content Vault has been a pain point ever since it went into effect in 2020, and leaving new players with nothing to help them out (the tiny quest with Shaw Han does NOT supplement the vaulted content btw) makes it hard for me to recommend the game. Not to mention how crazy and confusing the story is without the year 1 and year 2 stories around anymore, and without anything that can retell the Destiny 1 stories that isn't a third party wiki or a youtuber like My Name is Byf.   I'm really hoping Bungie crafts a better introductory experience, or better yet find a way to reintroduce the year 1 and year 2 content without putting too much strain on the engine and file size. It would be a blessing to new players, as well as veteran players that miss older content and weapons
I hesitated to play destiny because of how people said it was bad and curse of osiris and warmind was not worth it. Now playing it now, it's worth buying the dlc when you can especially when its on sale and have fun with friends.
The division 2 is way better than this game in all its forms
very close to my reaction why i first started destiny this month, i figured it out, but as a person who never played destiny 1 and got in where the game currently sits. I. HAVE. NO. IDEA. WHAT IM. DOING. STORYWISE. its like a weird scavenger hunt to find story and place faces to the names i hear, worse half the characters are dead or content is just strait removed, but mentioned... i have no idea what a guardian is, what im fighting for, who these people are. its a good thing im good with borderlands style numbers or i would suck as well. i rerolled crucible trying to figure out what the stats mean. got a ascendant shart that is apparently hard to get, and am in the 30th on the season pass ranks. and i have no idea what my goal is. i just fill Xp bars and get borderlands gun drops. ( still a better story than borderlands 3 so far tho )
can you make a video on the mw2 open beta?
forget the video, the fact that you straight up spoiled a part of dragon ball for me is enough.
Shit game and it will always be shit.
This was a good review, even if it was just from a toe dipping after 4years. You hit the nail on the head though, complex af (hopefully lightfall sorts that out for new lights) but also just fun.
Played up to the first raid before the game had expansions and stopped playing. Never picked it back up because all the expansion content and stuff is too daunting for me....its so fun though and the animations/sounds and shooting is great. Its a shame.
I got some Arby n chief/AVGN vibes from this video and I like it. 👍🏻
i loved destiny 1 i was lucky enough to have a good clan i hated destiny 2 and after they removed all the content i spent over $150 on that was the straw that broke the camels back. I understand saving storage space but when the content that replaces it is just as boring or them releasing older content from the game I already played you can shove that content up your ass bungie
I’ve been waiting for this video for so long, as a Destiny slave & ActMan fan
Man I recently started playing destiny and I had the same exact feeling like I haven't played in a week now because I have no idea what to do
Never got into it really. Fun to watch though. Splatoon 3 is my time sinker as of now.
Played since day one of destiny one and ever since it has just been the must enjoyable game ever.
I bought all the old dlc and I can't play the any more and if I want any story I need to bye more dlc what???
Been trying so hard to get back into the game but it's so frustrating i just end up uninstalling. I loved the game but now it just feels...boring and overwhelming for me :c
Destiny 2 is the epitome of  "I hate it so much, I am gonna keep playing it"
When are you gonna make a video for Metal Hellsinger???  What about Bullets Per Minute?  You love metal and rock songs right? You love nordic or demonic themes in games like Doom and God of War right???
Review Femboy Besties. Seriously I'm waiting
We need a collab between Act Man and Zanny, that would be amazing!
Holy Shit
This game help my relation with my dad. We had very bad time in a bad business. Then we install Destiny 2 Beyond Light and since then we have very good Friday nights of Crucible, Gambit, Vanguard and Dungeons ...
Never played Destiny or its sequel. Although I did enjoy watching a grown man having fun with his doll for twenty minutes. Sorry. I meant his "action figure."
Y'know, I feel this pain as someone who comes from a game with a similarly bad new player experience. Come to think of it, I'm pretty sure Warframe is even worse about it. Essentially take Act Man's example with the Rubix Cube but now your hands are tied behind your back and you have to solve it with your teeth instead. I still love Warframe though, and I definitely need to give this game a try too
You should check out GTFO
This game looks horrid lol
You should go play ultrakill
Who gonna tell him bright engrams still exist they just have a different name
You should make a bf4 review
Love the thumbnail 😂😂
1:23 Wut.......
I hate destiny 2 at the moment
What is the difference between 'vaulting' and removing?
I also just returned to destiny 2 in the last couple weeks and I also have no idea what I’m doing
Looking at my 2.5mil account final blows. I had and still have an addiction chasing 2014-2015D1 feeling.
The Act Man: "I don't who I am, I don't know why I'm here, all I know is that I must kill.
I’m mad that he chose to use Zavala during the ad and not sexy gigachad Lord Shaxx. Man is literally destiny’s version of Siegward from Ds3
I love you content bro, and for some reason I'm really considering buying ray-con headphones now 🤣🤣
its about damn time. Now play, grind, enjoy
As someone who stopped playing after d2 launch (og d1 player btw) decided to come back during season of arrivals in shadowkeep, I heard that the content was first getting removed with beyond light so I set out on a task to beat everything before it gets removed (raids secret missions etc) and I had a blast coming back and playing them seeing as gameplay wise a lot had been added and changed but nothing was to mind numbing to understand, then beyond light dropped and by god I hated it, the raid was fun but everything else sucked and I pre ordered the edition with the seasons so I came back every now and again to see what was new to get my moneys worth and then 30th anniversary came out asking for more money so I just zoned out from the game completely until my friends wouldn’t shut up about how much better witch queen was and after a month after launch I got it and I had a blast but all I could think the entire time was “it’s taken them around 10 years to finally make a cohesive dlc that is actually challenging and fun” I know that they can still do better but this dlc was a step in the right direction atm seasonal model aside
GHOST: MW2 review incoming
11:25 yeah one of my friends got destiny a few weeks ago and I had to be the qualified expert. A proper tutorial really needs to be added.
Big mistake, its just as shit as Halo is now
Ayo, you should join up in Hot Dog Bung Water
Hello fellow gurdian
You're incredibly good at this. I truly enjoy your ability to explain things with just the perfect amount of humor. I prior to the video had no desire to play Destiny 2 but now will likely check it out.
The game that I would love to see you review is the first dying light.
I lost it at the inclusion of the "YOU'RE WINNER!" trophy splash. Please do this more haha
Act man you should review subnautica
Good add, I appreciate adds incorporated into the video! So much more fun
Destiny should just be sandbox type single player games with an Online component similar to GTA . I dont think it works very well as an immersive MMORPG. It relies to heavily on multiple currencies as expansion on expansion gets added. Better if they just made big mega standalone games.
I love destiny and have put well over a 1000 hours into, however I do agree that the new player experience is lacking and a set of tutorial videos or a guidebook of sorts would massively help the new and returning players. Overall, once you do get into the meat of the game and start to learn the mechanics of the game, especially with friends, destiny becomes a totally different animal that I don’t think has ever been replicated. I have never had the feeling of experiencing a raid for the first time anywhere else. I’m glad he went back and revisited it.
the whole vaulting content thing killed my interest in this game, why get invested and buy shit if bungie might take that away one day on a whim?
I just did this a few days ago, only difference is I said Naw I'm good.
Can't wait for the femboy bestie vods
Destiny is good again. Buy all the dlcs and work your way through them. Not all of them are great but all of them are at least decent and the game has a ton of content now so as long as you do a variety of things you won't run out of things to do any time soon.
Destiny 2 is not very compelling or fun for a F2P player, its just for normies who are like "yo the graphics are good, here's 80 dollars"
The same is happening to me but for Final Fantasy 14
Predatory season pass is predatory.
Destiny 1 is the game which cure my gaming addiction, it was such a great game but such a disappointment at the same time. Then a couple years later I tried destiny 2 as it was free but I couldn't understand anything so I just played 15minutes and uninstall it
Wait I hopped back on destiny a few weeks ago wtf perfect timing act man
One of the reasons the differences between Destiny 2 in 2018 and now are so different is because its starting to lean a lot more into the MMO-lite genre than looter-shooter. Lots of buildcrafting, resource management, etc.  Run while you can! Save yourself!!
It’s nice to hear what Act man thought of destiny’s current state. It’s definitely not new player friendly. I’d love to see what he thinks of the monetization in destiny. Also the Zavala parody was funny at first but became a bit too much
11:07 Isn’t that the state of retail World Of Warcraft past vanilla XD
I recently tried to get back into destiny and bring a friend with me. I have to say, attempting to get him through new player shit while trying to discover what was new was just such a horrible experience. It made me not want to play.
You bought the expansion? Which one has all the content? I ain't paying $350 usd for all those expansions separately.
nah "savathuns savapussy" is craZy 😕😕😂😂
Man if you get lost in Destiny 2 in don't knowing where to go next to keep playing, try Warframe, that game just cuts you off right before the tutorial with no clue of what to do next
I can say this is the first time in about 5 years that I haven’t felt cheated after spending $80 on this game lol
Dude. I'm years behind on Destiny 2 content and I've played almost daily for years 🤣 *good fucking luck*
they been cutting content since D1
Act Man, it just hit me how long I’ve been subscribed to you. Every video you put out is a banger. It’s good to have you around man
Review payday 2
He’s made Zavala sound like Vulkan from TTS
“Would you like to help starving guardians in Africa?”
No matter how dry the game can get as a consistent player, I can’t seem to put it down
Destiny 2 is the game of all time.
Woo femboy besties review soon!!!
I want to get into this game but I feel like I'm too far behind now, oh well I'll give destiny 3 a shot
Thank you Actman! How overwhelming can a re-entering of a game be!?  Especially when you don't have friends who play it actively!?  Go and find out!
The new user experience for Destiny 2 right now is certainly rough, but it's nowhere near as bad as the Returning User Experience(tm), especially if you missed any of the now vaulted story content. I tried coming back to D2 last year and was so completely and utterly lost that I gave up after 25 minutes. As fun as the gameplay is, I had absolutely no idea what I should be doing first. Armor and weapons had seen huge changes and yet I had no idea whether any of the things I had equipped from years ago still had any value. There was nothing obvious to tell me what story quests, if any, I should make my way into. I felt like I was just dropped into the game with the expectation that I knew what I was doing, but considering that most of the initial content that existed to introduce new players to the characters, setting, and gameplay is gone, there wasn't even anything there for me to relearn what I'd forgotten, let alone find out what new things I needed to catch up on.  I suspect that you're better off starting with a fresh character than trying to jump back in with an old one.
AVGN vibes
Welcome back, guardian.
If a mission is 1350 and your light level is 1540 then the enemies in the 1350 mission scale up to your level. Light level only matters if you’re under light for an activity because that’s when you take penalties, so you haven’t skipped anything. Some levels they deliberately keep the light requirement low so anyone can play the missions
My big problem with this game is every year you need to buy the game again, (DLC are overpriced)
The helm was intended to give higher power level since Kings fall reprise was released a week before the season started
1:53 this is me everytime a warsat appears. 😂  Been a good few years since i last played destiny 2 with my dad. Still remember the days of the alpha for d1..
I tried jumping Into destiny and it was way to confusing. That part of the video when he was like Okay you'll have to go make another video on infinite hahaha I was cracking up😭😭😂😂 hopefully in November infinite will be good
Halo: no content Destiny:too much content
For new players its a rough way to be introduced but old and players who get one once a week it’s really enjoyable
Halo Infinite was so fucking terrible you went back to Destiny 2. This truly is a horrible timeline.
1. The Zavala bit was amazing 2. Where’s the zanny and act man raid
I love destiny 2. Been playing since destiny 1 release and the game is in the best state its ever been but I agree, it is not beginner friendly AT ALL. Theyre making a few changes next year to make it more beginner friendly but i dont think itll be enough sadly.
I stopped playing a year ago due to extreme Destiny fatigue. Got back into it with Season of the Haunted. Fully revitalised and really enjoying the game again.
I rejoined the cult of Destiny back when Beyond Light came out, happy to see you found your way home brother!
This ad is more cheaply innovative than most tech giants😂
Lol Your Boy - ‘Boy Golly G I Have Done A Lot Of Shooting’
When we getting that Minecraft review? 🤔🥺😳
14:15 XD not really i mean visually could be, but behind the scenes is broken AF, bugged buffs and the debuff, perks broken dont working as intended, synergies creating more bugs bout the damage registration. And the visuals are fine in this expansion, but if u go to shadowkeep or beyond light theres a lot but A LOT of zones with broken textures, holes where u can look the under the map. But the most important the real reason about the vaulting, is not the 500GB, is cause the game wasnt planned for 10 years, and was broken AF, doesn't register your inventory currencies and material wells, also causes down servers, so much lag etc and a lot of problems. Now bungie is trying to fix their engine for no more vaulting.
As a new player there’s no coherent story and nothing is explained. If my friend hadn’t been playing for years I would have dropped the game after the first couple days.
ACT MAN PLEASE REVIEW SEX WITH HITLER
hey act man iknow you doing some jokes with zavala but if you get into the  season if the hunted story you will know that zavala  only love is hes dead wife so that joke wount make anyone who play destiny 2 laugh i always enjoy your vid ithink bungie need to make areal bew player guide and intruduce to destiny cause the end game is veyr good the more you play destiny the more you get stronger bthw you cant level up your exotic peices of armour casue they are arnour 1.0 delete them all the armour got  updated even thos exotic so they can hold  up to 4 mod slots to make strong build
THIS IS CONTENT <3 hahhaa
I wonder how you'd react to Ultrakill
Ive been playing since D1 released on PS3 and looove it. Prolly my "home" of any game. MW2 Is garbage so I'm glad destiny is in a great state rn compared to where D2 was. I came back to D2 with this season of plunder and I'm vibing with it hard. Especially the raids and PvP.
Ive been playing since vanilla destiny 1 and its nice to see new people join the community. However, on top of the music and art design, the lore team is nuts. Id recommend going and listening to some mynameisbyf vids. The lore is super deep.
If this overwhelmed you, you should try Warframe 🗿
Not a fan
Incase you didn’t know they said after shadowkeep they will no longer be vaulting content
Even as a returning player Its was confusing as hell. Then once you get a build going you find out you wont be able to finish it because the mods you need are on a RNG daily vendor were you could be waiting month to complete a build MONTHS. lmao if your new stay far away.
I hate playing Destiny, it is my favorite game.
I was similar to you, i got halfway through forsaken and got bored af then took a massive break. Found a great clan and started playing again around a month into the witch queen and have been having some of the most fun ive had gaming in a while. Just clocked over 900 steam hours, game is in a  great state....well apart from PVP lol
I've just started playing Destiny 2, and already I think it's a great game. The art design, armour customisation and weapon variety is just awsome. The weapon/armour modifications and perks can be overwhelming, but I think overall Bungie has made a solid game.  P.S. It's very true. It's invigorating to stop everything and listen to those sweet scores.
He doesn’t know about elemental wells
Destiny 2 is "what the hell happend while i was gone" turned into a video game 8/10 would shoot the enemies again
14:12 good joke. this is simply not the case lmao.
"I shoot, therefore I am". 🤣🤣
The fact there was no magnum gameplay was sad
Eyes up act man for light fall is almost here
Maybe just maybe be you should have played destiny with zanny
This game is special ❤
Destiny was so fun early years with a solid raid group. Its ween too long to jump in i feel.
I would love to get into it again but I can't considering I can't even play the original story anymore. It should be a top priority to get it all working again and to preserve it. I'm not even a destiny fan either I've barely put over 100 hours in between the two games I just find the setting cool
"I have not bullets, and I must shoot." - Zavala
Never played Destiny and just started this month! Man does it wrack my brain, but totally worth figuring out with my brothers.
The content vault absolutely nuked the new player experience to f-ing Hades. Now, or you have a expert friend who can explain the things that happened to you and give you all the context and help to catch up that the game doesn't do anymore, or you simply get overwhelmed and don't play the game. And giving that it's not that likely to found someone on your friend group who is addicted to Destiny (in mine, there's only one dude like that), I feel like Bungie has cemented Destiny as a veterans only game. If you haven't been playing since day one, f*** you, Bungie doesn't care about you and doesn't want you to play.
That raycon plug Segway was flawless 🤣🤣🤣
This is the first honest review of destiny for a new player, besides the fact of having to get DLC
Hey Act Man. I'm glad you're enjoying the experience even though the new player experience is lackluster. Bungie is working on that I believe. Glad you're at least testing the waters instead of deep diving all the way through. There's some bad stuff happening within the game but honestly I try to look past all that, because well it's my favorite game. And I don't want any negativity to ruin it. And about the gunplay, it's very nice to shoot things alot. But when you get to the build crafting, man is it rewarding and fun. I just recently got into a build with my Titan that helps get abilities back faster and throw more Grenades (Lord Shaxx's dream come true) and it's just so much more fun. I can't wait until you get into stuff like raids and such now. For PvP....ehhh. It's not looking too well, wouldn't sink my teeth into that for awhile unless you want to. Anyways, thanks for the video.
Go super hard on the expansions and new endgame content, go casual as fuck on everything else for the reat of the time. Worked for me for years lol
Fry cry 6 dlc was great 👍
I quit playing once the mechanics became convoluted and the theme started becoming D&D like. I have zero interest in the newest expansion and it's a bummer because I was stoked when they brought back the Cosmodrome, and then it took a wrong turn for me.
Destiny 2 is fun…some minor gripes here and there but I think the biggest problem nowadays is a better friendly first time experience or just better stuff for free to play people.
easiest way to record D2 is to use obs, set a window capture then make D2 run in fullscreen borderless. The downside is you'll have yellow borders ingame.
I could've sworn I got a notif for a MW22 video with "is it any good?" in the title...
Till I can play through the entire story I don't see myself ever coming back to play this game
Zanny might help you he hates,  but plays destiny 2
Every single time you say "Witch Queen" all I hear is "Lich King" too much wow....
Welcome to the best shooter on the planet. This is the Halo we deserve. Imagine guardians fighting against everyone and everyone is losing against the witness and the chief comes out of nowhere and save the world again.
The Act Man: “I dipped my toes into foreskin..”  Whew, I’m glad I’m not the only one.
I felt the same way. I think it was last year I got back on, and everyone was fighting in this huge cluster. I tried it for about 30 mins. Then turned it off.
Dude super in love with that blink-182 cover<3
And it's a fast paced game.
And I like gambit the best. I guess not a lot of people like it but I do.
Personally I lesson to music. I guess I'm weird and it's better than nothing. The devil's we no sadly.
On controller no one, and I mean NO ONE has beaten Bungie for game feel.    Casting powers, character mobility skills and gun feel are second to none.  So I love this game and I think you’re missing a lot of the experience but I also love this video because it’s so dang funny.
I’m so glad you’re in this now
wether we liked it or not the Act Man has returned to Destiny2
Papa Zuzu
they said they were "fixing" then new player introduction to destiny in the next big expansion so ... if that is true the game would be probably a 9 out of 10 or at least an 8 out of 10
If you’ve been here since the beginning, it’s been a epic journey to be a part of…. And it’s not over
bruh Where can I get that Zavalla
8:04 bro they copied Fortnite LLLMMMFFFAAAOOO
This arby and qweef show is pretty cool
I would love to get back into D2 but my friends refuse to play after year 1 which is understandable. FYI MW2 is going to be a dumpster fire in hell.
The new light experience is fucking awful  as it's just a massive info dump. I am caught up on my titan and went to my warlock which has not been touched since well before witch queen and good fucking god the info you get bombed with
"Cool Transition" and talking Video Game Figurines. That has some 2010 YouTube vibes right there.  Just needs an Unregistered Hypercam 2 logo and 240p to complete the package.
The destiny series reminds me of Splatoon a good idea and some great gameplay but just kind of broken 2 made a lot of improvements but still feels like it's not quite there while being very close to its perfection so maybe it just needs a 3 lol
Me, who blindsolves Rubik’s cubes for fun:
ive been playing this game as a newbie in 2022, i still get lost i have quests and no idea how to know what to do next
The game crashes on startup for me
It’s the type of game that doesn’t respect your time. I had 190 clears of VOG to get vex mythoclass just because I couldn’t stand not having it in my collections. Now I’ve burnt out again
It’s the type of game that doesn’t respect your time. I had 190 clears of VOG to get vex mythoclass just because I couldn’t stand not having it in my collections. Now I’ve burnt out again
I literally just did the same with destiny 2 not long ago after halos massive disaster
Haven't played since the 2nd DLC, and I was pumped for D2.
this dudes takes usually Aren't IT, but damn he do be right about this..  the New Player experience in D2 has been God Awful for years....
why do you idiots keep accepting paid ads from raycon, they are literally 20-30 dollar chinese knock off earbuds that have been marked up to 70 dollars, they are really not good earbuds for 70 fuckin dollars.
I donno why, but I have a feeling, actman gonna pump out a Why MW2 So Bad video months later.
Such an incredible game
The UI is definitely not as complicated as this guy leads you to believe.
Haha I returned to destiny 2 recently also. I've found it oddly satisfying
Over 3000 hours played and I never want to play again. Bungie really disrespect player time and their loot system is the worst ever. Literally built on FOMO and recycled content.
10/10 most creative sponsor portion of all time.
For someone who played it 5000 Hours already  Destiny 2 is really easy if you already followed it  But oh boy when i made a new Account it got confusing to like focus on one thing   There should be something to remove stress from new players to make them have fun at the start  Show them like a few new areas so they can try out  Get them into a strike or 2 to try it out  But for sure DONT PLAY IT ALONE it gets really boring unless your getting some loot or drip then just commit  Other than that i think the crafting they made is really good cause new players get to have good gear like the end game players  Just if you want the top notch you will have to go and raid ofc a bit
I love playing Destiny 2 but I haven’t bought any dlc and it kinda get boring doing the same thing over and over again
Tess Eververse 🟪⏩️▫️
Help with destiny 2
There are two things that keep me away from Destiny 2.  The first is that the 3 man fireteam is forced. I have a buddy that i love to duo with. We'd much prefer to forego the third guy to be able to take in those cool environments and whatnot without speedrunner42069 bumrushing every dungeon, or needing to carry someone who's doing more dying than shooting.  The other problem is much bigger. The content vault is simply unacceptable. For someone who does care about story and wants to know what even basically is going on, there's no recourse.  The only way to learn is to watch some 4 hour long youtube video to tell you what the story is, and you still feel disconnected and confused from it all.  The excuse of hd space is a nonargument because the ability to install and uninstall individual expansions and whatnot has existed since the floppy disk. And has only improved since. Bungie has no excuse.
I'm still suffering on destiny 2 as a whole where sometimes it's fun then it's not, and its at the point where I'm playing it and it's like comfort food then I'm crying in despair because I spent money on this game for the content and trying not to be behind and be called a blueberry😭
Hey act or man or both idk if you want help just email me and I can explain it to you if you want to at least
Did Zanny drag this man back into the sink hole I know as Destiny?
Actually took a break cuz we got knocked out before the gates of the lighthouse lmao
The raycon spot was creative, i didnt know where you were going with that.
I remember the criticism that was levied at Sea of Thieves for saying it was fun with friends and remember agreeing that ANYTHING is better with friends so not a compelling reason to return for me yet, but maybe a future vid will expand on it.
Yea it is way better with friends. I enjoyed my time, Maybe one day I'll go back... but it won't be alone 😅. Until then I got some great memories with friends ❤️
You should find zanny to play with you. He too is suffering from destiny 2
Thanks to Act man now im gonna go try this game out
destiny 2 is only good if u have all the dlc.im not a new player but iv tried the new light exe and its really bad and i could see how new players miss things.the barrier to entry imo is way 2 high.first u need to buy dlc then buy the BP to get the seasonal content it just suck that u have to keep buying dlc just to stay relevant in the game
Destiny 2 is a speeding treadmill. Once you fall off once, it's very hard to get back on.
Wrong move
Destiny 2 is the definition of *mony pls*
i need a compilation of all act man’s grasp traps
This is just how Zanny started down this shit of a game I refuse to watch another of my favorites play this awful game…… (meanwhile I’m here farming for red border weapons for a weapon I’ll only use once and then vault yes I know I’m part of the problem)
Destiny 2 the first hit is always free!!
Hey Act Man! Dunno if you'll ever see this but I hope you do!  I've been playing Destiny since the D1 BETA and I've loved every minute of it, through the good and the bad and I 100 percent agree with you, Destiny is far more entertaining with friends. One thing I will say is yes the new user experience is really quite daunting. But I have an idea on how that can be fixed and it takes an old idea from D1. I think Destiny shouldn't allow you to play the other campaigns until you played the previous ones. Say for example you want to play through Beyond Light, but you haven't played through Shadowkeep yet, well it should only pop up Shadowkeep campaign missions until you have completed them all. Then it'll allow you to play through the Beyond Light without overloading the player with so many campaign missions. This can also give you the choice the choice on what to focus on, do the endgame content for Shadowkeep and expand your knowledge on the world, or do that stuff later and start the next campaign. This would also give new players less things to overload on.  Second, I think the major tutorial quest stuff should come before allowing to do campaigns. Like explaining on what aspects and fragments are for your subclass, or what crafting material does what, how to level up weapons and armor, mods, etc. This would allow new players to be given a foundation they can work off of that they can master as they go through the campaign and can take further as they progress through endgame content. But these things have to be taught first before they anything, at least the fundamentals do.  3, stop ads. I get it, Bungie needs to make money, but sometimes it's gets in the way of you and the game and kinda sucks you out.  Other than that, I think Destiny is in a very great place right now, and can only get better. I think it just needs a tweak here and there. But overall, I love Destiny, it's world, it's story, and even it's deep dank lore you can read about in the in game lore cards!
Hey, i'm glad you mentioned the engine. One of the main reasons i really got into Destiny 2 was because i noticed i could play the game while having Photoshop, Illustrator open and rendering a video on Premiere. Sometimes i just have D2 open on the Tower while i'm doing a bunch of other stuff on the PC. And my PC is mid tier at best.  The game DOES however infamously shits the bed during big events like day one Raids or day one expansions.
Waiting for him to talk about modern warfare 😭😭😂
The =3 transition just sent me into a spiral of amazing memories😂
I liked 👍 for the silly sponsorship 😂
as a new player apparently you're just fucked
7:55 Starving Guardians in Africa hahahha that actually made me laugh
Somehow I always knew that you were a Titan main lmao I'm glad you're having fun with the game. If you love the art direction, the raids have some of the best locales and music in the game. Garden of Salvation, Last Wish, and *especially* Deep Stone Crypt are beautiful
I didn't even think much of the new light experience since I'd been following the game closely from launch to today until my sister tried to play with me and I saw the insane cost it requires to get the vaulted exotics, not even mentioning the hellish spoils of conquest grind
Small correction: The Halo weapons are free and don't require 30th anniversary. Just Ghorn, the cosmetics, and the dungeon require the DLC.
Don't change Act Man! Love your content!
Lmao i did destiny again and i had no idea wtf to do i had 6 campaigns started
Destiny 2's art direction is "visually interesting" but I'd rather have D1's slightly cartoonish art direction.
I am a person who always trys to help people in this game and seeing them get to the raids is what makes me play the game more and more
I think Destiny 2 is currently in a very enjoyable spot! I, like you, dropped the game for a long time and have been pretty casually revisiting Destiny here and there since it went free to play. But more recently I've found myself actively engrossed in Destiny, just wanting to constantly work on my hunter and just shoot the shit with the boys. I think the social aspect of Destiny in places like the Tower is a bit weaker than other MMO cities, like Stormwind in WoW for example, but I still love looking at how unique everyone is. You'll never see the same kind of style or personality and its also just a cool spot to mess around with emotes, especially since there's ones that utilize multiple players! Great review as always Act Man I hope to see another Destiny vid or two in the near future from you! :D
This was almost my exact experience. I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm doing the shooting.
A couple of things i lack for this game is aim and friends
Hey act man, this will probably get burried by other comments I reccomend a side video on ULTRAKILL if you need an FPS itch scratched. Love the content!
Play deep rock galactic you will never end up leaving your chair
I shoot therefore I am 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
not to sound condescending but just ask someone on reddit and it sounds like you didn't read any of the quest or pop ups
I know you’re tired of game recommendations… but please try Lost Planet 2 you won’t regret it
I wasn’t ready for the amount of nostalgia that =3 transition hit me with.
The entire "create a seperate persona and do some skit" thing has become really annoying. No offence but everytime the figure was on screen i was rolling my eyes. Made the viewing experience really tough
i do have to say. Ive played destiny and destiny 2 since day 1. and its alot more fun with friends or even other people you dont know as long as their not toxic. its no were near as fun solo. the game is kinda built for teamwork in mind.
Destiny 2 is like a AAA version of a mobile game.
most of the icons are weekly challenges for powerful gear which just increases your light lvl
Hey actman, ever think of reviewing VR games?
I basically no life this game. If you have any questions just ask. And yes, I do agree that the curation for new players is really poor. There's hardly any direction and new players are totally lost. It's not your fault. I don't blame you for being frustrated at all.
The real shame to me is that they still haven't put together a decent cinematic story experience with more than one good cutscene.
Destiny 2 really is more chore than game at this point, it kinda sucks.
This was a great style, A.M. Very enjoyable.   Just to see what was "free" and what wasn't, I started D2 on a new Steam account using an old character from D1 that had never done any of the D2 stuff. After a few hours I was confused as heck... AND I'VE BEEN PLAYING D2 ON MY MAIN ACCOUNT FOR YEARS. So yeah, the New Player experience must genuinely suck. Meanwhile, I think BUNGiE has pretty massive balls listing this game everywhere as "Free". The "free" portions amount to a Demo. Everything substantive is locked behind a paywall. Best example of Pay-To-Win I've seen in years.
Right now destiny is in a great spot right now, the new light experience though? Not so much though since content won’t be vaulted anymore which means the older content will be back at some point I am excited for the future for the game
new arc, solar, and void fragments is the traditional subclasses reworked
Your early monologue on spending time on games well and being picky is the most relatable thing ever to me.  Because my parents never let me I had to spend my time well.
So with destiny there’s a limit to how much you can scale up. There’s a ceiling for scaling, but there’s no floor either. You can enter content you are incredibly low level for. Basically all content is playable and can still be semi challenging due to that ceiling.
Can you review mad max
I appreciate the entertaining ads, much better then a full minute of you reading a script lol I actually wont skip this ad
I just returned to D2 3 days ago... wtf actman lmao
Bro got the leviathan armor in the thumbnail
19:33 That's the reason I cant play Destiny. I don't have any friends to play with
This is his funniest video yet! Keep it up!
The game still has a lot of glaring issues, crucible being a mess. The New Player Experience doesn’t do the game justice enough. Master raids feeling underwhelming and the seasonal model feeling a bit old along with Champions overstaying their welcome. But god dammit I love this game. At the making of this comment I sunk 1.8k hours into Destiny 2 on steam alone, I probably have more hours on console but still. The game is fun, engaging and feels good to play with friends or a clan. Destiny 2 still has its many issues but once you get into the groove of it you can’t let go. It’s a hell of a lot better than D1 Vanilla and D2 Vanilla.
Great video. Be careful of the Destiny rabbit hole (though I wouldn't complain if you fell through). I'd like to see a video of you and your mates tackling a raid or two before you put D2 back on the shelf though. Those are always the apex of what the game has to offer (especially if you tackle them with friends)
“ I shoot, therefore I am” - dying from that one😂
WHERE ARE YOUUU AND IM SO SORRYYY I CANNOT SHOOT I CANNOT LOOT TONIGHT
Destiny 2 is great New player experience is bad and there's some nuances but Destiny 2 has been a lot of fun. Never as fun to the players that never take a break (which there are a lot of in Destiny) so I always recommend playing Destiny when major DLC's or exciting content is out... which can cost a lot of money so I almost never recommend Destiny to new players even though I love it. That and there is some level of commitment needed beforehand so when you return you have a viable loadout.
Got the game during epic game sale, got all the expansions, took month figure out the looter shooter.   Daily Dungeon : ADA Daily Bounties : Level up gear Bank Exotics in your mailbox till the proper legendary sector is available that you don't feel like doing.
Speaking as a player that's been a hardcore player since the D1 Alpha days, Destiny is an incredibly complex and unique game that is simultaneously inexcusably broken in various areas (e.g criminally broken and neglected PvP, rampant cheating, Gambit and content recycling and vaulting and even attracting new players) and breathtaking in its scope and design and gameplay. It's also influenced my life heavily and helped me form permanent friendships and develop better cooperation skills, so it shall always be close to my heart.  Something that we as fans ought to remember is that while we have many valid reasons to shit on the game, with how far mighty franchises like Halo and Battlefield have fallen and with how badly any game that has tried to be the "Destiny killer" has failed (I.e Anthem, Division, Avengers and Fallout 76 for instance) and with the sheer longevity of a game many wrote off at launch as dead both in 2014 AND 2017, we are reminded that there is something truly special and revolutionary in Destiny that has both influenced the industry and brought formerly PC exclusive experiences like raiding to us console plebs.
Did this dude play the Last of us yet?
Ah D2, my least favourite favourite game. I love it.
Now I'm hoping with Act Man saying the new light experience is ass, maybe bung might fix it.
Eww gross dude. What's your obsession with playing bad games over and over? You stuck on Halo longer than anyone, even though you shouldn't have. And now you're talking some woke Destiny. When is the last time Bungie ever developed something recently? I saw Destiny 2 at 5 Below the other day. You can't tell me they've been spending all their time updating this stupid dead game. Get your act together Actman, thanks.
Funny I literally did the same thing about a week ago. Though admittedly i've only been away since forsaken but still the sheer amount of content with zero guidance almost made me wish for a Ubisoft open world game.
They want $40 for the new dlc. Bruhhh
Welp I have no friends who are interested in playing this so RIP. I usually only play this mindlessly while watching YouTube videos and I play PVE. I tried the PVP once and it wasn't my thing. If I want a PVP fps I'll go play quake, CSGO, or TF2.
Pretty sure that even tho your light level may be way higher than what the level says your required to be, you or the enemies get scaled to still make it difficult. So more than half the time, light level really doesn't matter.
You should also give shatterline a try
I got that pax west emblem for playtesting for bungie.. sooo.. suck it loser :p
I played since d1, and quit destiny almost a year ago now. All you do is shoot, shoot more,and then shoot interlaced by walking/loading. There’s nothing else at all, and the only semi unique content is raids.
The “do it, or you can make another halo infinite video” got me good
Destiny 2 with friends is probably my favorite game. Alone it feels more like a job. Also, sunsetting the tutorial/campaign was such a bad decicion since the game is impossible to play if you're completely new without friends guiding you and telling you what to do. I've had so many friends that said it was the worst game ever until i convinced them to try it with me helping them. And no other game I've tried has ever had this good "gun feel".
The Zevala toy, voice acting, got some really big Arby n' the Chief vibes. The OGs
I tried getting back into D2 when WQ was free for a short while, but after a short bit I wished I was playing Wonderlands instead and went back to that. Destiny 1-2 have always been mind-numbingly boring during most of gameplay with the long walking segments and forgettable enemies. I often start to nod off while playing.
Zavala canonically wants caitatls cabussy
Yeah, everybody knows that the new-player experiance isn't great, but there's a great deal to love in the game as a whole, just stay out of PvP if you want to enjoy your experiance, unless you want to use Jotün and make other people miserable instead of yourself.
I’ve been playing destiny since d1 bro. I basically grew up with destiny and also halo. There are still many problems, but at the end of the day, I love destiny, and I’m going to keep playing it
Destiny 2 is just constantly getting better in a sea of games that aren't.
I'd just like to thank you Act Man for I knew not that Shadowplay even existed.  I was really unhappy with my video captures and thanks to you it's greatly improved
Seems like a watered down warframe where expansions costs money instead of being free
ok that "cool transition" just gave me whiplash, Act Man you'll be hearing from my lawyers to cover my medical fees
I think he played with the action figure of Zavala more than he played the actual game.
A problem with the changing mechanics and overwhelming things is that we are at the end of the Destiny ‘Light and Dark’ Timeline. What I mean by that is that it is like starting your MCU journey with Captain America: Civil War.  In base game, the Traveller was asleep leaving Humanity standing alone against Fallen, Hive, Vex, and Cabal. The Awoken were sort of on our side, and Exos were complete mysteries. Now in Year 8, we have uncovered the mysteries of both Exos and Awoken, awakened the Traveller, killed several Gods, found new enemies in the Taken and Scorn, joined forces with the Eliksni House of Light and Cabal Empire, harnessed the power of the darkness in the form of Stasis, and now face the big baddie of the franchise ‘The Witness’ who has made his own army of similar forces. Planets have been consumed, replaced, destroyed. We’ve travelled through time, recruited and mentored a guy that we once killed for killing our mentor. It’s crazy and Bungie said they want to reward players that stuck by them all this time.  Now I absolutely believe that there should be a much better tutorial system (maybe have an option if the game detects you haven’t logged in for a while). There IS a tutorial, but you have to go to the Tower and find the ‘New Light’ quest. YouTubers try their best to make tutorial videos, but the problem is that some of the things are SOOOO basic that we don’t think to include it because it just doesn’t cross our minds. For example, the part about your old Exotic being ‘useless’ now… you could literally just grab the new one from the ‘Collections’ screen. I don’t mean that as a ‘duh you dumbass’ comment, I mean that it’s a small detail that even a veteran would miss.  I sincerly hope you do keep playing ActMan; hey maybe you and Zanny can play some stuff together, that would be highly entertaining!
Just started playing destiny a few weeks ago and im 1590 with 2 Kings Fall clears I've put this game off for years but these past few weeks been pretty epic
Welcome to hell. Been here 8 years.
Destiny has to be the worst put together game i have ever seen and its sad because the gameplay and visuals are great. too damn predatory and too trigger happy with deleting previous content and the menus look like they were put together by a monkey with adhd. theres not even that much to really do but they keep taking stuff out. and they lie and call it an MMO when it isnt
I love destiny so much and play it obsessively, but I totally agree with your stance on new players/returning players. The knowledge barrier is enormous and the shotgun blast approach to getting people up to speed is not ok. The other thing is the pay wall. It is daunting as hell to new players and even some returning players. To catch up on expansions and have all current content, you could be looking at a 200 dollar investment. I hope they make it more appealing to new/returning players. A subscription service instead of expansion costs and a second look at delivering old content to new/returning players would be HUGE.
I can smell Zanny's fervor from here. I'm sensing the possibility of a colab soon! Glad you're having fun my man
Half this video was act man and his friends doing a Zavala impression
You should play with Zanny and join DDM
It’s about time
this is crazy we started replaying this game at the same time, I quite before the Curse of Osiris DLC
I have also returned to D2 and thoroughly enjoying it. Don’t enjoy crucible.
Please tell me why after all these years, we can only hold a total of 9 things in each slot???? I mean all my slots get filled with random ass loot after just ONE mission bruh
When lightfall drops and your playing you will be helped way more than now
Destiny is a good time. Also, its real synthwave hours in febuary
destiny 2? nah it's called eververse 2
You should review it again when the next dlc drops, there's going to be a new system that's going to expose you slowly to all of the mechanics and activities
HOLY SHIT!, he returned to destiny!  I am excited to see what he does with the Destiny 2 OST in the future videos
The good thing is that coming in Lightfall next February, they're adding a new system called "Guardian Ranks" that will take new players through the game step-by-step. helping them to get a better grasp on the game, because that is Destiny's biggest problem at the moment: when you're in the bubble and playing at the fullest, it's incredible.  But MAN that bubble is thick and hard to get through without someone on the inside to pull you in.  So hopefully the new system will change that, and I'm glad you're enjoying your return thus far.
I havent watch a Raycon airbuds ads in awhile. This was pretty good
This game has changed so much since launch, and while I am sad that you were not able to experience black armory, the forsaken campaign, and much more. The fact that you finally made an update video on the game saying “it’s alright.” Has made my day, I myself would like to try and do a raid at some point and play the witch Queen again with my buddy’s.
i thought all you elden ring guys liked games that dont ever explain anything
I put 270+ hours into Destiny 2. Was fun doing stuff with my friends and such, but at a point my friends and I just got bored with the game. We got our fill, but after the raids, dungeons, strikes, story, and more, we wanted to move on at least for a time. Upon the release of the newest season, after the first couple new story missions we felt the burnout, hence how we knew it was time to take a long break.
This game is like an addiction once you play it you can't go back
Me who has no money: Oh well, guess I can't really progress in this game
Act Man: ... and that's why I haven't bother to touch 95% of the games you all ask me to review.  Me: So anyway, did you know that the critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV has a free trial, and includes the entirety of A Realm Reborn AND the award-winning Heavensward expansion up to level 60 with no restrictions on playtime?
Thank God. I fucking still love D2 and hope you play more
Hell yeah, glad you're checking it out again. If you're looking for someone to walk you through high end content hmu, I'd love to see hear your perspective on the endgame.
same here i last played destiny 1 HARDCORE and then left and saw Destiny 2 pass me by. I enjoy the lore but just never found the time to return especially when my character is out of the loop
… Act Man, did you watch Arby n the Chief as a kid?
Even though we all hate sponsors within videos (let’s all be honest), the Act Man always makes them so interesting 😂😂😂😂 I don’t even skip them on his videos, I just need to see what’s different about every video
This game was what I played religiously for the last two and half months instead of infinite. And I’ve played alone, there’s so much to do. And it’s crazy good
Where are the Hot tub streams
*I’ve been waiting years for this* !!!!
FINALLLLYYYYYYYY
"I'm excited to play and experience it all, I'm just overwhelmed." The perfect summary of when I first started playing. I almost quit at the beginning because I felt so lost through all of it. I'm glad I didn't quit, because it's brought me so much fun now, and I do wholeheartedly love Destiny, but it may have the worst case of "wait until it gets good" I've ever seen in a videogame. I really hope they do something about it with the release of Lightfall.
as a person who has not stopped playing Destiny since the first game dropped, I can confirm this game and franchise as a whole has adapted and evolved in tons of ways. When it comes to how destiny 2 is now, it's insane how many activities there are for new players. They have a new starting setup, but it is so frustrating to look at because it just points you in thirty different directions simultaneously. I hope Bungie changes this and implement a more step-by-step sequence where they lock everything off until you actually get there. Such as when you first start, you only see the traveler on the map and Earth and more activities open up over time like how they used to be during Vanilla. (I haven't done the starting area since witch queen dropped so this may have changed entirely. However, I do not believe it has. One thing I do hope to see in the future video is perhaps Act man doing a raid or two. Destiny's end-game content seems so plentiful and yet almost empty at the same time, but when it comes to the raids it is always really fun.
0:26 did you take that joke from the zombies map? Haha
With nearly 60 hours in D2 I agree with this video in all aspects, new user experience is awful but grab some friends and its great fun
I personally find that destiny 2 is best played with friends and just running around killing stuff, rather than actually trying to progress
"Did they add moth people yet" BRUH
The game isn't bad the game isn't confusing the game is user friendly and if you don't know something this is why we have youtube so this guy who made this video makes 0 sense your just trying to make an issue from nothing.
I’ve “jumped back in” a couple times since launch and I 100% had the same experience every time.
That was hilarious😂
Grinded out every single exotic hand cannon just to never touch the game again
Yeah, I gave up on destiny 2 after 2.3k hours all the money and all the fun times were remembered, but the cost legit became too much to play, amazing fps but monetization is garbage and "f2p" is a joke and a lie.
I wish they'd just make the new user experience better, its been like this since red war was taken. And since then, its just gotten worse and worse, with all the new shit they add. I know a few friends who have stopped playing because the new user experience was so shit.
as a long time viewer of this channel and player of destiny 2 i recommend completing at least one raid in your experience. you don't truly see the stunning locations and puzzles if you don't. a good starting raid (if you have beyond light) is deep stone crypt. it is a short challenging  and beautiful raid and couldn't recommend it more. now im not going to spoil anything but you will like the soundtrack too. i think
I love how Zavala acts as a great summary of the player base and devs. Also, I couldn’t agree more that the game is so much better with friends. Additionally, I thankfully got out of this game; carrying people through raids time after time got boring. My friends who are still playing are at the point where all they have to do is complete their raid report lol. I might come back to it sometime when I’ve got time to kill but idk. Edit: I'm slowly returning, and now trying to catch up with my friends who are top 0.1% lol.
I refuse to buy their dlc and battlepasses. I have crucible, strikes, and gambit.
“They got rid of bright engrams” Lmao
been playing the game for a while now. found a good group of people to do raids and dungeons with, honestly a great time. I would also love to see zanny teach act man a raid
I don't see .yself coming back I will for a d3 as I don't want a game where the only point is to grind.
Yeeaaahhhh. The new player experience sucks a lot. Like, yikes....  But as a constant player, I love the game so much. I play it so often, I can say it's my most played game of all time lol.
It’s insane how much has changed since then. I played for a while in the launch year and basically played until the Moon expansion (shadowkeep, I believe), and it’s just incredible how much has changed. It feels entirely different despite the main gameplay loop being effectively unchanged
I am glad I am not a new player in the current iteration of Destiny. Even as a veteran player, there is no excuse for the poor quality of the new player experience. How am I supposed to get friends to play when there is no way for them to get invested in the game?
ya, i really hope Lightfall makes the new player experience better since holy fuck is it bad  also they will not be Vaulting stuff anymore
Fucking same
This video really made me want to get back into D2 since I haven't touched it since year 1. But man, I'd have to do it with friends because there's so much content that I don't see doing by myself
aaah, yes, the amazing game buried underneath a mountain of $hit mechanics.  and let's not forget about the fact that we've been buying every single expansion to see them gone and not playable ever again after the next expansion has come out!! yayyyyyyyyyy!!!!
Zavala really went "Karen, you wench! Release me from this plastic prison!"
not talking down 343 but instead talking up bungie. this is the way lol
Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold.
Wait.. you visited... HAWAII???!?!?!?!? Should've said hi fucka :/
Listening to this video just made me want to reinstall Warframe.
To me the raids are were destiny 2 shines Vow of the Disciple was so much fun but not too challenging in my opinion. I love destiny it’s one of the only games I keep coming back to
act man, i believe if they were to have dropped a bunch of video tutorials you would be in the same exact boat you were in when the game was attempting to tell you everything that was new for your account, and where to start, but what can i say pop ups and tutorials are my biggest gripes with video games. edit a few more things . 1) you can actually get all of the cosmetic looks of that armor you liked so much that got vaulted, and i believe most of the exotics just need to be reaquired. 2) going to the HELM to grab 1540 gear, you were supposed to do that, as all of the activities are made with that being the absolute minimum now, you didnt miss anything, just on par with low lights without grinding twice.
Duality Dungeon Speed Run when?
Fire the guys at the top and get some new blood in that studio
Yes, totally agree with the lack of direction D2 gives to players, it's the main reason i backed out of Destiny 2, because i played it when it came out for two days, i left, and a few months ago i came back only to be hugely overwhelm by the sheer amount of Options, Currency, Items and locations, with no indication or help on what the hell to do, i have such a boring expirience because i was so confused all the time.  Especially in the story side, i wanted to see how the story progress (since i left half way through the vanilla campgain) and now i can't even play it, lastly, what kinda kill my desire to play, was checking out the loot they cut from the game and i felt so devastated to find out what it's visually the coolest loot in the game (in my opinion) i couldn't get it cuz it was cut and you couldn't get it anymore, so what's the point of a LOOTER-SHOOTER if you can't get the Loot you want, but only see it in the menu, that was so dissapointed tbh :/
Even with 4 friends with 2000 hours each, I still never knew what the hell I was doing. Ever.
Haven’t watched the video yet but I gotta say the fuckin thumbnail goes hard lmfao
Here’s Zavala obsessing about Ikora feet pics.  …….meanwhile, I simp for Amanda Holliday.  Damn, such an underrated character.
Welcome back to hell mate!
After watching this video and being a destiny veteran myself playing since the ones beta I've played every expansion and gotten every single one and completed every raid, every strike, every dungeon.  There's a lot in this video I agree with there's a lot in this video I disagree with but all and all a great video my first video thoughts "I'm really excited to here Act Man opinion on D2 maybe it changes how I see things"  Boy I was wrong I won't disagree Bungies art and music is definitely the best part about this game but witch queen does not compare to D2 Red War or D1 Taken King/Rise of Iron as a long time fan think they've really drop the ball this one   To say which improvement on older Destiny content is a understatement basically makes a lot better by 10 times The grind, The amount time you need go back forth from social space, the the monotony listening to dialogue instead of actually doing something in game in my opinion I rather just scan something  Also he's right I wish there were a bigger variety missions and stuff to do a stealth mission would be awesome imagine if you had to use like the smell of the hive to hide from ogres and knights sneaking in a stronghold to get something important you get caught last second holding off your position until someone or something gets you out yeah that would be epic *cough*  I do agree with the new light story is bare Bones the very minimum and very miniscule for those who are just free to play players I'm not asking for more two raids is a lot all the strikes available is a lot through the playlist but as someone who has a both a pay-to-play account and a free to play account it is a lot harder and a lot more difficult for me to want to play that free to play account not because the gear but after a certain point there's very little you can do besides waiting for resets  In my opinion they should have made Last Wish free with getting rid of the Tangled chore and a lot of forsaken content last I'm gonna say on that speaking I definitely agree that the menus tutorials and the game feel anti new player in a way the gameplay feels way to hectic and crazy while feeling mundane and simple especially from class to class  The rest of the problems I have with is story and continuity pass seasons, old lore and grimoire cards that got straight reckoned and no one cares
Honestly I played destiny 1 some and i played destiny 2 a bit, and honestly at one point I just coudnt see the appeal any more. Its so boring at times, cause it felt like there was no purpose to anything I was doing. But yeah, thats just my opinion, I hope everybody that reads this a happy day. P.S. loved the I Miss You reference XD
Make a video about MW2 (2022)
I share all these frustrations and more
Hey Act Man, pvp in this game is absolute dogshit, and I am honestly a masochist for playing it, so with this on the table, do you ever want to take the dive into the Trials of Osiris? If so come play with me and the boys and we'll see if  we can take you to the Lighthouse.
Yes destiny has caught another YouTuber into its trap first zanny now act man hahahaha
Could you try Metal Hellsinger and tell us if in your opinion that copy of Doom is or not close to be as good as Doom?
Destiny as a series, has and always will struggle from how massive and overbearing it is for new players. Beyond that, once a new player finds their flow and has narrowed their daily grind down to a fine art, it is a fun game, delving into the story elements, lore and uncovering secrets. But it definitely takes time to get thar flow
I just got back on destiny 2 and I swear I can not get off this game at all
I started to play again in April and I haven't dropped it since and I didn't play at launch or anything. Only played D1
I have been playing since d1 and tbh I never bothered build crafting in d2 up until a couple months before witch queen because of how daunting it seemed. My friend finally convinced me and while I admit it's much better, it was very painful trying to figure out not only what a stat does, but if it's also worthwhile. And then having to FARM FOR IT ALL to get perfect stat distribution.
This exactly how I felt last year, then I played this year and just followed mission I select from “quest” menu after that I did whatever I wanted and complete bounties and level up vendors…. It’s very overwhelming in the beginning, even though I played D1 and early D2
Damn I would absolutely love to do a raid with the acting male
I don't have anybody to play this with anymore.
Alright Act Man, because of you I have Femboy Besties in my search history… and no, please don’t do a review. You have been baited by trolls…
I can see the game's flaws but i still love it. I feel this is the best way to put it.
My issue is that there is zero reason to buy any of the old expacs. The content is gone and the story is too short. Old story content should be included in whatever the current expac is.
Kinda crazy since the dumbass grind became too much for me with season 19 and I just up and quit despite buying the season pass for the full year, the game's just unfun for me now and having time to play so many other things instead of grinding for hours to raise my light level by nothing is like heaven.
I haven't played destiny since TTK and after seeing the that they had cut out all the story and made it into destiny 2 i boycotted it and i refuse to play it
100% chance actman is into feet
12:50 Thank you for acknowledging how disappointing it is for the artbook moth people not to be in the game yet.
I've tried to get friends to play this game for years. Considering most of them play COD, it's impossible to transition any of them to D2. It's pretty overwhelming for people. There should be a streamlined way for new players to get into the game, because afterwards, it's the most rewarding FPS out there.
Looter shooters like destiny 1 and 2 suck ass and at least you should be glad that you never played the division 1 and 2 those are even worse
See you in another 4 years
I am a 'new light' pleb but it scratches the Halo itch and is super fun to play for a casual pleb like me
Mw2 beta sucks ass they took a good couple pages from battlefield 2042
Congrats on focusing on what makes the new player experience feel are suffering through for the past few years, getting through literally the beginning of the game. Ironic that it’s the start of the game that makes people suffer instead of getting to the end game.
You make some good points, like the art direction and music, however I've quit Destiny 2 because of the vaulting of content and sunsetting gear. They taken all my work and progress and just told me I wasted my time. There IS alot of promise in whats coming soon, but I'm probably not going to return, personally. Mainly because I feel Warframe does EVERYTHING that Destiny 2 tries to do, but better! "Become Legend" is just a tagline in Destiny. In Warframe, you actually FEEL like you meet someone who had become "legend" when they reach Master Rank 30+(I haven't reached MR30 yet). You can go to a relay (basically the tower) and transform the central statue to resemble YOU while simultaneously granting a buff to everyone in the relay for a few hours! Its like "Have a blessing, and HERE'S who you can thank for it!" It feels like you are always making constant progress and unlocking new content and activities as well. In Destiny 2 it feels like how you play the game at the start is mostly unchanged by endgame. In Warframe you keep unlocking new activities and ways to play the game, even a multi-crew warship for space battles! Yet, this game is only 56 GB, and they just keep ADDING to the game! Not very beginner friendly, but once you get it, its FUN!
ngl the new light experience needs a huge overhall. It's probably what's keeping most new players from even moving forward to the good stuff
the difference between Vanilla and WQ is night and day! As someone who has been tethered to this game since D1, experiencing the evolution and then looking back is wild. It's EXTREMELY jarring seeing old gameplay and the locked double primary system. The new player experience is god awful, but if you're willing to get over that hurdle, there is an incredible game to experience.   The things they definitely need to address for the New Light experience is a more streamlined path of objectives rather than just dumping everything on you at once and saying "make it work". one problem I heard from a new player was, how do i get the different mods for armor and guns. and taking a look at it, ITS ALL A WAITING GAME!! Ada-1 will sell armor mods...EVENTUALLY! but there needs to be a better way of obtaining mods then just waiting for a daily reset and hoping its a new mod.   Those said I am optimistic about the "Guardian Ranks" system they have in the works. my one concern is that it looks like a checklist of things to do rather than an actual explanation. and to the point on mods, Bungie is taking a look at mods for either next season or the following (can't remember which). my assumption is they'll be changing the acquisition of older mods while updating said mods.   As you said this game is so much better to play with friends. from the raids and dungeons to trial and crucible (not you gambit), there's so much to do.  Hope you'll be able to get over that initial hurdle! Also PLEASE FINISH THE CAMPAIGN!!!
Hey ive been using that pulse rifle too that thing is fuckin awesome
Never thought I’d hear Robot Chicken Zavala, but here we are
This game is awesome but playing it solo is so boring
The act tan
If you like music, you need to do the raid Deep Stone Crypt.  The Lullaby is perfection.
Completely agree with this summary of d2
this was a good video one of your best
“Are there moth people yet?”  Mate did you play the campaign? Lmao
I havent played in a year and im glad
I love the RWJ transition 😂
I came Back after 4years too ,and i was totally Lost exactly Like you,after 1h getting 5 times the same Pistols by playing old strikes ihad enough.
It tries too hard to be an MMO
Game still blows. They tried to reinvent the wheel by taking a bunch of GOOD features out and had the audacity to call it a "sequel". I'm still waiting for the Destiny 1 guns that I worked years to get. The only reason why I got the second game was the promise of all the gear returning and WAITING IN MY STASH. Well, IT'S STILL EMPTY. They are liars. Just like the rest of them. (Studios)
Fuck the leviathan raid
good vid actor guy 👍
I love You man
Best spot it's been in for a long time(aside from the new player experience lol)  Love the franchise, a simp if you will. Love it or not, Bungie has talent
18:33 - Well ummm..... You see Act Man, they well, haven't.
D2 has evolved and improved itself so dramatically and removed the content that didn’t fit the new game they were building from the ground up, so new player experience is quite the doozy, but once you’re in, you’re hooked.
i’ve played since destiny 1 and the came back for 2. hasn’t played for 2 years so i can’t imagine how 4 years feels. it’s a completely different game. has its flaws, but it’s really good
I’ve seen a theory that the reason getting into Destiny is so complicated is that getting through all those barriers ends up getting you invested, therefore making you want to play more.  But really it’s just the result of bolting 50 new systems on top of one another while trying to figure out what the hell D2 is. It’s a mess lol
The  Thing is that Bungie doesnt care about you "catching up" because most of the player base does not truly give a shit about the story. Many people might disagree with me but they are likely to also miss dialogue in lore-centered content, if they play that content at all, because these players know they can just catch up on important stuff with lore channels. Also, Destiny 2 is designed (as stated by the developers) to not keep you constantly playing. Bungie wants you to log in a couple times a week then go play other stuff. At this point they know exactly how 90% of their players interact with their content, and the unfortunate part for new players is nobody cares enough for them to invest that effort.
As someone who has been playing this game since Forsaken, with small breaks here and there, I can definitely agree that trying to get through the game as a new/returning from a long break player can be tough. However once you get past the very rough early game, it can be a lot of fun.
What do you mean Krillin died *again*?
Please keep doing Zavala's voice, oh my god that was hilarious.
I want to get back into it but I haven’t touched it since launch
It has more currencies than gacha games.
is this a Marathon game ?
HELLO GUARDIAN
We need a full parody of Zavala’s Miss You
More dark souls trilogy and Elden ring videos?
Get used to FOMO would be my best advice from someone with 3000+ hours and playing since launch. This game has a massive FOMO problem.
zorpin
Anyone find it strange on how a majority of halo fans went to destiny 2
Never, during my years of playing games, have I ever had to put down the controller and look up a tutorial or a wiki page as much as I have with Destiny 2. It is a genuinely intriguing and vast title but it has the same issues as seemingly far more complicated games like HoI4 or From the Depths. Only difference is those games go out of their ways to tell you how they work, rather than just throwing you into the fire like Destiny 2.
With the next expansion, they have a progression system for new players to learn all of the ??? game mechanics and incentivizes experienced players to guide newer ones.  Time to get into it!
Yo that ad transition was fucking top notch. Legendary if you will…
I was so bored with Destiny 2 that after buying some deluxe edition I put off playing it for so long that by the time I finally felt like it all the DLC I had was removed =/
The 1540 gear was/is (depending on when you read this) a limited offer if you never pick it up you'll lose it
8:48 I lost some much interest in Destiny cuz of the UI. I had not played the first one but I’m not sure what is what cuz the UI isn’t simple for a new player like me
for me I did the campaign and I don't know what the fuck to do after... I know I would enjoy it if I knew
I’ve fallen in love with destiny 2. I was a huge Halo fan boy back in the day and heard nothing but bad things about destiny when it came out. A friend of mine from work introduced me to destiny 2 and haven’t stopped playing since. Why not enjoy the game while it’s here. With the way games are coming out now a days it’ll be a very long time till we get a game close to being this good. (Destiny isn’t perfect, but I haven’t played anything that’s gotten me hooked like Halo and Destiny)
Warframe had to overcome a similar hurdle of having an abysmal "New User Experience". While they were able to guide you through some of the initial mechanics it's still a pretty steep hill to climb. It's an interesting problem to have because essentially Destiny is so large in scope, complexity, and success that it cripples you with anxiety 😀
please act man... please dont start putting silly skits in all of your videos.. please...
Yeah, i’ve been playing D2 since launch, and I completely agree, the new player experience is complete garbage
I’ve been consistently playing destiny since day 1 of the beta of d1 so it’s safe to say I enjoy this game and believe me when I say it is worth the time sink It does seem overwhelming at first from what I’ve seen but once you are at the highest level the game is quite possibly one of the best I have ever played and the next expansion is basically revamping the game again  This game is leagues above where it started and I’m glad you are revisiting it at a different point
The next expansion should come with some player oriented ways to help new players. It seems like a half-assed stop gap from how they explained it, I think it would have been better if they waited until they could develop a more polished initiative but it should help nonetheless
I’m glad you’re taking a look at this again, while I haven’t played Destiny I enjoy your content. I still believe that you should consider reviewing Hades (it truly is awesome) and re-reviewing Sea of Thieves, great to see you uploading again
You should run Battlebit Remastered. It's currently in beta playtests and it scratched the pvp itch for me like nothing else
Chuckling at this. I picked up Destiny 2 for the first time in late 2019 and I definitely thought it was super fun but I had like no clue wtf I was supposed to be doing for the first like 60 hours. Lost my attention soon after I finally understood the numbers lmao
The last of us series, plz review
stream labs OBS works just fine for me. Honestly never had an issue with recording frame rate loss or anything like that.
I have almost 4k hrs in D2 am top2% in raid clears. I hate it so much I keep playing just to teach to fuck off.
My only fun experience with destiny was destiny 1 crucible with the universal remote and a sniper rifle. When they butchered my boy they took something from me and I never forgave them for that
Am glad you are enjoying destiny 2 😁🖖💚 eyes up Guardian!....
Shout out to the Ray William Johnson Reference 💀
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on Destiny 2 PvP.
This game in my opinion is a failure. You need to literally pay $10+ of your mom or dad's credit card to buy each expansion. Bungie is milking your money on this one, Act Boy.
Other than paying your kidney to access everything. But it’s an amazing game.
This was my exact experience trying to come back as well. Haven't played since Forsaken and I was so confused and overwhelmed, and I felt really low leveled. Immediately unisntalled
The biggest thing bungie needs to do is stop sunsetting shit and make each season pass available even after it "expires". So much story and gear has just been deleted from the game. Also the expansions are worth half the price they are selling for. Far from enough content. And we all know they have the resources to pull this off
I played both games for a month with a random group but once everyone got a specific item they were done the same with me the story just sucks so bad.  I tried this like a year ago or so and just couldn't get into it I don't play online competing games anymore only single player or couch co op with my son.
having no idea what to do is something I experienced with warframe so i get what you mean lol
In my personal opinion Going from halo infinite to destiny 2 its like trading diarrhea  for a solid log of shit ones a but more put together but either way still shit
It's even more confusing when you try to play it as a free to play to start with. It's so hard to figure out which quests, bounties and pieces of equipment are locked behind paywalls
Going off of your comment about art direction and music being Bungie's top hitters, the magic of Destiny that got me and a lot of my buddies hooked are the raids. It's something that you really can't put into words and you just need to go experience yourself. The art direction, music and gameplay culminate together to deliver something no other game in my opinion has matched to this day.
It’s so expensive. I want to play but I can’t afford to.
Its still dogshit.
Was playing d2 after watching this and I can’t un hear the Zavala voice
The hive are moths
8:48 how about...at the green pulsating icon...or at the top left where it show what to do
Holy shit this game is still recycling the same content from 2016. It depresses me that I actually spent 25 days of play time on Destiny 1 back in HighSchool.
how normal people use collectible figures: *place them on the shelf*  how TheActMan™ use collectible figures: *spokesperson for a sponsorship*
I completely agree. I tried Destiny too after a year it was released and i had absolutely no clue of what the fuck was going on
This game hasn’t changed the season system is garbage
Pleaseeee play through the campaign on Legendary! The difficulty is nearly perfectly balanced.
A talking Zavala toy? Are we going to get a "Zavala Sucks at Destiny" video?
The new player experience is overwhelming. I think at some point, they should focus on revitalizing the tutorial system and just GIVE EVERYONE THE FRAGMENTS AND SHIT FOR LIGHT SUBCLASSES. And I also suggest, if you and your friends would be up for it, giving the Legendary witch queen campaign a try. It's not quite LASO difficulty, but it definitely feels like the most fair hard content in the game.
It is actually a masterpiece of a game now
Heres hoping lightfall is able to simplify the user experience properly. If destiny is able to make the game enjoyable to start out at the same time they add a grappling hook, they would be set for all if eternity.
I played it again during the free DLC week and it was fun. Too bad they never gave us free players any new story quests after cutting all of the old ones.
The free player experience isn't so much an experience but more like a free demo. Its hardddd to justify buying expansions when there is barely any content in the base free game to test out te waters. If you want to enjoy this game, you will simply have to pay 100+ euro's
This game has put me through crying moments and much depression. Endless pain and suffering and ripping my eyes out my head in the crucible. I have almost burned down my house bcs of lord of the wolves...  I love this game
try fear and hunger, pretty please, it's severly underrated
The new light experience is indeed truly shit. But since I'm not one it is actually pretty good. Also lmao Grasp of Avarice is the rite of passage for all new players.
As someone who never touched Destiny 2 and haveno idea of what's up, seems like the perfect time to give it a try
Someone should definitely start a channel called "Foreskin Gaming"
Bungie revealed some new stuff coming in Lightfall that aims to really help with the new player experience.   We'll have to see how well it does that next year, but here's hoping they can deliver!
yeah bungo doesn't really understand how seasons are supposed to work for the MMO format your not supposed to nickel and dime your players to the point they can't even play the main attraction horde mode not horde mode thar is the main attraction for people to play it and since the seasons are considered updates to the latest expansion your pretty much just paying for updates at that point as opposed to something like I don't know FF14 which gives all subsequent updates to the latest expansion for free after you already forked over 40+ dollars to play it in the first place
As a long time Destiny player, I have come to view the game as an abusive relationship I keep returning to but have no idea why.
I don't understand anything that's going on in destiny 2 I tried it a few weeks ago and it's so much crap iono where to go 😂
Exactly how I am after coming back from 5 years. We all quit at Curse of Osiris and came back.
I have had the same situation with starting after 4-5 years and I had to leave because it was "too much" and I couldn't get what to do and all the plot... Also I don't have friends to play with since I'm more of a lone wolf. So I tried PVP and it's messy as heck.
The thing I find fascinating about Destiny is that despite all of the widespread flak it’s gotten throughout the years, the fans are some of the most dedicated out of any fanbase I’ve seen. My cousin has sunk over a thousand hours in Destiny 2 alone and counting
*Goes to Hawaii* Act Man:...I should make a Destiny Video! 😂😂  Welcome back Mister Act Man 😎 Hope you enjoyed the trip
Destiny 2 is fun but the pvp is the worst and most unbalanced thing I ever played lol.
A years later - "I am done with Destiny"
4 years? I’m coming back from 4 months off & im terrified I will be decades behind
Act Man would have a full on disabling panic induced anxiety attack if he even attempted to play Warframe.
I literally want you to adopt me so i can be part of the Act family. Call me the second act if you will.
ive tried playing this game twice in the last couple years and its just too fucking confusing as a new player. need 5x more guides than you do for elden ring
Seems like Destiny is suffering from Warframe syndrome. Too much stuff can be overwhelming
You over extended the Zavala thing. Also, stop comparing/wanting Destiny 2 to be like Halo 3... it's not and it never will be, it shouldn't be.
The witch queen campaign was amazing!
Rip Cade-6 chain
I love Destiny and feel like it's gotten much better over the past 2 years (I even have that PAX 2017 Emblem as well. <3) but I definitely don't disagree with a lot of the points you've brought up like how rough the new player experience is and throwing every pop-up from the past 6 months at you all at once being annoying when you just wanna play the game, you basically require an experienced guide to navigate through everything and tell you what's important.  But for me once you're able to get past that and get to more of the heftier content like the Dungeons and Raids where what weapons you bring and how you build starts to matter that's when you have one of the most satisfying PvE FPS games I've ever played in my opinion. (It's just getting to that point can be quite the struggle.) The Dungeons are particularly interesting because they're always designed to be able to be completed solo with their own Triumphs and flex emblems for doing so, but also aren't any easier either so you basically have to work 3x as hard to do those challenge runs.  And it's a mixed bag but I even personally enjoy the PvP with all its chaos, it's basically a game of avoiding everyone else's BS while inflicting your own BS on everyone else making it a sort of Mario Kart of PvP Shooters, and no other PvE-centric game has managed to get me invested in the PvP side of it like this game has. (And I think an important part of that is that PvP has unique rewards to draw you in that you can still take to other parts of the game if you get something you like.) Usually with games like this when they have a PvP mode on the side they are completely abandoned with hardly anyone playing them, like Warframe with its PvP Conclave comes to mind, so even if it's rough the fact that a game like this has such a dedicated PvP playerbase shows that there's at least a desire for people to want to play a game that combines tight FPS gameplay with RPG buildcrafting and mechanics. (Which I guess that's also sort of what CoD is, but it doesn't have that Sci-fi fantasy element to it.)
Really weird I’m doing the exact same thing
I put 30 hours into Destiny 2 and had no idea what story was about.
I haven't played since it was taken off the Blizzard launcher. I just remember having "all the bows" according to a friend and some fire type weapon that went TOOM-TOOM-TOOM-TOOM-TOOM and brought down the big bois pretty quick.
I agree that the new light experience is horrible, but from bungie's view point they have 2 more expansions for this saga, lightfall and final shape,  so it doesn't really make sense for bungie to do this bug overhaul and postpone it to after final shape
yyyeah it is definitely something that unfortunately got neglected during the games "rebirth" in 2020. new and returning players have no real idea where to start, which really needs to be the main focus once Lightfall is out, straight up. There are things that are being added next year that will alleviate some of this pain while they work on a more concrete solution, but unfortunately until then it'll keep being a problem. It's a shame since I think the game really has gotten a LOT better, whether it be story telling, the loot itself, or (most of) the activities.
If you're doing a looter-shooter kick, can I suggest you try Warframe?  It's free~
BLOODBORNE
OMG THE TXT AT THE BOTTOM DROVE ME NUTS TOOAAAUGH
Just came back recently: you’lol catch up soon enough   Welcome to new Halo! 😂
Best looter of shooter of all time, you still need to review borderlands 2
Quit Destiny about 6 months ago for the first time since 2014 and I must say my life has improved a significant amount.
There's actually a timeline tab which really helped me understand the lore of Destiny and I wasn't too overwhelmed are first, probably because I played SWTOR before coming to Destiny 2
Highly recommend doing the campaign on legendary. Makes it a challenge to do with friends and rewards you pretty nicely. New player experience is pretty terrible tho
Who's gonna tell him bright engrams are still in the game...?
Tanned Act Man turned me gay
YOU're lost at 4 years out? I never played and was frustrated that I could not fire up the game and play with friends. Nooooooooooo I had to go through this infernal tutorial that I basically spedran through because I wanted to play with friends. I wanted to play this game with my friends, because they invited me to play with them. Literally, the people recruiting for this game struggle to close the deal because you cannot jump in and JUST. PLAY. WITH. FRIENDS.  It's mind-meltingly dumb because I have a deeply sour first impression, and in spite of the efforts and depth or whatever, I'm annoyed I couldn't play with my friends and felt the need to just skip past every single menu and tutorial tidbit and just catch up later.   The game is bloated and strange. I don't like the aesthetic. The universe is interesting as an idea but I think in the end it's sort of imploding under its own tendency to be a mindless shooter. Like, wouldn't it be nice to down enemies in  less than a bajillion shots? Like, and in turn, actually need to use cover?
🤣🤣🤣 Awesome review
Yeah new player experience sucks but this is my favorite game rn. Been playing almost nothing but Destiny for the last year. I've put in 970 hours in the last year since switching to PC. Aside from Shadowkeep, this game has never disappointed me.
I started playing about two weeks ago. The new player experience is extremely confusing and the UI is godawful. But the gameplay felt good so I decided to stick with it and watched a few beginner guide videos. Put around 38 hours into it so far, I'm having an absolute blast. Probably gonna pick up the Witch Queen if it gets discounted in Steam's next sale, the free missions on Savathun's Throne World got me hooked. I'd tell my friend to play it with me, because I suspect the game is even more fun with friends, but his laptop is a toaster.
1700 hours into the D2 Grind.   It’s a good game. Hope to see you enjoy it more for end game reviews.
I remember starting this game being utterly confused on what to do I just used to load up planets to Shoot stuff, but after meeting people playing the game was so much easier, especially when it’s explained to you. destiny 2 is so good but nearly impossible to recommend for a friend who hasn’t played it
Never likes this game. Tried several times and just a boring, stale experience. Generic and nothing special.
Absolutely on point Zavala impersonation
As a D1 beta player all the way up until now, I have taken a few breaks along the way, only in D2 tho, but even when I missed just 1 entire season I had to take an hour or so to figure out the new stuff/mechanics. So I can imagine someone who took years off, or is new really will need a current player or hours of videos/websites..
as a player that LITTERALLY still plays Destiny 2  when i deleted my character to fix how he looks like and EVEN I GOT JARRED by the fucking New Light Experience  it was awful and hit me with so much and even though I KNOW what to do it was sitll fucking confusing as fuck  i am so happy they are fixing it cause holy shit
I quit destiny cause of the direction it took I ain’t a fan of the whole seasonal stuff either. I miss the d1 the dark themed story’s I not fan of the whole catalysts for weapons and the whole over complicated stuff they added like mods I miss the good old simple days nothing cluttered nothing overwhelming just simple.
Transformers Cybertron are actually really good games
Wait bright engrams are really good. They allow you to get things from the cash shop for playing the game!
Subnuatica is a pretty cool game
17:30 there is actually quite a cool stealth section of the raid, vault of glass (from og D1)
Based video. Destiny has a shit new user experience, and Bungie knows this. They're gonna try to make it better as time goes on. At it's core destiny is fun as hell and has amazing gameplay, visuals, music, etc. It's just misunderstood.
I love the sponsor part
Hmm its almost like that loot cave adventure with light raid mechanics are called dungeons, you know a 3 player activity with light raid mechanics yeah thats the word I'm looking for
Oh neat, so it's not just Warframe that has the 'if you leave you can never come back, if you do, you won't understand what's going on' vibe
To be fair, there is a beginner “path” for a fair part of the systems within the game, however it’s available from the get go for completely new players. It’s available for returning players also, but they need to seek it out in the abandoned quests kiosk in the Tower (been a while since I heard of this so not entirely sure it’s still there).  ALSO, to be fair, it’s not all that great, a good start, but it does get to the point for new players to be like “what am I doing now?”. Arguably way better than to just have nothing at all.  Main problem right now (for me), though, is the loss of a lot of good story from previous expansions. To Bungie’s merit, the vaulting of old planets and content was made tactfully with a story reason for them disappearing. However lots of context for great story beats we’re touching right now with Witch Queen is not quite accessible outside reuploads of cutscenes and campaign playthroughs on Youtube, leading to a bit of confusion.  Bungie announced in a Destiny Showcase that they are gonna add severely helpful tools to guide completely new players on what to do once the upcoming expansion, “Lightfall”, drops. Too early to say anything, but I do genuinely think Bungie knows about the state of the New Light experience and they really care to make it just right. Can still be proven wrong, but a little good faith won’t hurt.  To close this: great video, very funny also and I’m very happy Destiny 2 seems to be slowly crawling out of the pit many unfortunate occurrences have dug it five-ish years ago. There’s quite some way to go and I really hope Bungie delivers because, as it was said in the video, there’s lot to love about Destiny.
I have an addiction to d2, and i can say that the one thing the community all agrees on is that the game sucks. But we still play it.
Really happy I played this for 20 hours about 3 years ago and then said wow this is ass
i have a single problem with destiny 2, i paid 100 bucks on release for this on pc. Got the most sub par experience ever, and 2 dlc ... when i thought i bought a season pass, let's say the 2 dlc i got on release WERE NOT GOOD at ALL... curse of osiris anyone ? and now, i have to show extra cash to replay a game i spent 100 bucks on, that now has multiple seasons passes, battlepasses and a store  and with expansions that cost more than 40 bucks ? hello ? WTF is going on ? and even worse, the content i paid for is actually no longer playable and the dlcs i bought are now non accessible so you're buying something that will eventually get removed, just how the fuck can you monetise that way, when warframe exist...
I played the story and never played it again
I’d honestly be interested in a video of Act Man playing each of the current D2 raids, that’d definitely be one hell of a new player experience
Act man if this video was made under threat by Zanny blink 3 times in a row
hi
I definitely wasn't expecting a RWJ reference.
Savanna Zavala "I hope Savathun and her Savathussy make a return!" 😂 😂 😂 😂
Been with Destiny since the very beginning. I remember chilling with the boiz in McDonald’s making our first clan in D1. I Took a break from the game after Curse of Osiris, it was a pretty low point for the game. I came back shortly after Warmind and I’ve been watching Bungie make some great changes to the game ever since. Destiny 2 in 2022 isn’t the same game it was in 2017.  It’s definitely for the better however. It might as well be Destiny 3 when Lightfall comes out. I’m also surprised you didn’t mention the addition of finishers! They added those in Shadowkeep. It’s another cool way to customize combat. As for the new player experience I completely agree with you since I recently tried to help my sister get started. I hear they’re working to remedy that situation come the release of Lightfall. Like you said though, Destiny definitely shines when it comes to its art direction and sound design. The Witch Queen soundtrack slaps and gives me life. They still manage to give me goosebumps. I’d love to see more Destiny content from you! I always value your perspective even when you criticize something I like. Hope you can get your bearings! The Witch Queen campaign is definitely a great way to start.
Honestly I can't see myself coming back to this game. I spent money and time on it, and it ultimately ended up being not worth it for me.  I arrived when this game went f2p and even bought the witch queen expansion. I had a love hate relationship with the game, playing solo for so long and having no friends to game with, kind of opened my eyes to why this game just isn't for me.
Have you ever played The Division?
I played like 4 months ago and loved it with my friend! I was hooked and bought the 3 DLC thing for 60$. Until I realized the company says heck you and took the one DLC away my friend and I quit the game. I would still play now as it was fun but like it's cringe.
Personally I think the game is doing great!! Though I feel like there needs to be something to make the game more single player friendly for those who may not have other friends who also play destiny because that’s been my issue for the longest time. Everyone played other games and did t want to get into it
Zanny? You here bro?
Glad to find you here. I myself transitioned from halo to destiny, it’s a no-brainer really. Halo was bungie
Act man, you are like all my friends who stopped playing during forsaken or stopped before beyond light. I had to go and help 6 to 10 of them on all the new stuff, which is gambit, crucible, Strikes, new/old bounties and all the new guns.
I came back to destiny 2 after quitting after they launched 2. I have to say couldn't agree more with you on the bad new player experience. If I didn't have a little understanding under my belt from destiny 1 I would be totally lost. However after watching some class guides and a few pvp mechanics videos I'm having a shit load of fun especially in the crucible 👍 all in all very happy I came back and a good use of my time
have fun going to ada every day to "try" and get "all" of the mods she doesn't sell for months. 😂
You have a solid point about them getting rid of the Osiris dlc because it fucking sucked lol. That dlc was hot garbage. Also yeah the new light experience is terrible. Awful even.   However, they have stated they are going to add a sort of guardian "rmastery" that you can upgrade by doing tasks and such that is permanent and shows  how experienced you are, and acting as a sort of guiding for new lights as an objective list to teach them things about the game. Here's hoping it doesn't suck.
Let’s goooooo
As someone who never touched destiny 1 or 2 outside of cutscenes, the currencies look like the No Mans Sky resources 😵‍💫
Did you tried Warframe? I dont want to see video on it, it already had too many fame, i like when it my little secret garden of smtng like perfect game.Just interested.
You should re-vist cyberpunk dude
So I finally learnt how to do a review. Oh no wait I didn’t
Recently tried coming back to D2 (WITHOUT buying any additional DLC) at the behest of a friend.... and I'm so lost and really am not enjoying my time with what's going on, so this vid is a REALLY accurate summary of my experience. I had fun because of my FRIEND being there, but the game was... eh.
Yeaaah baby, bungie arc is back on menu
I’ve been waiting for so long finally he has returned
Interesting that you return after 4 years, and I chose to leave after 5 years playing it. It will always go with me the memories of this game, but getting off D2 for me was impending and necessary.
Normally I don't watch anything to do with Bungie, due to them literally stealing my entire game.  But this video was good, and I laughed several times.  Fuck Bungie.
Actman, are you going to talk about how EA messed up Bioshock with new shitty launchers?
Hey you should play with Zanny, I hear he's new at the game too!
Destiny is garbage.
Damned shame moth people didn't become a thing
Idk I quit for a while and got back into it with a good clan and I’ve been having genuine fun. Not playing the game per se but playing with people I like.
That sponsor transition was funny af
ONE OF US! *ONE OF US!*
I think that Destiny, with all of its faults and flaws, is one of the best games of the last and current generation. Yes, eververse exists, but there is a cosmetic shop in so many games. Yes it's overwhelming how many things there are to do, but I'd much rather have that problem than having nothing to play *cough Halo Infinite cough*. The art is absolutely crazy sometimes, the music is always top tier, the dedication Bungie has to making new experiences and activities every season is dedication I think I've only seen from playground games with Forza. The golden loop is really good, although it gets stale sometimes. I really like playing PVP even though it can be super annoying when you start to really get into it. I can seriously say I don't think another game has Destinys polish, ambition, and longevity. And the story that has been building over the years has been great. Like Halo to Halo Reach great. I'm so glad I've stuck with Destiny. It's not perfect, but I have loved keeping up with it through this time. Can't say that about COD or Halo the last few years.
Removing The Red War was what killed Destiny 2 for me.  It was great content. They just wanted to delete the bloat.
Hey bro if u ever want someone to help u get a foothold in D2 I would be happy to help. I’ve helped three entirely new people get started and consistently playing 😊
convoluted boring and only mildly playable still confused how anyone gives time to this crap
Destiny is an amazing game. The problem is new players can't actually discover that unless someone who already plays introduces and explains everything (or they spend way too long learning it by themselves, the hard way).   From the mod system to the story, the game doesn't explain anything. In Lightfall Bungie will be adding something that will hopefully give new players a clear path to start with. Only time will tell if it'll actually work.
Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold.
I’d like you to Review Gears of war
One thing I can say above all else in regards to destiny is that it has some of the best feeling gunplay in any first person shooter I've played. It's addictive almost.
Destiny is like hard drugs you play once and you are hooked for life
Welcome back ❤
But why would you do that to yourself man
So quit Halo Infinite and moved onto Destiny three weeks ago, once I got past the initial stage of confusion and what to do/where to go/how to play, I have to admit, it's the most fun i've had gaming in YEARS! I look forward to getting on every single day and i'm the type of guy to get bored of a game after a few minutes.
Everything you said in this video is cool and all, but what about femboy besties ? You gonna review it ?
This game is hard to enjoy alone
that "femboy Besties" was a curve ball i was not expecting, and being sick didnt help my laughing fit
9:39 that voice tho 😂😂😂
Ms. Doubtzala
The =3 transition 💀
Yeah I tried to keep up with this game then I realized what the game slowly turned into. Grinding the same guns with different stats doesn't sound like my cup of tea and I quit officially after they started vaulting content. Loved their raids but I don't got 6 friends who are willing to buy every expansion to play every raid 😂
Am I the only one who wasn't all that confused as a new player when I started? The game telling you about content you do or don't have access to is kind of a good thing
Glad you like my favourite game! <3
D2 has always been the "weekend with the boys." Sort of game. While they're more knowledgeable and more skilled, I enjoy loading strikes or dungeons. You should try raiding again, VoW is one of the best raids and also has a very great boss.
I remember I tried getting into the game early last year with the Beyond Light DLC, and didn't find myself enjoying it. Played for like 3 days. But I started playing again at the beginning of this month with the Witch Queen DLC and have found myself enjoying it a lot for some reason. Some of the changes felt weird but it didn't feel hard to get into, maybe because I'm lucky enough to have friends who already play the game helping me out. Destiny 2 is pretty fun, but the PvP is atrocious.
Destiny is the only game I play nonstop and will bore anyone talking about the story in long rants and actively tell new players DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT. The game is S-tier but the new player experience is god awful
Brah ... dude just start.playing .. get a friend ...or watch youtube videos... literally type what you are looking for  and watch videos ... people keep pretending like there is not a way around this .... when i came back i watch YouTube videos and was fine
Once this man gets into raids and dungeons he’ll keep coming back until it’s too hard to put the game down
Those zavala impressions were straight fire
I've been playing destiny since day 1 and have loved it ever since. I feel lucky the game gripped me enough to keep me playing regularly, because I highly doubt I'd put in the effort of catching up if I ever fell behind. New users and returning users are really put in a tough spot trying to play the game.
came back to the game at the beginning of 2022 after not playing it since launch and it took me a month if not more just to understand everything
About how I felt trying the game again.  Utterly and completely lost.  Desperately needs a proper campaign.
*is done with halo* "So how's destiny doin over there?"
bruh you did NOT just say thank god they got rid of bright engrams?   you mean the things that gave you free cosmetics? that otherwise you have to spend over 10k to obtain?   my question is what the fuck do you think bright engrams are?
HADESSSSS
Thumbnail looks like Markiplier and I had to do a double take
actually liked the red war campaign, shame I cant play it anymore
Game sucks
Okay.
I wished they never removed the content.
I was ready to hear a 20 minute rant about how bad Destiny 2 is but you came in and gave it a honest try. Pointed out a few grievances that new lights and most current players have with Destiny but still saw the great qualities the franchise has to offer.
also if you like music do deep stone crypt
It's still pay to win
I love seeing the old school act man come back to discuss other games! Really refreshing
By any chance will you revisit Cyberpunk 2077?
You know Act Man, this is clear evidence that you've never played Warframe.  The game is a real clusterfuck.
Legit, been thinking about checking out Destiny. I stopped playing 30 minutes into the campaign on release day. Never came back.
1.8k hours in, im bored of destiny, obviously a span of years. I just dont play anymore. Even crucible has gotten too boring. No incentive to play anymore.
I weep for you.
Ah yes, destiny 2 the game i would be able to describe as shittiest and best game at same time.   Jokes aside, as someone who spent playing this game more then I would like to admit and have been playing since release of shadowkeep, New light experience was always dogshit (they did add "tutorial" for NEW players, not returning ones with Beyond light and addition of Cosmodrone). That has been a well known issue for now almost 2 full years. Lack of tutorial or guidance is an issue just as you said and I do not expect it to get better (actually i expect it to get worse). I do absolutely disagree that game changed much over the course of years, outside of raids and to a lesser extend dungeons and few notable strikes, its copy paste of "hordmod not hordmod" activity that gets very boring very fast (at the very least game did not change much since shadowkeep). Also this game DOES NOT ENCOURAGE OR REWARD solo play and if you want to play this game you should not start it solo or you will suffer.  Now what type of content destiny 2 has? We can split it in simply PvE, PvP and gambit.  PvE content most consist of grinding pinnacles or powerful engrams and artifact level so you are high enough light level for "high end" content. With powerful engram you can obtain gear "soft cap" of light level and with pinnacle "hard cap" which is always by 10 light levels higher then powerful cap. Pinnacle and powerful cap are increased by 10 each season (basically next season powerful cap will be previous season pinnacle cap). Why you do all that? So you can grind the best gear in game.... except not really. What this game does a lot and is managing to piss me off succsessfully  is that best PvE content might be locked behind High end PvP activity or other way around. Also the so called "Adept" variations of guns compare to normal ones are hardly worth farming. Sometimes top tier weapon is just a random world drop. Why do people do then high end activities such as Grandmaster nightfall strikes? Mostly for the Seal and bragging rights since there is no other reward really.  PvE can further be divided into Strikes, seasonal content, expansion campaign, dungeons raids, exotic quest and few more "off shots".  Vanguard playlist hold strikes and those are probably the easiest aspect of PvE content to start with, they are fairly linear and straightforward objective always being go in, shoot your way trough enemies, kill boss, get loot. What makes strikes more High end are difficulties and specifically Grandmaster strikes (but more on those later).  Expansion campaign is something new we got with witch queen and are more dynamic then strikes (but still follow the formula of get in, kill boss, get out) but are at least something a bit new (sadly engine limits are showing how simple still everything is).  Seasonal content is...... honestly the worst part of PvE content since it only serves as a gate wall to get new or reissued guns (more on that later). Also if you played 1 season seasonal content, you played them all. They are all hordemod not hordemod with different skin. Not every season is equally awful but at the very least i can say that storytelling in seasonal content IMPROVED DRASTICALLY in season of chosen in beyond light but ever since remained unchanged (and still most of story is told trough gatekeeping story each week and by lore books that are hidden). Quality of story also varies between seasons and is ONLY PLAYABLE if you own season pass.  Exotic quest are usually tied with season pass and/or with expansion, most quests are just a way to gatekeep you from exotic with a bit of a story that make you go from point A to point B  but there are some that break that monotony, most notable one being Dead messenger that has its dedicated mission with 2 difficulties for itself and its catalyst (they were more such quests but they were all Vaulted).  What ActMan played in the video and said he liked it is a dungeon which is, depending on the difficutly, mid to high end content that features a for now always 3 encounters and a bit of puzzles/sparrow driving between them. They stand different from strikes since they are a bit more then just "shoot boss, boss immune, kill adds that spawn, repeat until boss dead". There are total of 5 dungeons in the game and (for now) none were vaulted, 2 are free for new light players.  And at last we have raids which can be described as the pinnacle of destiny 2 (and are honestly they only content i personally give a shit about in this game anymore). Since beyond light and re release of Vault of Glass they feature Master difficulty for the most daring and normal difficulty for everyone else. Raids are unlike everything else so far, a 6 man PvE activities featuring actual mechanics, secrets, jumping puzzles and exclusive raid exotics (which some were Meta defining) and actual learning curve and mechanics outside of "just shoot lol". There is a lot to be said about each raid but I wont make this any longer than it needs to be, but I will say that there is atm total of 11 raids in destiny 2. 5 of them are vaulted 3 of them are free (2 of them are re issued d1 raid with some changes to mechanics and both of them have master difficulty) and 3 are locked behind expansion (each raid behind different one).  As for one offs, this is where destination content such as blindwell belongs and meanagering like activites belong. What are menagering like activities? Wellspring or any other 6 man PvE activity that is not a raid (that are somehow still all less original, more repetitive, less rewarding then menagering so therefore they hold such name, Menagering was season 7 (?) activity that is atm vaulted)  That wraps up PvE content, PvP we can split in casual pvp, Trials of osiris and iron banner. I will say in advance that I absolutely despite d2 PvP and hope for its death and bungie sure does not care much about it.  Casual pvp has several game modes but ill mention only one which is the main one (tho none are particularly good) and that is control aka typical capture zone (yea that is it).  Iron banner was the same until last season when they introduced capture flag to the game (yes really).  And last but certainly not much better is trials of osiris. Its an elimination style gamemod where you need to manually rez your team mates if they die, there is more but that sums it up well enough.  Now why do I loath d2 pvp and discourage anyone to ever play it? Well despite bungies lack of understanding of pvp and awful balance and controversies that you could write entire dictionary, all pvp (and actually entire game) is based on P2P connection............... Which makes for some awful games. Additionally, matchmaking is horseshit and bungie had tried (and failed) multiple times to improve it. Not to mention all the jank there is in PvP due to guns having aim assistance as a stat and so on.  And last but certainly not least shit is gambit.............. a mix of PvE and PvP that is completely awful and did not  got any major changes in more then 2 years.    Now that all that is said, as someone who has accumulated 3k h since games arrival on Steam and actually quited the game altogether during last season of beyond light (and would stay like that if friend did not gift me delux TWQ) I heavily discurage anyone from starting this game. This game is a time sink like no other and is very unrewarding for anyone doing high end activities. Not to mention that game monetization has went downhill and by the looks of the pricing of Lightfall it will only get worse, and in addition game heavily relies on FOMO to the point that it looks more and more like glorified mobile game. There are another reasons why i do not recommend for people to start this game (for most i would get shot by D2 community) and several controversies but those require separate wall of text.  Also, most of changes have happend during forsaken (such as armour 2.0) and start of shadowkeep (the  major weapon sandbox change). Since then game did not change much outside of sublcasses 3.0.
Act Man! You should check out Warframe!
Impeccable Zavala impression
I'm getting massive arby n the chief vibes from this vid I love it
Honestly, the new light experience looks SO MUCH like the new player experience in GTA Online, you don't understand anything that just got added over the years that you haven't played
I know you pointed it out already act man, but I do have to say that there is absolutely nothing to help ease you into the game. The only reason I was able to come back into it was because I had a friend to jump back in with and I had plenty of time to figure out what I should/need to do. Plus, I managed to get lucky and meet someone through lfg that was willing to add me to their clan and helped my friends and myself do all of the raids. I also met some cool people within the clan I joined. But I still understand why people don't want to get into it. Even if you have someone to teach you, the money you spend can seem ludacris.
god i have been waiting for this for way to long (also if you like the loot cave thing you should try thr profesy dungon)
Destiny 2 has one of the worst onboarding experiences I’ve ever seen in a game. I’ve returned numerous times off break and every time it gets more inane and incomprehensible. I cannot recommend it to anyone new. You need content sherpas just to navigate the game, and all of it feels by design.
More Act Man Destiny videos!
This shit is real, I’ve been playing since destiny 1 house of wolves came out, and was a hard core raiding SOB. I was constantly keeping up with the meta and news and always finished my weekly’s. But  then I decide to take a break right before season of the chosen was about to end. I was only gone for 3 months, and now I’m too low power to do anything, my loadout is outdated, I’m juggling three seasonal stories at once plus the new campaign, there’s new unexplained mechanics to the game that I’d only know about if I kept up with the news, and at that point I feel like Ive fallen behind too much for there to be a point to grind anymore. It’s not like I can have fun doing raids or nightfalls with my friends because I haven’t got the mods, power level, or the new meta gear to do them effectively, plus I don’t know the new raids’ mechanics . This game’s gotta chill.
You’re completely right destiny is the most fun game ever when playing with friends like actually but if you’re not it’s super boring
The things people that don’t like Destiny come up with to complain about is hilarious.  The game is not hard to figure out. There are plenty of things to bitch about in Destiny, but this video is just ridiculous. Don’t try Warframe. 😂
@14:44 Legit dying!!🤣🤣
The Zavala figure needs to be featured in your other videos. Absolutely loved it!
Do a vid on warframe pls
it must be painful for 343 industries and see bungie with a metric boatload worth of daily players on D2 than HI
Dude your vids are actually some of the best on the internet
Welcome back guardian <3
Where is the negativity?
You know I was going to say I can play D2 just fine without the Wiki (I only just realized there must be one, but I never thought about it) or a qualified expert, but then I realized I was the qualified expert.  Now I feel silly.
You’re such a dip shit, you literally click on witch queen and starts you the campaign. Like tf
My friends and I got back into Destiny about a month ago, and it has definitely been a good time. The raids and dungeons are the type of content I crave. Challenging skills as an fps player as well as teamwork and mental focus. Good stuff.
wait until he finds out how busted the crucible is and tries to get a god roll on a weapon
they vaulted content bc sony said the game was getting too big so blame sony
One aspect in its favor I feel should be stated is how good the cross-play and cross-plat is. Can play with anyone and switch platforms yourself easily. The biggest thing that sucks is if you change platforms, you need to buy the dlc's again. But not everything is locked away and any gear or weapons you earned aren't locked between switching.
I am still trying to convince my friends to play Warframe instead.
LETS GO BABY. I'm so glad you started playing Destiny 2 again. <3
Can’t wait to see this review I really like the game
Futa is cringe, but waw, Femboy? Where? We can get it!? Why didnt we already get it? Can you made full lenght video of it?
When I turned the game back on a few months ago after several years of not playing, and I found that pretty much the entire game and all the planets and content that I played through were removed, I just uninstalled it again. Mars and Titan were my fav planets to roam around on and they just completely cut them out so I'm done with it. I may return later if they bring back the old content, but until then, I'm staying away.
The zavala-182 had me cracking up 🤣
This video made me remember when I left destiny was around when they where phasing out the old stuff which ended up with half my weapons no longer being there or working and the cash shop trying to force it self down my windpipe, it seems not much has changed after all that time at least on the cash shop side of things.
I gave up when I learned story content was removed and what little there is, is out of order so I was extremely confused as to what was happening
The act man becoming a destiny YouTuber... well maybe there was a bright side to halo infinite dying
Crap at the bottom of the screen disappears when you follow the instructions and complete them or when you hit B which is the default dismiss button usually says data
Oh a game I haven’t played in 3 years, is bad because I just came back and instantly don’t know what to do. Go back to halo infinite
That’s why I honestly can’t stand the game anymore. The fact that the game is built for the hardcore players and the hardcore players only now is just something I can’t get behind. Also the UI, content structure, and amount of grinding you need to do in order to even remotely get where the game wants you to be to do all the content that is worthwhile is just insane to me. Also the monetization model is absolutely atrocious.   It’s really painful to me cause before Beyond Light, honestly the game was in such a great state for a player like me. Very casual and occasionally dipped my toes into the more difficult content. There was so much to do with my friends and we all had a great time. But then Beyond Light came out and just completely shifted the game in a direction I was no longer a fan of. To be fair, Destiny has never been a casual game, not in my eyes. But given enough content, rewards, and polishing of said content and rewards you can easily incentivize a casual player towards becoming a hardcore player and in Summer of 2020 I was really close and so were my friends. But idk. Post release of Beyond Light, the game just feels like I’m staring at it from behind a window and never able to enjoy it like the hardcore players do ever again.
I must admit that destiny has a horrible new player experience. However I'm thankfull for that. Instead of completely assassinating their original fan base like star wars, they keep 100% true to their current fanabse. Its mainly a game for people who already play it or some who are willing to go through the pain of the new player experience. Just saying id rather actually have a game that stays true to the player then call of duty for example. But then again maybe I'm saying that because I've been player destiny sense the beginning.
im really happy to see you back on Destiny 2, the game is much better now. also the 3 man mini raid activities are called dungeons, and there are 3 more.
Best game to play with old halo friends.
What’s funny is that this guy as a returning light at a new light to destiny would already know that Destinee doesn’t explain anything and Game lol you need to find out on your own or your YouTube. Even the Destinee one this was always the case. I know this because I follow Youtubers who have been YouTube since Destinee one and I’ve only been playing for two years however it is a very accurate picture of what it’s like to attempt to jump into playing destiny like you Would any other game. But I’m willing to bet he did that I just to make the video more in the tank which it worked. But I do know that as a person who played the one he already knew that he should have been probably did YouTube video and overview of the new mechanics of Destinee.
I loved destiny 1 played the first two dlc of destiny 2 quit, went back a month ago and hated it more P.s. amazing vid lmao
i say this every time i see someone defending vaulting content in any capacity. OSRS has NEVER vaulted any content and its over 20 years old and is a URL browser game...... ill just leave this here.  Edit: i would easily take a 300gb d2 game than vault a single thing. power creep is just an excuse. file size is a lame excuse. you can get a 4tb HDD for about $150 easy.
Destiny 2 is just not worth it. Destiny 1 wasn't worth it either.
There's nothing quite like destiny. Most addictive game I've ever played
cringest shit ever
I just can’t get back into the game, cause I gotta pay so much money and I missed so much lore  Edit: I also missed so many new game modes, mechanics, amor and guns
Seamless ad transition there lol.
Returning after 4 years and the game treating you like a Veteran, who knows exactly how to navigate the Menu & Game Modes is definitely a flaw, i agree. The experience might have been a little more consumer friendly with a completely new character, as they introduce you to Mechanics and Subclasses bit by bit.
I tried Destiny 2, my first Destiny experience a few months ago, but the barrier to entry was too much to come back the third time
I hate the redwar replacement tutorial so much, because I have dragged no less than 6 people through it, I’d rather explain everything they need, and start queuing them for strikes immediately.
Came back to D2 in the past week. It’s confusing as shit, even to a D1/early D2 vet but once you get your head around it, the bones of this game are SO GOOD. Still think the shooting mechanics are best in class.
Btw for anyone watching the Halo weapons are completely free. It’s the Marathon ornaments and Gjallarhorn as well as the “loot cave” dungeon you are purchasing with the 30th pack
Stop enabling these addicts lol
Take notes, 343
we need  more of the Act Zavala
You might think you got a lot of pop ups because you havent played the game in years, I get like 7 pop ups if I dont play the game for more than 2 weeks
Destiny 2 is way too complex and confusing for what it is. I tried it when it went FTP because I love the Borderlands franchise and it’s looter shooter aspects. I quit after an hour.  If anyone wants a looter shooter experience. Play any of the Borderlands games. The 2nd one is definitely the best out of the 5 but they’re all fun in their own ways.
I think Asmongold said it the best. The Art team carries the game so hard that they should walk around the office holding their back and yelling god damn my back hurts i carry all these useless management and devs on our backs
That sponsorship add was something lmao
Honestly a great video. I’ve been playing D2 since Curse of Osiris and I’ll admit, there’s been times where I’ve hated it and didn’t want to look at it, and times where it’s the only game I’d play for months on end. It’s still fun asf and I doubt I’ll be leaving Destiny anytime soon.
20:11 My favorite part of the video XD
Act Man: I'll make another Destiny video sometime.  Me: 5 years later
Never played Destiny 2, but definitely thinking about it, what should I do as a new player? like, whats your advise?
Maurice is still waiting for ULTRAKILL content.
@7:47 “Sweet I’d like to play the game, now, please.”
Let’s go! Another gamer getting into D2!
Glad to have you back man, its a good game and a good community.
i wouldnt recommend it. its a shitshow. but it is waaaaay better than halo shitfinite.
Yep.... Destiny 2s biggest flaw is that it explains NOTHING.   For instance, that question you have about light level? Unless you're under leveled for something light level means nothing now because everything is scaled to your level if you're over what the game requires. It really only matters if you're doing harder content like Grandmaster strikes and master raids. The real thing you're striving for is to build up your arsenal, armor, armor mods and subclass builds so that you can do harder content. But the game NEVER tells you that.  But the gap in content is worse than you think. The days of just buying the yearly expansion and still knowing what's going on are long gone because major story beats are also in the seasonal content so if you don't buy those, you'll have no idea what's going on. Now don't get me wrong, they're a lot of bang for your buck, $10 four times a year gets you multiple seasonal activities, 5-12 new weapons with brand new perks to chase, a new armor set and armor ornament set to go along with it.... it's a good deal. Problem is that with every new expansion the previous year's seasons get thrown in the trash. Oops. There goes a full 4/5ths of the story.  And we're talking major stuff. Like us saving Saint-14 by altering the timeline. The Pyramid ships you saw at the end of Red War showing up and shoving the missing planets into black holes. The Cabal homeworld being destroyed by the Hive so Calus' daughter shows up and tries to force us into the Cabal, but we show that we aren't weak so we end up in an alliance instead. Some of the Fallen have decided to stop their pirate ways and have joined forces with us, forming a three way alliance. Calus has sided with the Darkness and all of his raids were a ploy to make us malleable enough to join his side. The list goes on. All content that is just gone and can't be accessed.  Bungie has been removing things because they need to keep the build of the game smaller so that they can roll out changes better and on that front they've succeeded. During Shadowkeep's year it took 6 months just to change an exotic because compiling the game's code was taking 24-36 hours whenever they made a change. Now we're getting fixes within a week.  Gameplay wise, D2 is in a fantastic state but the cohesion of the world its set in has gone to complete hell and its been like that for the last two years. Frankly, I wish we had just gone to D3 with Beyond Light and left D2 where it was. They sunset most of our stuff anyway so why not?
I really think you should make some videos on Dayz man, and just survival games in general like tarkov and scum. I just don't think they get enough attention and love. Generally the people who cover them are much smaller YouTubers.
You got a pretty good zavalla voice bruh !
well i have 1700hrs ... its a good game
"Really would like a stealth mission"  ...god damn it, why did they have to vault Presage?
I've been watching your work for years and I noticed you used the "reporter-deer shot" in this video.  Just so you know it's from Estonia, it made me smile. Greetings from here and come visit us sometime.
I think Lightfall is what will help fix new  player experience
7:28 best part of the video
I played the game a couple of days. Wasn't impressed at all, despite playing it with friends. It's just too much for me, personally😅 I see the quality in it. The art direction, the shooting and the gameplay was awesome! But those menus, the stores, the quests and everything else. Holy mf:ing hell was it boring and tedious. It felt like a glorified mobile game. Could be because of my ADD, or something else, I'm not sure. I can't find the patience to learn everything. It's not for me. Clear and simple.
He doesn't know that it's Caiatl's feet now.
Honestly, the game would be a lot better if you could replay the old story without having to start an entirely new character; the story is definitely the best part of Destiny 2 for me. Knowing that I would have to create a new character and progress up to that point in the story JUST to play said mission once and never again? Well... that kind of kills the game for me. Especially since none of my friends are interested in playing it and would need to fork out anywhere between thirty and over a hundred dollars to get the story content that they wanted.
Nostalgia Critic is that you?
I just recently watched IHE's video on recent d2 and your's was great as well. I much prefer the videos from people who enjoy the game more casually, as although i know the game really well i just don't have the time to play it to the highest level so actually sympathise with more of your criticisms. If you want to see why people like me are starting to tire a bit of the game what i would suggest is that you try and get to 'pinnacle' power level and +20 additional power on your artifact, this is essentially what's required of you to participate in the endgame and the grind can be a real slog.
Why am I just finding out there were designs for moth people in Destiny? First I can’t the spider fallen race, then it’s the space turtles, now it’s moth people.
18:33 bright engrams still exist :/
Off-topic: you must create a second channel called Foreskin Gaming.
Just came back myself a couple weeks ago, and I too found all my old exotics "nerfed." Until I realized that if I "reacquired" them from my "collection" I get them with the new attributes and mod slots. Kind of a nice eff you from Bungie to make you spend in game currency to get the pieces you already own in a game you once paid real money for
I'm sorry to hear this
The sunsetting and vaulting of the early campaigns has created a bizarre situation where Bungie is trying to make the game approachable for newcomers, but most of the things that introduce players to the game are largely gone and you are basically just dumped off after some brief introductory content and left in menu hell. I have been playing since the D1 beta so I am quite used to the game's idiosyncrasies, but I can't imagine coming in fresh now. I would have no idea who any of the characters are, what I am supposed to be doing and why... There is some great content in Destiny 2, but yeah it's pretty well known that the onboarding process in 2022 is rough. Even for lapsed players.
And so it begins….
16:18 Homie got trolled gamer style
I have been playing destiny 2 sens day 1 and can say that I have sean the highs and the lows over 4 years of playing this game. Witch queen is a good story dlc but when you get to the end game content it gets empty. The leveling system is just out right bad. They force you to buy the season content so you can be active in the game but they remove all the hard endgame content like the old raids (that are still in the game). Every single raid right now is at starter light level. It means that you can skip all the base content just to then get all the high end loot. For you to get the same understanding as a average destiny players. Get to a mid level and just rome the game. What ever you are doing, crucible,gambit, story content or raids you will find that any of it does not matter at all. The game is to complex and is way to hard to follow for new players. If you are going to play the game more you will find out that over all the icing of witch queen story missions and raids the game is simply hollow. It lacks the bases of what it once had in destiny 1. Yes, destiny 1 did not have a story but the end game content and grind was at a diffrent level to what ever destiny 2 has curently. The game is not perfect but they need to change the game to fit the standard of what it once had. Destiny 2 will get better but it is just a matter of how long it will take until they finnally make it fun to grind. The reson why am saying all this shit is, without a reson to grind like, killing a boss faster or not having to sweat your ass off to not die. You lose the experice of having to work hard to kill the bad boy boss at the end. It's not a clime where you work to get stronger. You are alredy strong and the only game mode in destiny 2 that is hard and needs a lot of grinding is the master nightfall and even for me as a OG destiny player I still don't know shit what any of the mods do or what perks to get except what ever sounds the coolest to get for my gun. The game is just as hard as it is easy to play. It is never in the middle, it is fuck all if I know.
One thing to note, Destiny’s lore is top-notch, if you haven’t already check out some lore-related videos on YouTube
The Negatives you said about the new player experience is true and 100% of the community agrees on the new player experience should be remade (again)
14:32 Zavala only has his eyes on one lady and her name is Empress Caiatl.
I love the game, but agree it’s hard for new players to catch up. You would need to buy old expansions, the Which Queen, seasonal pass and anniversary pack. Very confusing and a bit pricy to start.
Yes,Yes.
armor in d2 is fuckin dog shit lmfao
Meh this game still so scummy besides that it’s not bad but can be mind numbing
I hate this game, 0/10, I play it every day
Shame he missed menagerie such a good activity
the zavala action figure voice acting was great lol
All this convoluted stuff in this game is enough to keep me away. It's like doing your taxes but worse, bc it's supposed to be fun
Foreskin 😂
Relevant, I also just started playing D2 again like 4 hours ago 😅
Please upload this gameplay on your second channel, you and your friends could make a funny moments series seriously
If you ever want to get some raid experience under your belt. I’d be more than happy to help with my clan. We love to walk people through their first times. Last weekend we helped 2 people go through Kings fall, deep stone crypt, vow of the disciple, and garden of salvation. They are all fun and worth experiencing. They aren’t too hard when you have an experienced team.
Destiny honestly in the best spot the game has ever been in
I couldn't  get past tutorial. Not because  it was hard . It was simply to boring and I wish I could kill the flouting thing talks way to  much.
Always tell people that ask why I keep playing and enjoy is simple. I can afford to both play AND enjoy.  Most cases I see is I can afford it but don’t enjoy it OR I want to enjoy it but can’t afford it.  The biggest criticism now is that they have abandoned the free CORE playlists to focus on a seasonal model that you HAVE to pay for to get the full experience.
Destiny is the worst. I recommend it.
This really is some foreskin gaming 👍
As someone who started playing destiny 2 two weeks ago , i find this funny because what you said it 100% accurate to what i thought and still thinking haha i understand alot more but im still hella confused
Destiny 2 is fantastic. All you have to do is actually play it to understand. 2+2=4...not hard...just play.
acting part op
😂😂😂😂 funniest video yet
It's official, Destiny 2 is the best Halo on Playstation
Stresstiny 2
I love destiny 2, the lore (if your into stuff like that) is something I find really interesting and with the light fall and just next years updates in general bungie has addressed the confusion aspect of the game and are adding more social features.
I've been addicted to Destiny since D1 launched. I love and hate this game at the same time.
Stopped playing after the menagerie dlc and when I came back I was super pissed that geomag stabilizers no longer filled up your super.
If you hold LT, it gives you a prompt on what to do
act man's zavala impression sounds like korg from thor 4. you can decide if that's a compliment or not
Destiny 2 certainly has improved, forsaken pretty much brought it out of the hell zone and into a more stable point of development.   I do agree that its difficult for new lights as they get overwhelmed by all the objectives, plus with vaulted story content it makes it more difficult for new lights to understand both the game and its story without getting lost in it because of how much content is there for you to play.   While the community has its fair share of toxic players, there are groups of people out there that sherpa other players in raids and help them get it done, and this'll get even more improved with lightfall and its in game LFG system.  Destiny 2 isn't the best game of all time but its certainly a game thats worth keeping in your library and playing from time to time with friends.
Fortnite Skins in Destiny is hilarious
If you think its complicated now wait till lightfall. Better catch up guardian and stop your bitching
Literally same. I dropped after orsis. Then I returned for that ICEY dlc. Then I dropped again  . . . Now I'm back lol
Would you possibly try out homefront
Welcome back
The raids are 12/10. Give them a try. You won't be dissapointed.
Been playing since 2019 Gotta say it’s come a long way with some mishaps, major hiccups, good times, bad times but at the end of the day Bungie has made good improvements. May not be perfect but at least it can be fun
Destiny 2 really has gone through an absolute transformation over the last few years, Witch Queen and the seasons leading up to it have been some of the best storytelling Bungie's produced in years, and the gameplay's seen a massive overhaul. Its never been a better time to be a long-time Destiny fan
#fire343 😂
I'm really excited to see you try destiny out again, I suggest trying it out at the next major release, the said in the latest Livestream they did that they are completely redoing introduction stuff and helping with the "I don't know where to start" problem!
Awesome video keep it up.
I loved this video!
"I want tutorials" *doesn't read the tutorials that popup*
12:50 …  Is that a god damn IHE reference??
Destiny 2 is definitely at its peak rn and I’m hoping it stays like that with lightfall next year
This is 100% correct. The game, at its core, is amazing. The gunplay is extremely satisfying, the art direction is stunning, music is beautiful, it has a very rewarding gameplay loop, awesome and plentiful gear to make your character look however you want, and TONS of content to lose yourself in, but for a new player, I can imagine how incredibly confusing everything can be. Godroll weapons, stat distribution, build crafting etc. It's all either poorly explained by the game, or not at all. That's where the game probably loses most new players, especially with all the year one content being vaulted. Like you get this New Light quest and once you get through it, you just get thrown into the deep. No way of knowing which order the expansions are in, no deep explanation into core mechanics, just you against the world. This concept has been proven to be very popular. Look at FromSoft games. It's just that Destiny is NOT that type of game. Or well it is, but it has no right being it. There should be tutorials, clear indicators of where to start, recommended gear and pre-made loadouts+an in-game method of crafting your own loadout (which I know is finally coming with Lightfall). Like how the fuck is a new player supposed to know where to grind for materials such as enhancement prisms, ascendant shards etc? Or hell, even exotic gear? Seriously, how hard is it to add a tutorial that tells you "hey, enhancement prisms? You can grind those with Nightfalls. The higher the difficulty, the hugher the chance." Or "hey, want to grind out your exotic armor? Play legend lost sectors solo." The game should be full of things like that to point a new player in the right direction, but it isn't. You either find the game fun enough to look up all these things on your own, or you drop it, never to pick it up again. In this regard, Bungie REALLY needs to give the game a MASSIVE overhaul
14:40 thought it looked stupid that a grown man was playing with action figures but that frame where he grabbed him was actually menacing.
Day 2 of asking the act man to review  metal Gear rising revengence
You should play with Zanny! I love seeing you two do stuff together, and this is the perfect game for y'all I feel
I bet one of Actman homies mentioned how good his impression of Zavalas is, and now he’s made a video showcasing just how good it is
every new player I have met, or friends I've tried getting into the game says that the new user experience is a load a ass
act man, as an avid addict of d2 for the past few years. the most fun comes from getting cracked at pvp, playing controlled environment private matches and having a group around you.
This is exactly how I feel trying to play Warframe. The gameplay is fun but everything else feels so bloated and complicated
When act man doesn’t talk about destiny’s gunplay😢
I feel Act Man about being picky when it comes to games. I'm pretty much the same way, being a sandbox kind of player.
Love this game but cuz of the new player experience I can't really recommend it without someone either playing d1 or watching literal days worth of content to get them up to speed and on top of the lack of direction and bugs new light has it's a slog to be the tutorial for someone. I hope in the future like maybe lightfall with the changes coming in that I hope to see a new light revamp
That was one cool transition.
If you'd like to review Destiny 2 again at some point, the next major dlc launch in February is supposed to bring more guide rails for new and returning players, so reviewing that system could be great 😃
returning player experience is abysmal lol
Yeah I wish bungie would fix the new light or old returning players experience but once you get on track it's a lot of fun
i will never play destiny 2 again. removing paid content is stealing. whether it was bad or not.
"If it impresses me, or if I hate it enough, I'll come back to it."  This is how I live my life.
OMG the game spamming you with popups was absurd after coming back from a long break. Also it likes to just throw you into current story stuff without asking you. Talk about confusing as hell to a new player. Its pretty fun after untangling the mess though.
The lack of direction story wise made me quit. I would have liked to play a line of missions to understand all of the stuff going on but it’s just “Raise your level” doing random stuff.
500K enemies defeated? Those are rookie numbers. Tell your buddy to talk to me when he reaches 1.1M
14:06 Check out Warframes Railjack its pretty dope
Because I did not play the game for 12 months after the Bungie Activision split I lost everything. Base game purchase + first DLC + some in game currency items + player progression all lost forever. They literally stole my money. Never playing this again.
Went arby n the chief mode for a few minutes there
as one who helps new lights sometimes it is really hard to get someone into the game hopefully with the update in febuary alot of these issue will be fixed as it is a known issue and has been for awhile FOMO is still a real problem with this game but hopefully it's something that they will address
Hilarious video Acting Male 😂
I hate that I had to pay 69,99 for a game that is now free
you folded. This is a game which takes content out that you paid for and then makes you repay for it 4 years later. Destiny is bullshit
I've only started playing right before witch queen. Wished I could play the main campaigns.
14:17 someone hasn't gotten phalanxed yet.
When you have literally everything required to even have fun in Destiny 2 in the first place it's quite fun obviously. And we get to keep all the content now like a normal game since they've stopped vaulting content. So overall, I like it myself. But I am still curious of what are they going to do about the stuff that was vaulted? Are they going to bring it back but very with compressed data? Or is it still just a "You should have just been there" kind of deal?
Where are you, and I am so sorry I cannot shoot, I cannot loot  tonight 😂 that’s some funny shit 😂
Act Man we need the Anime Man to come back to review Cyberpunk Edgerunners!
You did the Big Bang Theory Spock thing with Zevalla. Classic. XD
Destiny has been a fundamentally flawed series from the beginning. The first game burned us all and I gave up on it after a few months, then I decided to give D2 a chance and we were burned again by a game just completely failing to live up to its potential. But I still stuck around long enough to try Forsaken. Finally, the amount of confusing systems and miscellaneous collectibles and currencies and resources needed to just unlock missions or unlock some other currency that you needed to farm to unlock a piece of a quest that would lead to another blah blah blah.  Too much. Flawed game design, always. Everyone still playing has stuck around because Destiny's shooting feels so good. It's why I stayed with it and wanted the story and world building, the RPG mechanics, the PvP to all improve. And it never could. I think the only way I could ever come back to this series is if Destiny 3 is an INCREDIBLY different game in general. Keep that shooting, but change basically everything else. I want a simple sci-fi RPG where I can fly to all kinds of cool locations and do interesting quests for interesting rewards. It shouldn't be as complicated as it is in this game.
I love this game and I fucking hate it all at the same time.
I got tbagged years ago by a guy named Brutal. It was 6v6 casual, and in the process of bagging me, he got clobbered by another teammate. He did that 4 times in the match, just, bagging without looking left or right for danger. So amused by this weird toxicity and feeling a bit vindictive, I inspected his clan and the excerpt they wrote to describe themselves was all about being positive, friendly, and inviting. I messaged the moderator of my experience, kinda laughing about it in retrospect. That lead to me joining and inviting all my friends to this clan discord, finding out they invited Brutal as an experiment cause he was mad the clan folks queued as a party of 6 in casual pvp, and he accepted a clan invite and lasted 3 days before he left, never speaking a word and unaware of the joke. Fast forward to today, and now we all do blind day 1 raids, Grandmaster nightfalls, and even sweaty Trials. I still feel like every gripe about D2 is completely valid between marketing and lack of in game clairvoyance. But I also got to take a week long vacation IRL with 10 of these folks all living across the States because of this game. Such a weird, truly bizarre day in age I can experience something like that. And all this wholesomeness began with Brutal dipping his nuts in my dead guardian's mouth. Anyway, that's my review, go buy some Raycon's from The Act Man for 15% off your order! Check the link in the pinned comment above!
played it for an hour, too easy, no motivation for progression. Lame and uninteresting writing, don't know what I'm doing. deleted.
I've never found a game that checks as many gaming boxes as Destiny.  Story? Check, kind of Deep Lore? Check Character customization? Double check Scalable quests? Check Beautiful environments? Check Good characters? Check My issue is the pay to win creep and the time investment required to be even slightly competitive.
6:15
play Warframe
The one problem with your Zavala impression...      *He should be wanting that Cabussy*
yeah act man, your vid on "why destiny 1 is so bad" is completely tarded. You made it YEARS after the game made huge improvements and expansions without mentioning not a SINGLE POSITIVE. go back and play it and enjoy   D2 is ok. not great, but ok.  D1 supremacy
To me, a person who has never played destiny, it looks like overdetailed vomit 🤮
THAT ZAVALA COVER OF "I MISS YOU" BROKE ME HARD XD
Destiny isn't my favorite game because it's great and amazing. It's because every other triple A game I play that comes out turns out to be worse.
Every new video Act Man posts is the equivalent of an exotic every time you open up Destiny 2
From someone that played from vanilla Destiny 2 up to the Witch Queen, it's a totally different game than it was.  --Weapon Crafting --Armor 2.0  --Weapon Loadouts  --Dungeons --Certain weapons have Origin Perks --Void, Arc & Solar 3.0 subclasses --Darkness subclasses (Stasis from Beyond Light and Strand coming in Lightfall) --Better narrative --A lore tab in the game --Titles and seals --No more Content Vaulting --LFG coming in Lightfall --A new weapon archetype, Glaive --Transmog --Exotic Weapon Catalyst --Infinite primary ammo --Seasonal ranks and pass rewards --Seasonal artifacts
As someone who recently got back into the game as well I fully agree with all your points here. Great vid. My biggest annoyances were having to learn everything again, being confused, having to learn how to play the game again and then wishing for friends. However, once I got all that settled I will say the core game is better then ever. There is just so much cool content to try out and unlikek HALO infinite the game is truly constantly changing with a roadmap that can be trusted.
Quit smoking yet?
Bungie are fixing the new game new light experience soon
Could you check out Warframe? It’s Destiny but Third person and WAY more interesting in my opinion (The New War quest in particular is 10/10) but it also suffers from a okay to bad new player experience. But pushing through it and reaching the quest “The Second Dream” will hook you like a cat on catnip.
Nows not the time we did a fucking crossover with Fortnite
I did not expect to hear The Act Man ever say Savathussy
the new player experience is awful, but if you can get past that, the game is so much fun with friends. hopefully bungie will fix the "New Light" experience sooner rather than later.
The single best use of a zavala action figure in the fanbase.  Still better than what exo strangers figure got.
Acting male looks pretty good with a tan
Oh Yes destiny 2, 2 years and 1.3khours of hardcore exploiting of game engine and mechanics xD
Act man? More like…Act Tan 😍
Forget the Femboys Besties video. I really want to know about the Futanari Jigsaw Puzzle you got there bud. Obviously for research purposes ok, I mean come on we got to know what is up with that.
Someone’s sponser that’s actually entertaining that’s rare
I had the same exact experience with destiny 2, played it at forsaken and then came back 2 weeks ago and you basically said everything I felt
this video sums up my experience with any MMO
I just installed this game after 2 years a few days ago and now you drop this. Are we meant to be?
Is that Turok music I hear?!   I miss Cayde 6..... Why couldn't they have killed off Zavala or Ikora instead.
Super happy you're coming back to Destiny 2 ❤️  Destiny as a franchise helped me when I had depression in 9th grade. I had been bullied to hell and back which reflected on my grades, which led my parents to cutting off my gaming... Then my only friend moved which sucked... I've thought many times of taking my own life during these times.  But Destiny lifted me up so much. Made more friends, did raids with the bois, had a traditional private crucible match after raid sessions, it's such a great uplift for me.   Despite, the amount of hate the game gets or how critical lots of people and even I can be towards the game and the game developers, honestly, this game still will always be in my heart.
I'd agree when restarting it's horrible but once you hit master and GM rank it's fucking fun. Although depending on your knowledge of gathering specific meta weapons you may still hate it.   Lfg for days. Legendary campaign is perfect.  Good game 👏
Having played Destiny for about 8 years, its 100% best played with friends and having someone that knows what activities to do is very much required to prevent getting overwhelmed. There is so much to do but the new light experience is such a jumbled mess. If anyone wants to get into Destiny I'd definitely recommend going into LFGs or forums to find a friend group to go through it
I love how Zavala’s voice is the most easily impressionable voice anyone can do.  I also love the Arby n the Chief-esque style throughout the video.
Destiny is a great game, but god... is the new player experience awful.
For me or any destiny 2 player to explain all of this, it would be a 2-3 hour class. you bring a notepad and a pen?
i quit playing after i finished the red war because at that time there wasn't shit to do, I only came back like a week before beyond light because the stranger and funny haha ice magic
Lol so it looks like you took my advice😂
This video dropped right as the game finished installing having finally given into my freinds telling me to play it. May aswell use this as a jump in point I suppose.
When I saw he was on 3060, I started chatting: one of us, one of us, one...  Even though he admitted he takes shower from time to time.
I’ve been playing for 6 years or so and it’s fun now but i don’t like the way they drip micro story beats every week and lock out seasonal progression for weeks.
It seemed like you really enjoyed Grasp of Avarice there. The dungeons in this game have always been fun to play.  Also please upload the footage of you getting killed by the funny traps PLEASE.
I stepped into Destiny2 with a friend and it is a fun game, but I agree all the of menus are inundating and confusing. And because Bungie seems to like deleting older content I have zero fucking clue what the story is about.
I could watch a whole web series of AM’s Zavala.
But have you played mass effect?
I really do hope you come back to D2; its a game that I can take a break, but can never get away from it for an extended period of time because of not just how addicting, but also fun as a whole.   From RPG builds, to the story/lore improving exponencially since vanilla, still is the best FPS gameplay on the marekt still, to aiding in my friends. D2 has come a long way from it’s release. Yeah there are problems with the New Light experience, but I know that overtime will be getting better and in Lightfall will be bringing Guardian Accomidations (I think its’s called) to make it better. I hope you come back for D2 for Ligthfall.  P.s. that Zavala impersonating was very good lol.
Guardian, you clearly aren't shooting enough Aliens bent on the total destruction of Humanity
Was kinda hooked on D2 when it first came out until shadowkeep, where i left for a year or two. I come back and see that the shit i went through is no longer in the game and anything i have done or were to do from that point until beyond light feels disjointed story-wise and item-wise. At one point i was maddened by the idea that i will never have those exotics i was missing prior to beyond light until the end of time, and decided to stop playing D2 for my own sanity.
Destiny 2 sucks ass. I stopped playing it when the Red Keep or whatever it's called came out. The game never gets better...only worse.
Act man. Some advice: the exotic you’re using, cuirass of the falling star only works on arc with thunder crash equipped. It causes thundercrash to do very high damage and is one of the better exotics in the game. Just use arc instead of solar while you have it on.
How proud I am, of how Witch Queen turned out.
been playing d2 since the beta and obviously I enjoyed it as I stayed for 5 years and that's excluding d1 it's been rocky to say the least d2 y1 was horrid, d2 y2 was the best it's ever been d2 y3 was all over the place with quality, d2 y4 was alright much better than y3 and d2 y5 has been good so far and the raid for witch queen is great
"I shoot, therefore I am"  Killed me
This game is not beginner friendly, but once you get through that hurdle. Oh boy can you not put it down
Lol that's why we have YouTube creators.
Savathu'un's savathu'ussy
Yeah definitely more enjoyable and less buggy the only dungeon I encountered a ton of bugs in duality try that dungeon you will see bugs galore mainly in the last encounter
I can't imagine being a new player to Destiny. I am a seasoned player with over 600 hours in-game, and even I am confused 90% of the time.
Where do i even start , ill pass
D2 now makes me want Curse and Warmind back
I think you can upgrade your armour's/weapon's power level by infusing it with another armour/weapon of higher power level + legendary shards? I feel like I remember doing that when I returned to destiny 2 (although not really playing it nowadays lmao)
I started destiny 2 for first time about a month ago. Only got hr or so in & OMG😮 is this games UI messy. For a new player i hadn’t got a clue 🕵🏻‍♂️ what to do and how to do things. I just stopped playing
Been playing destiny since it came out in 2014. I’ve had to cut my ties with it.
Am I gonna start seeing act man show up in zanny destiny vids?
The only thing that kept me playing destiny since the beginning was its raids, hands down the most unique and fun aspect of the game and I'm glad destiny will finally have an ingame LFG next expansion so hopefully more people can try them out
Even as someone who played up to shadowkeep my fucking god man it's just horrible to get back into as someone who already knows what the fuck is going on and how to generally play the game and who has a majority of the exotics and starting from a clean save Jesus Christ that's worse now there is a lot of shit you can do completely free to play but if you don't have friends who are still actively playing it or people who are joining in with you who are just as dedicated as you most of that shit you can't play,  It's not fun to drop yourself into and if you are a new player there is a pretty substantial paywall of shit you will need to buy at some point even if you're the most dedicated player that has ever walked this Earth, and there's nothing worse than having to leave a party because you don't have the DLC that the people you're playing with or your friends want to play now that's just a fact of playing but my goddamn there is a high wall and for new players it's not the easiest thing to drop into and it doesn't sort quests by what makes sense for new players and marking those out for you to do as a new light it's not like taking steps it's like rock climbing to be more accurate free soloing with how they currently have it designed.
I don’t normally care for sponsorships but this one reminds me of a Robot Chicken skit and I appreciate that…
What you honestly need is a good friend 😂 I showed my friends how to play and the weekly routine the needed to follow to keep up with the power grind, after months they all eventually got it, but it was a long few months full of the same questions 😅 definitely worth getting into though.
I WANT MY QUIRKED UP WHITE BOY BACK
first sponsorship segment i actually sat through lmao, i dont even like raycons lol
why would you do this
It's sad that Destiny 2 has gotten more content and stuff than Halo Infinite. Still not a fan of D2 though.
You want something to make you wanna quit destiny ask a friend that’s gone flawless to play with you on Sunday lol
You can try Team fortress 2. Yeah it has some issues but i really think the gameplay makes up for it.
Indeed
This video is so funny. Thanks for that
This is one of the games I regret playing the most. Absolute waste of time and completely unrewarding. I’ve been playing since launch and damn I’m glad to say I’m over It now
If Bungie ever makes a terrible game it will have always have two things going for it the music and the art/design the game.
I felt the same way last time I played and I spent so much time researching things. I downloaded apps. I made accounts on websites. Still barely knew what I was doing.
I stopped playing destiny 2 when they added a battlepass! I've tried going back but it's so different now that i just gave up and I'll wait for a sequel or the next new IP from bungie if ever 😅😅
i fucking hate it (hase 8 years of experience with all expansions)
The Zavala voice acting the whole video is incredible. The game still has very obvious issues but i think it’s the best it’s ever been in a sense.
THEY REMOVED RED WAR AND FORESAKEN CAMPAIGNS!!! I NEVER GOT TO FUCKING PLAY THOSE!!!! REEEEEEEEEE!!!!!
it's a known issue that the new light (new player) experience is overwhelming af, but once you've got Ikora's foot in the door, and the game opens up, and things start making sense, it's fuckin awesome. a lot of things have been completely redone, what would've been D3 systems such as reworked armor, reworked subclasses, reworked weapons have instead been put into D2, rendering old gear near obsolete and leaving returning players thinking "wtf?" but it's all for the better in the end. Build crafting and tackling endgame activities with friends in a gorgeous sci-fi fantasy fps is an experience no other game offers. The power fantasy is real and you feel like a space magic wielding badass. For players that have stuck with the game over the years, it's much easier to see how seriously it has blossomed into something beautiful, not perfect, always striving to improve, but fucking beautiful. Also the lore is ridiculously rich and deep and seeing all the different characters and events come together and evolve over time is so very rewarding. If they improve upon the new light experience and offer catch up tutorials/videos for mechanics and the story there's little I could criticize.
im in love with destiny 2, but 100% agree that if you haven't kept up with it, its an absolute nightmare to try to get back into. they need a ton of work on the new and returning player experience. the next expansion, lightfall is actually going to be fixing a lot of those issues, with a path of progression of sorts to introduce you to all of the systems and the game itself. sucks that we have to wait until february, but they are listening on that front and that's good IMO. I do hope that you continue to play because other than fortnite, its really one of the only properly successful live service games to come out.
I want to play destiny 2 and actually do raids because i feel like i havent done anything other than garden of salvation raid
More destiny content please.
I guess job not done at all is better than job done horrendously. New player experience is 99% non-existent. Took me a good 60-70 hours to get the hang of everything, even back in february 2020, when you had the red war campaign and everything made chronological sense.  Beyond light was a 3/10 release imo. Cool space ice i guess. My midnight coup and kindled orchid fucking gone however. Witch queen was a very good 8.5/10 for me. Glaives arent bad, but they aint good either (theyre about to be). Lightfall seems like its gonna be even better. Regardless of how good or bad a DLC was, the lore was and always will be top tier. I dont doubt bungie writers one bit.  I see some people still complaining about armor transmog. I find it just fine since I WONT TRANSMOG MORE THAN 10 PIECES OF ARMOR EVERY GOD DAMN DAY. There is a limit of 10 pieces per season in case youre wondering why am i yelling at the top 0.0000000000000000001% of players.  Light subclasses 3.0 are amazing.  17:55 Bungie is trying to eliminate the INCREDIBLY long pinnacle cap grind with this. Big step forward with that chest. You can also call it a starter kit for newbs. 1 exotic weapon 1 exotic armor and then some ok legendaries. Im an average player in terms of how i do things in game (grind tactics and all that) so, couple that with sus RNG and it took me 3 whole ass months to reach max weapon/armor light level (pinnacle/hard cap). And that was after like 2 months of trying to reach the powerful cap, which is 10 power bellow hard cap. AAAAAAALL that work for pretty much nothing.   Overall, Destiny 2 is a good 7.5/10 game for me. It does some things very well (storytelling and lore), some other things  pretty good (gunplay, abilities and all that), and doesnt even do some things at all (new player experience).   2.8k hours in and its the game i hate the most, after league. Yet i keep playing it day after day and i love it. Dont ask me why. *addiction moment*
I've been playing Destiny 2 since Forsaken and the game has most definitely only gotten better with time.  I saw you had some issues and misunderstandings so I'll address those.  1) power level doesn't matter until doing end game stuff on Legend/Master. You didn't skip half the game by grabbing high power level stuff. You fast tracked your progress to the end game.  2) I know the game is overwhelming, Bungie knows the game is overwhelming. So some advice,  just do bite sized chunks of content. Take your time.  3) Find a good team to go raiding with. Start with Deep Stone Crypt, great raid with easy mechanics
It is unfortunate he did not give Kings Fall a go and experience the almighty wall of dicks.  maybe next time.
Halo infinite was so bad that it made me play Destiny 2 and Mass Effect for the first time.
As a Destiny veteran I say this is a Flawless video. Do more. And in the mean time my name has been my name is.....
Peak destiny is taken king, king's fall, wrath of the machine, leviathan, witch queen and riven
great video dude.. i dont like like ear buds so yeah...
I wouldn’t say it’s a bad game but there’s just too much. I hadn’t played it since I beat the main story and now I have no idea wtf is going on. I try to do raids n shit with friends but they spend so much time just prepping for it only to take 6 hours to complete a raid. Also idk if it’s just me but the $40 DLCs are ridiculous. I don’t care how much content there is.. $40 is a lot for a dlc when I already paid full price for the game at launch. Where’s my refund now that it’s “free”? Also the game rlly seems like it’s just a grind fest. I really wish I could get into it but I think it’s too late
Just look stuff up, there is no specific thing to be doing, just grind power level lol. HOW??? Did you ask how? That's easy! Just give your soul to Cthulhu and let him mind fuck you while destiny 2 and you'll spontaneously be max level after a week of crucible.
As someone with 10k hours in the game and half of it is in pvp and some raids. I needed to see this because I just laughed the whole time.
The new user/blueberry experience  is bad and that is a known problem since..I don’t know or remember! It is definitely something that needs to be called out and Bungie needs to address where there are rumblings that Bungie  is toying with a complete revamp or getting rid of “light level” all together.   Being able to jump into (most) PVP at hour 0 is a good thing. A new player at hour 0 can only do a few PVE things and that is a big problem.
Been playing D2 since launch, I found this to be a great video! It was suprising seeing how many changes I take for granted, as I had them come slowly, but I’m glad you had some fun! Great video!
so I do like it but I just can't keep spending money on it you know
They're the only studio still trying to do the "Ten year plan" model and four in you already need a degree in Guardian studies to understand what's going on. The reason I never went back to this game is the same reason I don't watch shows were people say "it really finds it's legs in season 3".
As a regular Destiny player I really appreciate this video lol
I adore this game, but it's so much to learn and get into at first. It's the price of being an MMO, but they can definitely do better. Once you understand, game is a really enjoyable time sink. But you GOT to have friends. Stopped playing last year until WQ, finished WQ, didn't play again until a little over a month ago when 7 other friends were also wanting back in. Having a blast doing endgame stuff with them, but some are returning from even longer breaks & I've had to be their guide in that process.
Day 2 of me asking the Pretending Pedestrian to review the older, better Battlefields.
The Zavala sponsor is probably the best done sponsor I've seen so far.
not sure if someone told you shit in comments yet, but at 11:09 you can get those old pieces of armor and guns with the new armor system if you go into your collection and craft the updated versions indicated by the symbols on the top left of the image. they may be low in stat value but they are way better than before.
literally the worst time to return
Better than halo infinite
I wasn't expecting something as cultured and beautiful as Femboy Besties to be in this video. Act Man truly is a man of the people.
if you are not shooting you are not having fun, that sounds so bad.
Every negative Act Man says, is like a checklist of things this other game WARFRAME has done better. -Who am i -who am i fighting -what missions do i do -what am i suppose to do -tutorials -mission maps that locks you from jumping ahead untill you follow the guidelines in game -play whit friends and straingers are super easy -no paid DLC -different types of missions, stealth included. -space battles in your own spaceship -you can move your spaceship during load meny. -you can color customize freely every single characters, weapon, arrows to your powers, add ons, robot, dog, cat, spaceship, clan dojo. -you can create your own logo in the game so that your clan members can wear it. And your dog. -awzome cinematics, and in game cutscenes. -if you need a quick awnser, Open the world chat and someone will tell you something. In game.  Basically WARFRAME does so much like Destiny 2 but better, if you are making it simple. Warframe is third person, and Destiny 2 is first person.   Oh, and WARFRAME is Free ro Play. So it will not cost you money to start it.
It's just shitty Warframe at this point
Welcome back to Destiny.  It would be really cool to see you try your hand at raiding. Positively the best activities in D2. 👌
Not the =3 transition 😂
Epic video. Period.
Yeah Destiny has this weird issue with the capture method, you just have to do window capture and change the capture method to capture windows 10 or something. I think it has something to do with their anticheat client
Destiny 2 does honestly kinda slap right now. Especially raiding that’s imo the best content to play in destiny especially with the right people. And LFG raiding can be the funniest shit ever as long as u get lucky with ur teams it can borderline be like an old MW2 lobby with how hectic it is it’s so much fun.
Yo! My dude just came back to Destiny 2 with my brother. Great to hear someone else is trying it again.
what you need, are a bunch of moronic, experienced guardians who will take you through it. before you know it you'll be raiding and killing your teammates in jumping games <3 (also, an updated new player experience has been announced! (also, from a lore nerd; the moth people were early concept art for what eventually became the hive. the moth people were always there)
So bungie made a deal with the devil to make the game relatively bug free, Trade all gameplay bugs for Telesto bugs. That gun breaks the game all the time. it was disabled at one point and RE ENABLED ITSELF VIA A BUG! Telesto is the 8th wonder of the world tbh.  Destiny is like Warframe in the sense of how new players experience it. If you play alone you'll have no fucking idea whats going on or how to navigate its many systems but if you have an experienced friend to act as a guide its much more enjoyable and accessible. Once you learn the game its much more manageable to play solo. I play story missions alone, pvp usually, and i do general grinding alone. But raiding, farming, completing challenges, and dungeons are all things i usually get people together for. The Loot Cave is a dungeon btw. If you like that you'd enjoy the other dungeons. The Shattered Throne was the first, being introduced with Forsaken and the Dreaming City. Pit of Heresy is another, that was introduced with Shadowkeep. The Prophecy is probably the most visually stunning out of them all. People love that dungeon and for good reason, its incredibly wild. The other dungeon just introduced with last season is Duality.   The gear in the H.E.L.M is like a "catch up" set. It cant overlevel you for the legendary witch queen campaign because the legendary campaign has a mechanic thats used for day one raids: Contest mode. You are locked under level by like 10 levels i think. it can get you close to current level tho.  Bright Engrams are not gone, they're given out in the battle pass and are a reward past level 100 for every 5 levels achieved. They are however not the only way of getting eververse shit for free. Bright Dust is the free store currency given out in the battle pass and as a reward for completing seasonal challenges.  The point at which you really understand the game is probably when you get into build crafting because theres a deceptively large amount of depth to build crafting. If you visit Ada every day you can pick up the mods she sells. The "Combat Style" mods are really where its at. Understanding how charged with light and elemental wells work is the first step in creating builds where your abilities are almost never on cooldown, you can demolish champions in seconds, and you're unkillable.   To give you an example i have a Stasis build for Titans i call "I AM THE FUCKING WALL!". I use the Hoarfrost-Z exotic chest which turns my titan barricade into a wall of stasis crystals and i have the subclass set up with a glacier grenade and all my fragments and aspects help with ability regen and survivability. Being near crystals increases ability regen and breaking crystals spawns shards that refill my melee and either give me overshield or start health regen. On top of that being near crystals gives me a damage reduction. My mods are set up so Stasis Shards count as Elemental wells (Elemental Shards is the mod. Wells refill ability energy.) but i also have a mod that boosts that effect essentially (Well of Restoration}. On top of that, picking up elemental wells makes me Charged With Light, picking up a well matching my subclass gives me 2 stacks (Elemental Charge) and combined with the mod Firepower being Charged with light when i use my grenade i get half of it back, consuming 1 stack of charged with light. I also have Utility Kickstart x2 which gives me a bit of my barricade charge back when i use my barricade. On top of all this i have 100 Resilience and 100 Discipline which gives me the lowest possible cooldown on my barricade and grenade respectively. Once you can understand what all of what i just said means and how to do this stuff yourself, you've basically mastered a good portion of the game.   Also good news, Bungie went on record saying they will not be vaulting anymore yearly expansions. Seasonal content will go away after the year is up but none of that gear gets sunset or anything. You just wont be able to do those seasonal activities or stories. The way they do seasons is they section off parts of the H.E.L.M and dedicate it to the Season. They got 4 spots for 4 seasons  I can answer almost any questions about the lore btw, hit me up.
Destiny has it’s problems that I’ll always agree with. But it’s still so fun to play and, to quote Skillup, what are we going to do? Play something else?! Lol
welcome act man :)
Im playing it too, at first it was super overwhelming, but thx to my friends, the game is now somewhat understandable.
3:02 Haven't seen that transition in like 10 years.
wee neeed some money to buy some dlc if u dont buy eeeeem u dont get fuuuun XD
Vaulting and the sunsetting of weapons were the reasons I quit..a friend of mine keeps wanting me to go back but nah..
YESSSSS
Man, the Zavala bits really dragged the video down
Once they made me feel like I lost money I never got back into the game and im not buying all the dlc again on pc 😂 so games 100% dead to me
What do you think about the PvP modes? Also, I loved the Zavala impression😂
Gears of war review?
When is the RDR2 review coming out?
For me it's an love-hate relationship 😆. I can't with it but I sure can't without it. Since Forsaken I played it as my main game .... 2.800 hours so far and I'm gonna add waaaay more
The problems you have with onboarding have airways been an issue. But once you catch up its a really fun game
I would play D2 again, but I don't have the DLC... _aaaaand_ I don't really feel like shelling out the money if I wont play it.
honestly at this stage I find the lore so convoluted I can't be bothered to invest the time needed to get in to it
Paper mario thousand year door vid plz
when you complained that one mission was just walking somewhere then going to talk to ikora you missed the why you were doing it. when you do that every mission on every single game is pointless walking and shooting.
This whole video has literally been my experience with Destiny 2 ever since 343 dropped the bombs.
I've never gotten Destiny. It doesn't feel like a Bungie game
Yeah I think Destiny Reddit said it best. This game is incredibly unfriendly to new and returning players. It's basically mandatory to watch Destiny youtubers and deep dive in the internet to find out  how everything in the game works if you haven't been following the development and playing at least a little every season.
The story for Destiny 2 is terribly presented to new players. HERE'S A SIMPLE RECAP OF THE STORY.  You're literally master chiefs step bro, and after waking up from your midday nap you discover your the chosen one and you have a craving for alien murder. Humanity is basically on it's last legs after going to big red planet and playing with a beach ball that gives powers. After humanity plays with the beach ball other aliens come to our solar system as their jelly the magic ball chose us and not their four armed nerd species. This also includes at least four other alien armies that decided to collectively kick our skulls in at around the same time of something called the collapse.  While humanity goes through a unga bunga cave man era, warlords are stealing stuff, and necromancer immortals start popping up in the bodies of robots with feelings. Eventually unga bunga time is over, humanity makes contact with a purple British human empire of a queen led people from space.  Now that humanity is mostly collected, we got a twitter user called The Witness who's seen too much twitter furry feet art and he wants to destroy everything. He's also a politician and he tricks an entire race of clam people to forsake their cancer and adapt to cringe, therefore becoming the witnesses servants.  Time skip: Big Russian robot hates aliens and wants to protect humanity, but humanity hates big robot because Russian bad. The chosen one goes to save big robot on red planet since there's a Alaskan bull worm there and its a god of the clam people. End story, mostly everybody used glitches to beat it in high ranked strikes.  Time skip: There's this warlock who's king of the nerds and he's a gay lover of this other dude who's a Russian robot, no this is a different Russian robot. Anyways, Nerd king gets lost, his lover is dead and we fix both problems by finding him and using funky wunky magic to go back in time and telling russian robot that dying is not gay. He now doesn't die.  Time skip: Queen of the purple British people has lost control of her prison known as England and she needs us to stop the four armed nerds inside who don't wanna pay taxes. The queen's step bro shoots our most valuable clown and single handily angers a powerful group of necromancers and assures his death within 24 hours of the DLCs release.   Time skip: Years of nothing  Time skip: Big moth mommy is one of three leaders of the clam people and Zavalla marries a Rhino lady to make an alliance to fight moth mommy.
Act Man's Zavala voice had me in tears
4:42 To Skip Sponsor
I’ve enjoyed Destiny 2 for a while, but unfortunately when my friends decided to give it a try they quit pretty quickly cause they didn’t know what to do whenever I wasn’t around to show them where to go.
Destiny 2 Launch: Good Destiny 2 Forsaken: Awesome Destiny 2 Shadowkeep: Still good but not much new. Destiny 2 Beyond Light and Witch Queen: Broken Dog Shit that I wouldn’t have my worst enemy digest.
Honestly the only reason I still play this game is fomo
This guy should return to sea of thieves 4 years later
bungie makes the best shooters 343 should take notes.
Destiny 2 is really great for people who have been in that ecosystem for a while. Although, admittedly it’s extremely obtuse and confusing for new/returning players. The new/returning player experience is being overhauled when the next expansion, Light Fall comes out.   It’s a really great game and Bungie consistently puts out a lot of high quality content. If you’re thinking about getting into the game, just wait until the next expansion.
As a Warlock who lives and dies by this game, I'm eager to see your reaction to Gambit.
I started playing Destiny 2 in the Shadow keep expansion and have since sunk almost 3k hours into this game. It is the worst best game I have ever played. Act dude is pretty spot on with his review here, the game is good and fun, but it's held back by having a terrible new player experience, basically needing every expansion to get a full experience and generally difficult to follow stories. The fact that he didn't understand that the 1540 gear that he grabbed at the beginning was actually intended to help new players catch up to their friends speaks volumes to how borked the new player experience is.
Funny, I had the exact same experience last night. Went back since I bought all the expansions a while ago, got confused, and ended up uninstalling lol.  Too bad, because you are right, there is a good game somewhere, I just couldnt be bothered to keep looking lol.   Maybe some day
This is literally to reason I started my YouTube channel. The new/returning player experience is so poor. My brother in law started playing a couple months ago and had so many questions that I decided to start a full channel around it 😂 the game is so good but completely lacks tutorials for fundamental parts of the game.
have you tried warframe?
So glad to see Act man making dope video games videos again :) The drama has ended and back to the best of times. Good work bro and massive respect.
hey man been playing since 2014 its crazy to see how much this game evolved even though its really hard to recommend someone and say you gotta buy like 4 expansions to actually play the cool stuff, glad you gave another try though
As a long time Destiny player, I can 100% agree. The New Light experience leaves a lot to be desired. But I’m glad you had a good time overall, when you get to end game it gets a lot better too. As you said it’s either easy or hard as hell lol. But the challenging endgame is what keeps me hooked. Having an awesome clan goes a LONG way as well.
pls do vow of disciple :D
Exactly how I felt when I tried to get into this. How does this work? Where do I go? I uninstalled it after 15 hours.
Complains that there isn't enough tutorials to help him through the 4 years of content that he's missed out on. Then proceeds to complain about the tutorials that he IS given...
Hate to mention this, but I stop playing this crap when they shoved BLM messages before I could touch the main menu, telling me to take 8 mins to do something for a dead wife beater.
Act man, I'm a long time guardian. I've been actively playing more or less since you stopped. Let me tell you... just run... the new light/returning guardian experience is BAD. Unless you're willing to join a few discords, watch lots of tutorials and guides, and be willing to put in probably 40ish hours JUST to be able to be at the level that's considered the start of the REAL destiny experience, you're gonna have a hard time. Trying to figure out build crafting, your class and subclasses play style, AND the individual systems and mechanics in play for each mode/dungeon by yourself is needlessly complicated. Shits harsh dog. I want so badly to bring my friends into the light of the traveler, yet trying to bring them up to a point where we can do higher level content is like pulling teeth.
It’s been over 4 years since I played Destiny 2 I know I’ll feel lost, but it’s probably fun
I was hoping the act man would come back to D2, hope he really enjoys the current content
Wait so is he getting paid for these videos? Unless YouTube gave him his right to make money again. He can’t be making these videos without getting paid.. 🤔              (not including sponsors etc I know)
They are planning on having a completely refreshed new player experience starting with the next major expansion, it is definitely one of the main things that is wrong with the game at the moment
Bruh I have yet to see Dragon Ball, not cool.
Agreed the new user experience is horrendous. my friend who has played since day 1 just says to read everything but truth is there is no clear roadmap what you should do, how mods work, how other in game systems work, how best to optimize levelling etc. if tey removed the new light campaign and created an actual roadmap with in game mp4 tutorials for how things work the game would benefit so much. honestly destiny 2 has the best gunplay in any shooter on the market and one of the most addictive gameplay loops around. however i don't recommend it for people with a life and responsibilities.
Act man is making me revisit this game again.
It's like Warframe, they think that the shitty new game experience, is fun for new games, that having to play with the wiki open, is a top tier experience.
Safiyah is gonna be mad at vavala after this video.
LOL why would I ever play a game that purposefully removed the majority of its content so I can no longer experience it?
Are you stupid? Literally says circle to dismiss
Try out insurgency sandstorm.
As a longtime player and someone who used to play solo/ D2 at the point it’s at rn almost demands having a legacy player to help new players out, my little brother was completely in the same boat as you until I walked him through hours of content and even then it’s rough/ that and the current means of obtaining rerolled exotics and mods is the only real problem with the game at least for me. All I would add is the the narrative team at bungie is unrivaled nowadays as the storyline since beyond light has never faltered. Also for anyone needing help understanding many of Destiny’s complexities I would highly recommend YouTubers Datto (for gameplay) and My Name is Byf (for story) also if plugging other YouTubers isn’t good Act Man my bad lol
Just watch I Hate Everything videos
ill be waiting for femboy besties,
Honestly the game is in a great state, tons to do and lots of awesome guns.
A good tip check out "my name is byf" also "plunderthabooty" one for lore and the other for builds and checkout DIM it just adds on to the destiny experience
Comment
You should try out subnautica, it's a great single player game with an aging story
Yeh Destiny is basically FOMO the game. I remember how jarring it was hopping back in and having to refigure things out. Honestly I think the best thing Destiny could do is take cues from MCC and Warframe, and on the next release include all legacy content retuned in one package and build from there. With more explanations and better UI. That way everyone knows where they're at and where to go. It's wishful thinking, but in an ideal world that's how it would go. Just keep up with it til light fall and do a review on that. And bring Zavala back after he recovers from the Savthussy withdrawals lmao
The Fairy Tale "WOW" is greatly appreciated
I’ve been playing Destiny since the Destiny 1 beta. I’m aware of the all the changes that have been made and have seen content get added and vaulted. There’s a lot of the big story narrative that can get missed by new players (new lights) since a lot of that stuff has been vaulted. I love this game and seeing your perspective as someone coming back and commenting how the new user experience is terrible since the game does not communicate very what you need to do. Even when a new season starts I prefer to just watch a YouTube video for the cliff notes version on the normal gameplay loop. Long story short, I agree with everything you said in this video and I still love this game. Help me…
I really liked this game but I’m so behind on everything and don’t know what to do.
I just want to say that their is a place called quagmire in destiny, giggity
one of the bigger Destiny 2 Youtubers called Sweatcicle made a video a while back where he made a new account and reviewed the new player/free-to-play experience and his takeaway was somewhat similar to yours, and a lot of other players. It's EXTREMELY fun, but by GOD it is AWFUL at explaining how the fuck to play.
Yeah, coming back to this game is a bad experience.  Stuff is just missing, 30 intro quests, a new one every time you log in... it's just shitty
Okay. Got me, Ad was excellent
The cool transition sound gave me Vietnam flashbacks of early youtube...
I knew this day was coming when I saw you playing, so if you're up to it, I formally challenge you to a sparrow race on rainbow road Acting Male
I still remember talking sh*t about destiny 2 on release to a friend and asking why he enjoyed it Then forsaken came out and you could get the base game for free for a week Now i'm cripplingly addicted to this game i once swore i would never play
Destiny 2 🤢🤮 Halo  😃👍
You should ask Zanny to play Kings fall raid with you lol
playing this game is just as bad as being in an abusive relationship
I just came back after 3 years and was in the same boat.  Been a month and I still don't think I understand everything.  Only real downside at this point is all the stuff lost to time gating but I guess that's how they keep the player base addicted.
Destiny is a party game, just like Halo used to be. Grab some friends, shoot some aliens, get some gear.
I quit D2 last season. It’s nice to play other stuff. Not going back
The game is the definition of reversed sadism😂
Uh oh… he gotta deal with the dreaded new player experience
Funny how the most entertaining Destiny video is from someone just trying to play it.   I play this game a lot and I can tell... the new user experience is terrible and I really wish they'd improve it cause I want more of my friends to play it
Destiny is an addiction good and bad. It's a fun game but it's also bad for all the micros and fomo. If you can manage playing a few hours a week you'll be fine and be able to play other games.
I haven't played the game since launch but when witch queen came out I dove back in and I've loved it ever since even though to this day I still have no clue what's going on XD. The game is just chill and easy to hop on after a long day at work and it never turns into a sweat fest like halo. So even though I barley know whats going on im still going to enjoy just killing holds of enemies with people and trying new guns and armor.
I would say to any new lights or curious people to play the game once lightfall comes in. LFG will be available, There will be a tutorial of the game built in for everything, and loadouts. Honestly, once LFG comes out, people will be able to play and hopefully I can teach some of ya'll some raids. The new players experience is honestly going to get much better.
It’s ok, just not much to do unless you buy the expansions
I'll wait for witch queen to be free I'm not falling for that trap card again
I felt the same way when I came back. But I knew it'd be overwhelming going in. Been that way since Destiny 1 and I've been in and out from then till current.  The Lore is really cool with a lot of sick stories and the current storyline is there but I can't get what I missed. Thankfully, DestinyTubers with the Lore got my back!
The Act Man: "asks people what they think about destiny 2"  Me who played destiny 2 until total burned-out: "middle finger rising from the grave"
I think you should try playing some of your games solo to see what it’s like for people like me who do t have friends…. I think you would start to dislike the games you play pretty fast
Bro brought up music and did not say anything about deep stone lullaby
The biggest flaw of destiny 2 is indeed the new/returning player experience. It's almost like learning a new language. However bungie did announce that they plan to fully revamp the new player experience in the incoming DLC, but in the meanwhile the wait's gonna be annoying
Good let halo go destiny is the future
I don’t think i ever expected to hear the word “Savathussy” in Zavala’s voice. No wonder we found him on Titan, dude has got an unquenchable thirst
I think I figured out why despite having a friend try to get me into it, and the gunplay being solid, theres TOO MUCH SH!T you can do at once with no clear direction and way way too many mechanics
Act Mam you GOTTA do a review and deep dive into the Paper Mario games. Every game after TTYD has just been disappointing.
if you need help, just let me know. I can help with just about anything in the game. The new player experience is complete garbage in this game, so it's kinda up to the community to help the new/returning players.
"I have no fucking clue what im doing" is the same sentiment I have whenever I'm doing story missions in destiny 2 aswell, especialy since I never got to play the dlc storylines and I play off-on every few months or half a year or so, nor did I play D1.
Halo Infinite is making me want to try Destiny 2 again
Act Man: I’m boycotting Halo due to broken promises.  Also Act Man: Let me just return to another franchise full of broken promises.   😅 Love you dude.
Bruh I just got back into this and I’m actually have fun for once.
Surprise Zavala Raycon endorsement for the win. 👍
So after your last Halo infinite video I gave D2 WQ a try and I actually really enjoy it. It's easy to boot up and just have fun blasting away at different enemy types. It's new user experience is pretty bad though. Hopefully that gets addressed in the next expansion.
1. Did Zavala just sell me Raycons? 2. I don’t really get all of the complaints about the new user experience. I kinda feel like this is intentional. This is 2022, and we have YouTube, and D2 lends itself to an incredible community of content creators. It also creates a small barrier between casual content, and the end game stuff which makes it so much more rewarding to complete. There is also something incredibly fun about getting into a LFG and figuring it out with a fireteam. Entertaining video, I hope you’re having fun with D2.
You have to be mad to start new characters now
As someone who's been playing this game since early 2020, I love the game and it's definately improved much more over time, as expected for a game series that's been going for as long as Destiny has. I will agree that the New Light experience does really really REALLY suck but the community knows about it already and most of us at more than willing to help the new people out to better understand the world while Bungie tunes the new system they will be putting into the game next year, which we can't wait for!  The more RNG aspects of the loot of the game do get pretty overwhelming sometimes, especially if you don't have hours and hours to learn the ins and outs of the game, but if you play the game with friends, it does take the load off a lot. I've gone through the game three times over, once solo and the rest with friends, and I can confidently say that getting the boys together to shoot some aliens in the face with space magic is a way better experience for sure.  The whole going from story to the raid being going from easy mode to YOU GONNA DIE BABY!! mode is not inaccurate but I don't think it's the fault of the game entirely since the game doesn't exactly ease players into each activity like it should... instead it let's just anyone go into any activity once you get past the first quarter of the New Light questline, which is a big downside. I do also wish that the New Light questline would do a much better job at teaching new people what to do and why they are here, despite the latter being handled better now than it used to
Destiny 2 is an mmo that doesn't offer anywhere near enough content to play daily as you would play a proper mmo. This is why its garbage and is not worth wasting time on.
I love Destiny 2. It's only gotten better and it's only getting better.
@0:50 wow, given what happened to G4, you laughing at the joke of foreskyn gaming is like, Hodor level Hail Mary plays.
Be honest… how held you at gun point to make this video.
To quote a steam review - “This game sucks, play it”
ugh. people need to give it up already bungie isnt the studio they used to be and destiny will never be the game people want it to be im so tired of hearing about this game that kicked off the trend of all of us getting unfinished games since 2014
Love how this video is: Act Man the boomer. Like it's actually funny as much as it is "the game literally tells you damn it!"
I started playing a few months ago after never having played since the first Destiny.  it's overwhelming and I had to give up.  The gameplay was fun when I could find fun things to do, but I had no clue where to go, what to do, what to focus on, how to equip or level up gear or anything.  Maybe my ADHD is worse than some other peoples', but it was constant unrelenting option paralysis. it ended up causing more anxiety than it generated in enjoyment, and my anxiety bar is already full 24/7/365.   Already full.  Don't need more.  The final straw for me was realizing that there is so little direction within the missions I was playing that I'd wind up somehow at the end of the mission not having triggered important events, and the game is trying to tell me to go to places I've already been.  Then I'd get there and the quest marker would move. I'd go to that place and now the quest marker is back where I just was.  I went in this endless loop of "WTF DO I DO NOW?" for like an hour.  Stuck in a maze of content with no way out. I did play long enough to charge up my Ultimate, which is called ALT-F4 / UNINSTALL.  It works really really well.  I'm sure that all of this makes sense to someone who has played from the beginning and that the problem is I'm missing things that the game assumes will be obvious to the player.  It sucks the entire sweaty ass because the actual "shoot things to have fun" part works.
Haha this is the new player experience to a tee. As someone who has played Warframe consistently since 2013 and who recently started Destiny 2, I was like "fuck, this is a mess". Bungie really needs to implement a mode to play the story in chronological order, the story seems cool but I'll probably never know since I've played it all out of order. Vaulting really killed any interest most new players will have in the story.
Probably the funniest Destiny 2 related video I've seen in a while. Looking forward for more!
as soon as i pick this game up IHE makes a video about witch queen as his first post in 7 months, and act man returns to it. Did I provoke something?
Those are all fair arguments but at the start I do want to say that about all of that how do u do stuff if u had made a new account then it gives u all of those tutorials but because u already had a old account they think u know wt ur doing and also u can turn tips off in ur settings
Can’t wait for you to get to Vow of the Disciple, after you get through all the new player stuff that is lol           Btw, ik it’s kind of in the past now, but Quantum TV is back on his shenanigans making videos about you and other creators, you gonna make a video on that?
Hey actman just want to tell you the 30 dollars thing you bought was a dungeons and the thing call dares of eternity was free to all players. All players were able to get all the halo guns with no problem.
Ayo, what song is playing at 19:40
9:55 😂😂😂😂😂
It’s in 1989 Sweden
I recently got back into destiny 2 after not playing for 3 years and it changed so much that I didn’t even recognize most of the game anymore
I feel like bungie actively made this a helluva free to play game!
I just watched the act man play with a blue man group reject action figure for 21 minutes. Amazing
Hey how bout reviewing generation zero?
Return to this dumpster fire? Why not give sea of thieves another chance
Hey man, if you ever want to learn the raids (all of them or even just a few) don’t be afraid to DM me. I’ve got a clan that runs teaching runs all the time. We can simplify the “hard shit” to make it look easy for you. We also do some of the more crazy things like 3-man raids, 2-man raid bosses, etc AND teach those too. That’s honestly what keeps me hooked. Constant goals and challenging myself to do some hard shit with the boys. One thing the whole entire community agrees on though is the new player experience is TERRIBLE. They plan to revamp it come next DLC early next year so hopefully that helps.
Destiny 2 suffers from an identity crisis; not from the visuals, but in the overall experience! Yes, the game is beginner/first time player unfriendly AF! I always tell people that Destiny 2 is not a game, but homework. It has huge FOMO mentality.
I like destiny but I wonder what he would think of warframe?
If you do play destiny again, I would recommend the deep stone crypt raid because it isn’t as hard as the other raids, plus it has the best soundtrack used by Bungie in my opinion.
We need Zavala to be a recurring character, I personally loved it.
We are very apathetic towards Destiny as the "story" and dialogue is all too predictable and eye-rolling to us. Our experience with the community isn't all too great either. With all that said, though, four-manning Raids just for the heck of it makes all the monotony bearable.    It also helps that we didn't have to spend a dime on the game.
Man Zavala got some pretty huge blue balls for shooting and microtransactions!!
Destiny is so disapppointing because of what the game (could be/could have been), compared to what it is.
Trust me, Act Man. You don't want to be here. The RNG grind for red border weapons makes people want to kill themselves and PvP still sucks.
Destiny is only for people already playing destiny
I think the best way to describe Destiny 2 is as a game that embodies the community aspect of a online multi-player. With Games like Overwatch, Warzone-era COD, Halo Infinite and BF2042 basically trying to limit as much communication as possible, Destiny has always had a sense of community that is genuinely one of the most helpful, caring, and passionate I have ever scene. The game can be the most batshit, insane, making you "wtf", and confusing game, but it always keeps you wanting to play more.  As a wise Steam review said,   "I hate Destiny 2. It's my favorite game."
If you like bioshock I'd say play dead space tho the first 2 are good. BioShock and dead space were my most played games as a kid. The music is real good too. I listen to the soundtrack all the time
The new light experience is atrocious. You either need friends to walk you through, or to watch a ton of YouTube videos on it.
Everyone is being sucked in now. The infection has started
Now that you are back. I dare you to face in combat, child of light.
Im not gonna say the art direction is bad cuz its really not but man is it all over the fucking place! Nothing feels like Destiny anymore to a certain point. Just look at the next dlc and try to tell me this is still Destiny the game about gritty post apocalyptic space magic wielding zombies searching for loot in the fall of humanity and rediscover what was lost. Now its fucking thor love and thunder!
It’s scary when I’ve been grinding destiny for the past month then one of my favorite content creators makes a video on it
I’ve been playing Destiny since 2015. And while it’s one of the greatest games I’ve ever played (after the bullshit went away) hollllly shit the new player experience is so bad it’s hilarious. I’ve gotten a lot of new people into the game recently but only because I’ve been able to personally hold their hand and guide them on literally everything from story to mechanics.   Would love to see you stick with this game and welcome you to the community, but I understand if it’s overwhelming.
D2 is very good but to cost way to much.. not free to play friendly at all
want a FPS to scratch that itch ? play Shatterline.
Good to see the Act man is a fellow titan main 💪
If you want to know how is destiny at it's peak, just just play vow of the disciple raid, you won't regret it
Foreskin 😂😂😂😂
As someone who pre-ordered destiny 2 wasn't worth it and I really don't enjoy it anymore
I got this game for free and I have no DLC It sill worth it to play ??
I enjoyed destiny the taken king a lot. It was the first fps I ever really got into. I enjoyed vanilla D2 for a while but it got boring and the expansions weren’t good enough to justify buying them. I don’t know if I’ll get back into it. I’m not sure it’s worth it and I don’t think anyone I played it with would give it a second chance.
Crazy how i also just started getting back into Destiny 2 myself, I actually tried the game out upon it's release, but kinda gave it up after the whole... uh ... well one of my favorite characters died and it left a bit of a hole in my heart. Petty reason as to not keep playing, I know.  After a couple of years ignoring the game and seeing constant ads and updates alongside like other MMOs like Final Fantasy 14, I wanted to give it one more shot. The game's functions were almost completely overhauled as you've shown. I had to learn of new elements, different shields, stat descriptions, armor/wep mods, and ect.   I'm slowly still trying to get fully into the game with a couple of friends, but the ONLY issue I have is that most of it's content is locked behind DLC after DLC. I guess I should expect that from a Free-to-play MMO, but it does sour my mood a bit when I finally finish a slew of valuable missions before being hit by a "Sorry, that's only for players with this content".  I won't deny it is a fun experience, just seems very money-hungry and is NOT easy in explaining information in my eyes.
I have played this Game since 2014, never have the need to Buy or spend Silver ever, but yes, it's not very new user friendly with all the sunset campaings.
There is really no point imo the end game you cant do if you dont have enough people, and if you don't have at least an hour to wait for a "guided" type thing.....I see no point in playing tbh
“You could not live with 343’s failure… where did that bring you? Back to me.”   -Bungo, probably
This Act Man - Zavala dynamic is the best thing I never knew I needed. Shit's hilarious
Destiny 2 is one of those games where if u don't have an experienced friend to help you thru it u won't understand much and get overwhelmed easily
I love your channel keep up the great stuff!!
Gotta look at shatterline
The “new light experience” is very bad sadly…
Destiny keeps my attention purely because there isn't another gaming experience like it.
ActManForeskin
Gjallarhorn, I'd forgotten it....
The Zavala skits are so bad
I wish Bungie still made Halo 😭
Act Man why not add one more video mentioning Valve and Review Half life 2!!!
OMG for the LONGEST time i have been pondering on if i should go back to D2 since i REALLY miss it but and skeptical because of how much i have missed.  (I played all of D1 since day 1, bought D2 for forsaken because fuck double primary y1 D2, and hen quite just before the final forge came out for the black armory)
Femboy Besties 🤨
I loved that sponsorship bit!
I enjoy playing the game casually and it can be a lot of fun. However, the game isn't really beginner friendly. Especially with the story, you have to watch hours of YouTube videos to know what's going on. For someone who has been playing from day one I really like the game.
Bro add me I can play with u bro jensheydb is my Xbox gamer tag
They keep asking for 90$ dlc packs and locking things behind those, so I quit. Buy trust me, I wish I could play again.
Lol how dense is Act Man? He’s clearly playing with other ppl simple questions like why old armor doesn’t work anymore and how to get a replacement shouldn’t be an issue. I walked a friend who never played through the basics in two days. It’s not as hard as Act Man is trying to make it
The game has improved a lot since launch. There is so much content in the game and so much depth to builds now. Raids are great and so are dungeons, but playing solo and the new player experience still suck, especially the new player experience
I'm gonna be waiting with baited breath for that Femboy Besties, review.
As someone who used to play destiny hardcore I feel like I have to say this game is just not as good as it used to be. It catered to much to casuals and free to play players, players who initially wouldn’t not have touched the game if they had to pay for it. And even then the new players experience is so bad I wouldn’t even recommend anyone to try. The financial barrier to entry gets steeper every dlc.
I have been pleased with destiny lately and I hope lightfall continues that. It’s nice to see more people getting into it and enjoying it. Yes destiny is it’s flaws, many of them, but overall I’d say they had a pretty solid comeback
I sold my soul to this game back in 2014, and I still get confused on how to navigate this game. Bungie needs to do something to try and make the new light experience at least a little bit better.
Just a minor clarification for the 30th Anniversary bundle, the only weapon that it comes with it is the Gjallahorn. Every other weapon is free for all
Can Zavala be like a permanent thing from now on? 😂
I remember when I picked up Destiny bc I loved the visual and was just so extremely overwhelmed when I was in and went through all the New Player stuff that I just never opened the Game again. If I had people to Raid with, I would pick it back up. But all of those damn Menues and not knowing what to do and shit was just so confusing to me.
As a long time destiny vet these are some absolutely true takes, for someone who is new, I can so see how this stuff is immensely confusing. I wish I could be there to just show you the ropes lol.
“Thank god they got rid of bright engrams” - he hasn’t realized it yet lol
This video killed me 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Destiny 2 is my favorite game I hate it. I have a love hate relationship with this game. No cap. I've been playing this game since the beta and I admit it was dogshit. Curse of Osiris didn't help. Warmind is when things started to get a little better but forsaken is what saved this game. It overhauled everything. No more two primary weapons, leveling system rework, the greatest campaign of the destiny franchise, two new locations one of which is an endgame destination, and my favorite raid to date last wish, and to top it all off the first ever dungeon in destiny the shattered throne. Shadowkeep was meh. Beyond Light brought a new damage type and a new damage type, stasis. At lauch it was broken as all hell. There were also a bunch of cheaters on pc running around and stasis was a bit of an unintentional anti cheat because freezing the cheaters worked wonders. But then they toned it back. Witch queen breathed new life into destiny, with weapon crafting, a new weapon type, the legendary difficulty campaign and the vow of the disciple raid was the cherry on top. I have so many memories with this game its hard to let it go. Last few weeks I started playing warframe and I already want to go back to destiny to catch up on the seasonal story.
As a long time player the game is definitely not new player friendly.
Destiny 2 is an addiction game.   I put it down and will never go back because I realize my quality of life is so much better without sinking so many hours into a game that doesn't actually give me lasting memories.
I been hooked on destiny since i first played it. The game is in a good place right now
thank you for bringing up the new player experience, I've been wondering what new players have to go through
Legendary missions, it doesnt matter what your light level is. Your always capped at a certain power, as you would be for grandmaster Nightfall. Bungie designed it this way because obviously over leveling takes the challenge out of the game, as is with any rpg game.
To me personally, the greatest shame of destiny is the amount of honestly great writing that just goes down the toilet with vaulting. That being said the writing is awesome and when one expiriences it in the moment, it really does work
I went back to it about four weeks ago because I really just wanted to play the campaign again just to find out they straight up vaulted it
Ever since witch queen came out ive been locked in. Before i was very finikey wirh off and on
Brought to you by foreskin gaming developed by smegma studios 💀
After they announced no more content vaulting, I bought all expansions and can't stop playing. Best shooter ever made. 😅  I wish Halo Infinite had just copied most of the Destiny formula.
I started playing a few months ago. I've since fallen in love with the pvp. This video however was extremely funny and very on point xD
Honestly, I played Destiny 2 when it started to become bad and dropped it after a while never to look back. I don't know if it's actually good anymore, you never actually said anything about that, but you said it's best with friends. Well, if I had any or knew anyone who actually liked destiny, or if I even wanted to go back to the game at all, I think it could be nice. Just uh... Don't know if it'll actually be fun in the first place or if the game is actually good now.
Git gud
Your friends and your zavala impressions are actually super accurate and funny btw
Yeah the new player experience is poop. 😔
More D2 content, Guardian
Actman, let me take you through a raid
Honestly, feel that difficulty option bit so much. Destiny's difficulty has been easy as balls or hard as shit with no inbetween for YEARS. Legendary Witch Queen was pretty good inbetween, but it leaned more on the harder side I suppose. I just wish Bungie would make a middle ground difficulty which doesn't have fucking champions.
I really appreciate the opening about selecting games to invest time into. I take the same approach.
Destiny has given me more fond memories and overall better times than any of the Halo games did and I'm tired of pretending that they didn't
I started playing destiny a couple years ago,Stop and start because I was clueless af with what’s going on.I was always solo so had no1 to explain things.It took me about a year to understand everything.And from the point where I understood everything.From mods to builds and also activities and missions I couldn’t come off it and never stopped playing   It 100% needs hints and tips and be more user friendly even in raids and so on..If they did there have double player base
I'm thoroughly tickled
Destiny 2 proves that Bungie's corpse is still 100x better than 343i
Destiny 2 definitely has a lot of content for new players, I'm happy you enjoy it as someone returning. But I played the game on and off since release the Witch Queen Campaign was good, but it's boring grinding in between.
Maaan only 9 minutes trough this thing but I fkin love it! Now back to the video! Thanks!
Destiny 2 is an amazing game and The art style is unmatched !!!
I wanted to try this game many times but it just feels overwhelmingly complex for no valid reason. I keep on skipping it. Seeing someone with past experiences with the game having a hard time to get back in is not comforting.
guardian I am morbidly obese got be cackling good shit
What a coincidence, I just did the same this week. I have to say they really stepped up the quality of the content since I last played (Season 8-9). I'm overwhelmed but having a lot of fun.
as someone with over 2500 hours in D2 I completely agree with these points considering the new-player experience and the video was pure gold
I forgot that some peoples entire personality is hating destiny.
I always wanted to get back into destiny because I basically ended where he ended in forsaken. I never heard about the data transfer so I lost all of my paid content so I’m at a loss. I’m debating whether I want to start fresh from steam or not
it's great for me I log in pick up bounties, go to orbit do my laundry clean the house then complete my chores hoping for a good gun to shoot aliens with
leave now while you still can
I feel like Destiny 2 would be so much better if they just scrapped the idea of trying to remove old content. (I never got to play that expansion and now do not get to say goodbye to my Boi Cayde 6 :’( I would probably really like this game, since that seems like tons of new stuff they added
Guess we should be thankful that nutjob that tried to frame Bungie got their ass handed to them because this video would no doubt have gotten hit with a "totally legit" copyright strike.
Act man, I love you. Amazing content as usual. Stay hyped buddy!
The only thing Destiny 2 players hate more than Destiny 2 is how much they like Destiny 2.
That Sabathussy got me acting unwise
Warmind was amazing actually lol
2:35 That’s how I felt when I heard Lord Saladin talk for the first time when I came back after not playing since D1 lmao. “Who tf was that speaking? I just heard Reaper from Overwatch give some npc dialogue!” 😂
This felt like a former destiny player coming back to the game type of video. Maybe the next one can be about how Bungie handles the seasonal content since that wasn't really covered in this.
Get the br from the bungie 30tg anniversary, its a beast
Destiny 2 is the only game that doesn't work with my modem stock settings for some reason. After seeing how Bungie manages content (both old and new) and their business model, I realized maybe my router was trying to protect me...
1. "Futanari jigsaw puzzle" after "femboy besties." 2. "Pictures of Ikor's feet" sounds like a user name I would see around 2020-2021-ish. 3. "Savathussy." I'm pretty sure I saw that in a username/said by someone before this. But really I love raiding in Destiny 2, it's a real unique experience that when things come together that's so satisfying.
The game really is about the Raids and Dungeons...
I find it hilarious that ,once more videos get uploaded, we can look back on Act Mans video history, and we can see The Act Man basically say, "Im done with Halo Infinite". A soldemn moment, and immediately afterwards be like, "anyways, so Bungie..." 😂
You can still buy 40 dollar vaulted content
Plz wait with a proper review for after light fall next year. They are making a lot of improvements to the early game to make it a lot easier for new players. For example a new "Guardian level" system which you can use to see what you need to do next. Supposedly at least
Will you just start fucking shooting
2:41 ohhh yeah the new user experience is very bad, didn't know what to do bringing my two friends through it, still don't :D
That voice makes me wanna get the game ALONE
While you dont necessarily sound like him, your inflections and phrasing for Zavala were fucking S-Tier
God bless and envelope you, you’re going into hell again.
Damn Actman, I appreciate your take on this because it is EXACTLY what I've felt when booting up this game and others like it - I am so glad I am not the only one. Appreciate it
champions suck though
*[ BTW Act Man the game isn't rewarding the more you play its too easy to get loot ]* Destiny 2 is the junk food of gaming like what Dark Royalty gaming says for example.  • The game still has alot of issue with PVP intentionally being bad at this point  • Core activities not being the *"core activities of the game at this point"* [ strikes, pvp, and Gambit ] since Bungie is focusing so much on seasonal content which there's an easy fix *[ by simply making 2 seasons instead of 4 so Bungie can have breaks and make core content again  ]*  but D2 has a large number of cry babies who are afraid of Content drought. Not realizing how necessary it is at time to time. • New Light experience is still terrible  • everything getting more expensive and monetization getting worse with ppl defending it  • events being play to pay instead of play to earn  • AI still being outdated since 2014  • endgame content not really worth doing   There's alot of good with Destiny 2 but still way too many bad   I mean every problem of Destiny can easily be fix but no one wants it to be fix everyone just want Destiny 2 to be junk food.
Hell ya brother! Glad to have you back but I also haven’t finished the video so I hope you enjoy it truthfully Edit: you fool, once you come back it’ll be harder to leave! Jk but not really lol glad to see you make content on d2
If Bungie could do what Warzone did and allow you to add those old DLCs and content in a separate download, it would solve A LOT of problems. Those legacy guns and armor are still in the game, the old maps are still in the game, a lot of vaulted content is still inside the game right now. It's all wasted data since no one can play them now.
I refuse to play Destiny 2 again until they return the content I paid for that they took away. Literally all they had to do was make the old content an optional download.
Jesus Christ this just looks like a fucking mobile game. Every so often I try one and it's just the same shit of a million different menus and currencies. I remember playing some anime game with girls that shoot things and it looked neat but it took like an HOUR to go through the whole tutorial section and holy shit I just turned it off and deleted it.  What happened to just having a neat little menu with a few options? Remember when it was just: "Singleplayer Multiplayer Options Credits"  And then you'd hit multiplayer and it'd be like:  "Team deathmatch" "Capture the flag" "Fucking whatever"  And you could just go do whatever the hell you want like seconds after loading a game, man weren't those the fucking days.
I love that I can turn my brain off, listen to a podcast and shoot shit....or I can load into a dungeon solo and sweat my ass off trying to get a solo flawless completion.
Why was Arkham city so awesome is the dream video I want from you so bad Kelly please 😢I pray 🙏 you will do it love you ❤
If you think back to Destiny 1, shouldn't we all be doing garbage Russian accents when we play, for accuracies sake?
I mean you can pick different difficulty in strikes but for most things he has a point
I feel like these mini quests are technical limitations more than anything else. The only times when the game glitches out are usually Telesto's fault.
Thank you for commenting on the music. :)  Bungie's music team are godly at what they do.
11:26 "It feels like you need a qualified expert or the Destiny wiki open at all times"  That right there is exactly why I don't play Destiny anymore.  I was a D1 player and I remember all the arguments of Destiny vs Warframe. I played and greatly enjoyed both. Destiny cost more but Warframe needed the expert/wiki. That seemed fair, ya know my money got me a more complete experience.  But now in D2, sure the base is game is free to play. But the expansions are still payed. Warframe launches every expansion for free. The value proposition is gone.  So these days I play Warframe and not Destiny. Because it seems like Destiny doesn't respect my money anymore.
This is the 7th act video I’ve seen today… can’t stop now
An =3 reference in your sponsor video?! I have so much confusion but I think I like it???
I haven’t played since launch until about a week ago to check out The Witch Queen expansion. It’s been pretty fun but I’m lost. I played my first Gambit match since I couldn’t do the raid I wanted to try out being slightly under leveled I think? I think that’s why I couldn’t play it yet so I won that Gambit match which was a fun one off thing to try and am on the final mission of The Witch Queen expansion so I’ll get through that but I’m still not sure how to upgrade the Glave thing I have so it’s not underleveled or what to do with all the currency I have. That light blue stuff I have like 500,000 of it and idk what to do with it or where to put it. I’m not buying the microtransaction money or any other expansions besides maybe the next one after I see how well it treats solo players. I’d just like to see what these raids are about and raise the numbers on the Glave. That’s pretty much all I give a care about doing before taking another break from this game. I don’t really get what’s going on and it makes me sad that I enjoy it a bit but can’t really care about wanting to learn everything I can since nothing seems all that important to bother with doing.
This needs to be the new standard of sponsorship!!
It's too overwhelming for me too. I've literally got on, and sat at the map screen like... Holy shit
I came back a 3-4 months ago now and played through everything I'd missed since Forsaken. Played a lot of raids with my raid team as well and I think they're really done an amazing job with Destiny 2 in recent years. The new player experience is atrocious though and I shared the same level of confusion for quite a while
zavala memes: perfection.
Such a masterpiece of a game! A beautiful experience all around!
I would definitely say, spend some time doing a lot of the end game content, crucible, etc. then probs come back for a pretty comprehensive review.
I have always said, that if a game is only enjoyable playing with friends then it is not the game you're having fun with. It is a pretty easy sentiment to understand, because if you can switch games and still have the same level of fun, the game in this equation is not attributing to the fun you're having.  And people can be mad about that all they want, but that doesn't stop how true the statement is.
my friends and i will generally say not okay things as shaxx yelling in the crucible lmao
Damn you, Vuvuzela, you made me whatch the ad!
This game WITH FRIENDS contains some of my favourite gaming moments I've ever had. Truly incredible doing a raid or quest with a buddy
the fucking =3 transition had me wheezing
this franchise is probably the best example of stockholm syndrome I can think of (I would know, I've been playing since 2014)
Destiny 2 along side Fallout new vegas, Nier Automata and Cyberpunk 2077 is a very special game to me. It's one of those games where i agree with all the criticism people have with it and will shout to the high heavens about how flawed the game is but at the end of the day the game holds so many memories and makes me happy so i shrug my shoulders and play it anyway usually happy (cept trials fuck trials)
Been playing ever since Destiny 1. Glad to hear you’re gonna come back to visit sometime in the future. The new expansion Lightfall is shaping up to be huge, and will even give us a new subclass with abilities never seen before. Love your videos, man!  Also, if Zavala comes back, a certain empress of an alien species we’ve allied with might be a good co-star for him.
Act man i will sherpa you through vow of the disciple and you will be destiny hooked.
The interactions with Zavala are awesome! Please You have to do it more. 😂
Destiny 2. No other game is both so hated and so loved by the same community. Also yeah the new user experience has sucked since year 1 almost and has been a major community gripe. Good thing is it’s like ly to be reworked during light fall but we’ll see
The new player experience really is nonexistent. I have no idea why they don't just put a little effort into it. Not having that and a better implementation of clan finder/control and group finders in the game just makes no sense.   The game is also quite boring solo.
Definitely best played with friends, its endless hours of fun that way. Especially once you get into harder stuff like raids and completing your first runs after hours of mechanics and teamwork. And chasing the god rolls from those raids once you and your buddies master the experience is where the treasure lies. Destiny is a game I'll never be able to let go. It's not perfect by a long shot, but it's home I guess
Just play the campaign on legend.
I wanna try this game but been hesitant, because...it's not exactly "free to play" with all the dlcs, kinda adds up. is it really even worth playing if I don't plan on getting them?
Destiny is dogshit, play warframe instead.
This is a amazing video I loved it
Destiny 2 is a phenomenal game but i just want to play solo and so much content is locked behind 6+ people raids.
So glad he came back
Best transition into an advert I’ve seen on YouTube for years.
Yeah, someone from our discord server recently started playing, and I've started writing a guide on what's what and where to start. Maybe I'll finish that guide before Lightfall lmao
As an avid Destiny player I enjoyed your vid. The PVE is pretty darn good. Sadly PVP desperately needs help. Its not a perfect game by any means but I play it everyday & do genuinely enjoy it.. sometimes 🤣
Downloaded 120 gb...    Then deleted it because I had no idea what I was doing
the new/returning player experience is the biggest problem with the game. any time i try to get new/returning players involved it always turns into "yeah you cant get that weapon any more" or "yeah thats gone now"
Im honeslty really happy that commander Zavala himself made a sponnsor for us
I shall not return to these lands
I agree with a lot of your points that the new user onboarding experience could be more streamlined than it already is, i would say that a lot of the overhaul work is coming probably with lightfall but as of now bungie mostly relies on the community to teach new guardians and destiny content creators who teach a lot of the games systems. That aside, loved the video the zavala bits were funny as hell 😂
I like this game, but I didn't know what I was doing, the frame rates were bad, no FOV slider, or the ability to change crosshair position on xbox one. I'll play this when I get the chance to get a Series X for the sake if a better performance.
Broo I just started playing this last year and its mostly what I do in my free time now lol. any chance I can add you? and maybe on discord?
Such a great and funny perspective because ALOT of destiny players have gone thru this
Did destiny beckon u?
Been playing through the game with friends over the past few weak. I agree the new player experience is rough, but friends do make the the game much better. Also, there are a lot of Youtube tutorials that have helped get the ball rolling.
Something I haven't seen mentioned in the comments act: They've addressed how shitty the new player experience is and are planning on fixing it come lightfall. Not saying it's in a good state right now and your criticisms are entirely valid but they are working on making things much better.
REVIEW THE OTHER BIOSHOCKS.
So glad you made another Destiny 2 video :) Also, there's gonna be a lot of QoL improvements in the next expansion.
as someone who has been playing Destiny almost every single day since 2014, I agree 100% with everything in this video. I truly live in a cycle of hell occasionally occupied by 5 minutes of fun every now and then, but got damn I need that god roll
Your sponsoring way is good I like it
the new player experience sucks, you have to actually play the game consistantly. like any other online game its honestly the same thing.
you can tell, when activision left them, bungie got that taste of freedom and started putting out awesome shit, so i’m hoping to see more great stuff from them with expansions in coming years i think destiny 3 is coming up soon? if i looked at the timeline i think i saw that
It’s crazy how all of us halo folks went back to destiny this year after all this halo bs 🤣
i've stopped caring about the game the more i played it, if you want the more hardcore aspects like raiding day 1 for the emblem, it's basicly sink 100 hours into the game in order to get stuff that you need.  i like certain aspects of the game, but it feels too complicated to fully get into unless you spend a lot of time, and i prefer playing different kinds of games for different reasons so when i come back to D2 after putting so much time into it im like "meh, i don't want to spend another 500 hours into this game".  the seasonal get to 100 levels for exclusive content also happens to be in other games, and i personally find myself not wanting to keep going back to like 50 different games for that, which also goes back to my point "i don't want to spend another 500 hours in the game".  the game overall is really fun and story wise is pretty good, but i personally cant recommend it.
Bro act man, can you make a video do talk about modern game turn into unfinish, buggy, glichid game, because some game corporation & modern game is infested with greed, loot boxes and monidicezation symtem them art,
need more destiny content
Hope he finishes witche queen and reviews it
"Guardian, that Savathussy isn't going to fuck itself"
Good to see the reviews again 👍
I guess it just doesn’t feel that convoluted to me because I’ve been in the game for a long time, but I can see how it’d be overwhelming for someone getting into it for the first time or after a long time.  That being said, they do have a decent number of tutorial style quests that do explain what the new mechanics are and how to interact with them
The new light experience has always been pretty jarring but once you get past that and have friends to play it with Destiny really picks up. Destiny is truly at its peak during Dungeons and Raids. Once you’ve made a build and have good rolls on weapons the game comes together like nothing else quite can.
Yeah no I had to help my friends get started in this game they go so confused all they did was crucible and nothing else so I had to help them through the intro, they should’ve left the OG campaign in it. Also I saw you mention you didn’t know what to do, basically all you’re doing is doing the new DLC campaigns or farming powerful gear or pinnacle gear.
Games is cool. Monetization practice is predatory. Probably the most fun game to play casually or semi-casually. Great vid acting male.
This is why I play Waframe. I have next to no idea what's going on, how the eggs work and whatever else, I just know how to craft and continue the story (because there's only 3 mission types, and the story is just one of those 3 with dialogue fluff)
this game is just a fallacy
Played Destiny from the beta all the way until the Shadowkeep release... no way I'm touching that game again. It was seven years of doing the same quests over and over again with little to no incentive to keep going other than a rare drop.
That was.......a really good transition into the ad
the lore is amaziiinng
Microtransactions destroyed AAA
Dude. I started playing this again a couple months ago...I felt exactly the same.  BTW one of the few sponsor adds I actually watched.
destiny is the game a play everyday but would never recommend to my friends
I’ve been playing D2 since Expansion 1 and I just can’t stop playing it. Bungie knew what they were doing getting players addicted to this. Gambit, Crucible, story missions, and the Loot!? I can’t stay away for long like I did during one of the other seasons
That is one hell of a sponsor transition
He's not wrong is hard to understand the game since I came back but after you learned it is fun
when is the yugioh video coming?
While I love this game I understand why people dislike it
I have 796 hours in Destiny 2 right now, I'm having a lot of fun
I used to play Destiny with a few friends a couple years ago and it was really enjoyable. I still have a lot of nostalgia from both Destiny 1 and 2.
I LITERALLY installed this game TODAY for the first time cuz friends got (back) into it and the bombardment of pop-ups upon first launch legit made me laugh... and after a while I played Warframe again... I should probably get into it more though.
You found the gold. It's literally the friends we make along the way
This game is like a tv series that gets good after the first few seasons
I played destiny 2 for the first time a few months ago with my brother and his bestfriend. We didnt know what the hell was going on or what we were supposed to do.
This game is literally the MMO for people who don't actually want to play an MMO
If anyone is on the fence about Raycons, I got some for my birthday last year and they're actually pretty decent. My ears seem to be a weird as fuck shape so it's hard for me to stick them in there sometimes but regardless the sound quality is good, they're nice and easy to use and have a few different modes like bass boosting.  I'm not sure how good they'd be for like running or anything(again weird shaped ears, not even attempting) but they work fine for just a regular walk. Handy if you don't want some cumbersome headset.
Once you get a taste for Raiding its over, you're hooked.
Never played either of them, I prefer a well crafted SP experience over cookie cutter looter shooters. Shame well crafted singleplayer experiences are getting harder to come by.
Cant be arsed. Too Grindy.
Good thing you can "try" Destiny for free
Destiny 2 really needs a better new player experience, something that guides you into the activities you'll be doing organically. As it stands, you just do a quest line that kind of shows you things but then it just dumps you into the Tower randomly and its like "????Whatnow????"
Trust me Theatrical Gentlesir, the game gets even more fun when you learn some of the cool "advanced movement," like well/shatter skating, sparrow flying, and slipstreaming
Dude Youtube isnt putting your vid in my feed, idk if this is just a me thing but im subscribed and got the notifications activated. Didnt know anything was up till I checked discord… #justiceforTheActMan
The new player experience is definitely lackluster and needs a lot more work on it, but Destiny 2 has definitely improved over time and is worthwhile to play.
Destiny 2 gunplay has always been the reason I want to come back, but returning to the game feels terrible. I always chicken out after a few hours. They need something there.
I’ve completely gone over to D2 from Halo. Pve is incredible, PvP is meh for me. Raids are amazing and other pve stuff
Should have played Warframe... I am sorry for you.
The new user experience is one of the reasons why I don't recommend it at this point. I've been playing it for years but its overwhelming without a guide. They are implementing a new system with Lightfall that shows you what to do in order. So hopefully it improves the new user experience.
The skits get better every video, reminds me of classic review channels
I am surprised you didn’t mention how powerful you are compared to destiny 1 and the launch of destiny 2. You could be under leveled in an activity and could still survive if you have the right gear and fragments.
Incredible game, but so hard for new/returning players. They are apparently fixing this issue with next big expansion.
Honestly if you reviewed Femboy Besties as seriously as possible that’d be pretty funny lmao
Heads up guardians! For people who enjoy the 3 man Raid-like activities those are called dungeons and there is 5 of them of which the one called Prophecy is free and can be found in the legacy directory on the map.
The Acting Gentleman: The engine works pretty well D2 vets: Impossible
God no......
As someone with good taste and respect for my own time, I've clearly never played Destiny. But I do enjoy watching videos about it every once in a while.
Tbh this game can be real confusing as hell and I have those moments to decide what to do. Or what clear path I should take. But the lore...I'm a lore addict and this game hits damn
DAMN IT ACT MAN WE WANT RDR NOT DESTINY
19:20 Congrats Act Man. That’s the way I think Bungie intended Destiny to be played. Think of it like Left 4 Dead (probably not the best comparison, but imma role with it), while you can play solo and matchmaker with other people, the game is really designed to be played with your buddies and not by yourself.
As a veteran D1 player I agree that the new user experience is horrible. I literally have never successfully recruited friends to play the game, not only that I chose more times to not even try with other friends bc I knew the free game isnt the same as having dlcs. But how can I tell someone to fork out a bunch of money to try out the guns and the game for the best experience?
you need to play more gambit
I was genuinely thinking earlier today if we would get a destiny 2 fall and rise.
This shit had me dying
This game is so uninviting to new players. I had two of my close friends basically give me a 4 hour tour and I was still lost playing without them
Wheres my Yu Gi Oh video?. This one was great tho
How'd you make playing with an action figure so entertaining 🤔
Destiny is better than Halo these days and that’s a sad fact
John Destiny is thr bset and isnt afraid of anyth1bng
I gave up on destiny 2 after I finished the first 2 expansions. I pre-ordered the deluxe edition as I was 100% confident it would be excellent after d1. I really tried to love it but when the 3rd expansion "fixed" the game I was beyond pissed. It felt like I had wasted my money and now had to pay an additional cost to have the "proper destiny 2 experience". It was a big deal to me, completely changed how I behave to new aaa releases. I've stopped pre-ordering anything that's not a new resident evil. I'll never play destiny again out of spite.
Ironic really Bungie can do what 343 cant
You should try some Warframe. I have heard that it has a similar feel to destiny but I have only played Warframe. You might enjoy it
now im waiting on this man to whip out an ff14 review lmao if you do id love to see ya on jenova
As a content creator of Destiny, I'm glad to see you coming back and check it out, Act Man. What's your favorite expansion?
Yep... Pretty much.
na glimmer is still useless.
I always know that the Act Man is gonna keep it real.
Why would you remove old content?  Don't people want to experience it all?
13:30 this is why me and 2 of my friends played a Free Weekend or some shit, and decided not to play years and years and years ago. You run across the map, kill 3 enemies, walk 30 feet into a  tunnel, wait for 10 enemies to spawn for the quest, then turn it in. Then, go back to where you killed the 3 enemies before the cave. But I remember the amazing visuals, awesome map designs, and everything EXTREMELY clearly from just playing it for 15 hours.
I just go play solo gambit after blowing through everything for the week. I hate myself for doing but I find it enjoyable at the same time XD
Don't fuck with us destiny players. We hate ourselves and our game
My God me and the boys died like 30 times on the final savathoon fight cause we kept making savathussy jokes and couldn't stop laughing.  So seeing that in this video killed me
Destiny 2 has many flaws sure but I think the positive experiences I've had with the variety of content Destiny 2 offers more than make up for its flaws. Some of the most fun I have had in a video game has been in D2's raids and dungeons coordinating with strangers to get the job done. Also the raid bosses are often fucking epic. Riven, Oryx, and Rhulk for example are just so badass to fight against. That being said, D2 struggles a bit on the pvp side as matchmaking is a bit unfair and balance issues will always exist in a game that lets you make crazy builds. Still, imo D2 pvp is just a side dish to the fantastic pve experience. Also the legendary Witch Queen campaign is so much fun. Lightfall's campaign is poised to be even better.
If I had friends cracking jokes like that the whole time I might actually have fun playing destiny
The new player experience is kinda lackin.... If you been following the story from day one. The lore and storytelling is effin amazing.
That ad read was God tier
Must be nice to have friends to experience all the content with. If it doesn't have matchmaking I can't play it. Imagine doing everything solo... but you still have to pay full price for a game you can't access every part of. It's infuriating. I've been playing destiny 2 for years and haven't done a single raid. It's bullshit!!! I keep hoping bungie will make matchmaking for everything but I know they won't. So why get back into the game???? It's so frustrating!
Perfect, I was just thinking of starting to play again. Just like with Destiny 1, I started playing Destiny 2 at release and just like Destiny 1, it was more bad as good at release. And when Destiny 1 and 2 became "good" I wasn't playing anymore.
It's hard to explain,  it's like bungie just understands party games.  Me and my friends have been playing D2 for 3 years now amd honestly we describe the game like this.  It's like being "friends" with a dominatrix right?  Like weird af and something you don't really talk about with other people but......you'll still probably answer every te she calls.
I have been playing Destiny 2 since release and have seen it change gradually over time, so it all makes sense to me. That being said, I absolutely agree that the new/returning player experience needs to be changed. It seems like Lightfall in February is going to adress that with guardian ranks, but that doesn't do much for people right now. Overall though I still recommend this game. Also side note, I couldn't stop laughing at the Zavala voices!
Watch out, Kelly. We're gonna hold you to that Femboy Besties video now.
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
Completely off topic but anyone else want old EA to come back with a return to old style SSX games?
Good to know it's still as crap as I thought it was.
14:44 gonna need a full version of this song and a music vid
"Did they add moth people yet?" Savathun: "Am I a joke to you?"
Yeah the beginner experience does suck but after that it gets really good
only thing i dislike is them removing planets and those expansions, but yeah i get its because of GB and shit but still aucks there isn’t some way to keep it, hell, lol at warframe does it
personally, i think your going through halo infinite withdraws
Yo your Zavala voice is actually okay lol
The longer i go without having played D2 the harder it becomes to even bother trying. I don't have a huge team of friends to do any of the fun shit with. I've missed so much stuff that was only around for a limited time that it feels pointless to even bother. Every time I start the game up there's just too much stuff to figure out. I have no idea where to begin and whether it'll even be worth the effort or not.
Hey act man you probably won’t see this. But there is this really under rated game called hunt showdown. It’s super polished and it seems like your type of game. Anyways love your videos
Destiny can be summarized with: overloaded.   Too many quests;too many quest steps Too much in game currency  Too much armor stats Too much weapon stats and variants  You pretty much hit every point as to why I don’t really play this game.   Underneath it all it’s pretty fun but they still need to unlock more of that potential.
The new or returning player experience has been abysmal ever since they started vaulting content.  Yeah they added the Cosmodrone, but by removing the Red War, and Forsaken, they've lost what could have been a good pipeline to get players into the game.  I don't think anyone can recommend the game to newer players unless they have someone to play with to help fill the gaps and be able to answer questions that the game doesn't answer.  Maybe the answer to  this would be to bring back some of the older campaign missions.   If memory is an issue, then why not just treat it as a seperate launcher maybe or seperate install and then be able to transfer your character to the main game.  Destiny is really cool game.  I've been playing ever since it came out, but I can't recommend it unless you got someone to help you.
Ive been waiting for this
I've been playing Destiny off and on since Taken King (year 2 of the first game) and I have a love hate relationship with the game. I love the game with its lore, environments, guns, characters, raids/dungeons and then some. But I also hate the game in that if u don't have friends or a competent clan to teach you and guide through activities, then you're pretty much cut off from enjoying the best parts of it. Raids like Last Wish, Kings Fall, and Deep Stone Crypt are some one the most fun and challenging tasks in the game, but since they require a deep know-how of the game and it's mechanics along with a Tema of 6 people. I hate how every seasonal activity is the same copy and pasted design over and over again with little variations. I have top their loot and armor  so I don't rly need to chase things. I just play what interests me and read the lore. If u want a semi-casual experience this is the best game that can offer that to u. Act Man said it best, if u want balls to the wall hard challenges, it has it. If u want to suckle ur thumb as u shoot baddies, it also has that. I love this game in that it pretty saved my life, but I hate it in the fact that I know it can be better than it is right now.
As someone who just got into D2 2 months ago, I am having a blast
Now I feel like if you take a break from destiny for long enough you just need a cutscene of Zavala being like “welcome back guardian, let’s get you up to speed” and just a quick summary. Job done
This man doing a review after only playing 14 hrs lmao, not really scratching the surface. But nonetheless, destiny 2 is still butt for the most part
I've been through all the good, bad and the EXTREMELY bad that this franchise has gone through. Honestly, I'm just happy we made it this far and the game is not only still standing, but is way better than it was a few years back with the future looking even better.
1:27 wait what?
I quit playing right at the end of the Forsaken expansion, but one of the things i always loved about Destiny is that EVERYONE has a Zavala impression
I really like how everyone whos been playing destiny 2 recently has been saying “you know what, maybe this game deserves a shot.”  I can’t wait for lightfall when we get GRAPPLING HOOKS. 3 months.
Even as a player who never stopped since D1, the new player onboarding experience is dreadful.   But goddamnit its so much fun once you learn it.  Especially buildcrafting
The Witch Queen is Destiny's BEST story.
After 2 years, I've decided to play Destiny 2 again. My account had so many cool things. But when I log in, 3 campaigns had disappeared (I haven't finished Legacy of Osiris yet) AND THE MOST RIDICULOUS THING I EVER SAW YOU POINTED HERE at 11:10. Remember guys: This game IS p2w. When I bought the gamepass I got the best of the best equipment. THEN, NOW ALL OF SUDDEN I need to Buy it again because I can't level it up.   Proceeded to uninstall the game, for good... (rip 2K cash still remaining on my account)
bro you saying you haven't made a video on it in 4 years makes me feel old. I saw that when it was released and I didnt realize that was 4 years ago
I'm so glad they're addressing the new user experience in Lightfall. Because yeah, it is....not great, to put it lightly 😅 Please come back then at least and compare it from now to then.
Is destiny your first MMO or what
Hope you had a great trip
The zavala memes are impeccable
Imagine Halo Infinite being like this
I usually skip sponsored sections on all videos I watch but this one from papa zuzu !!  I could not miss !!!
give us back red fucking war bungie the current new light campaign sucks
This is the best sponsor you’ve ever done
But that Metroid Prime review tho👀👀👀
Enjoying trials while watching. Great video
Check out insurgency sandstorm. 100% worth it just for the intense pvp
Just play borderlands 3
This could not have come at a more perfect time. I started playing And I’m soooo lost
I got back into destiny this season with my friend because of Kings Fall raid. I’ve never played that raid till recently and I’m in love with destiny again. Me and my dad played at launch all the way thru forsaken. After that we kinda stopped. But now I’m happy I’m back
Have fun getting addicted! I bought D2 around Forsaken as well, and it just neeeever could hook me. But NOW, it has improved upon itself SO much, and I've been playing since feb 2021. I would be happy to take you raiding with my clan!
Destiny 2 is my guilty addiction
My absolute biggest gripe is with the new player experience and I agree that old campaigns should be made into some kind of offline available stand-alone download. I understand why they do the thing with the pop-ups at the bottom of the screen, because they know you'll be even more overwhelmed if you skip what little informational stuff they have, so the only way to get rid of them is to do them. They should also be better at telling you how to use the quest menu and the fact that the big important steps are on the side bar on the map page, you open them up with left trigger. All said, Destiny is a game that at its current point, the best new player experience is to have at least one destiny vet on your fireteam to give you the rundown, and that's not the best way to do it (offloading the new player experience onto the community) but they are leaning into this with the next large update and when the game actually has an in-game method and motivation to on-board new players, it might actually work alright.
There is supposed to be an upgraded “progression” system next season and a lot of improvements
6:24 what the fuck? That made me spit my Coca Cola onto my screen, fuck you Act Man
Its a mmo. Just read. its all there, and if youve ever played a video game its simple.
Finally !
Destiny 2 for new lights is rough, Bungie is if u haven't played from the beginning ur SOL, it was super rough for me cause i was a solo player, but after being mentally abuse & got stock home syndrome, I'm hooked, it's sad but true
I still play D2 and I can I agree with a lot of your points.  The new lights experience it's quite hostile in my opinion. I'm used to this amount of information, but from a new point of view it is actually overwhelming. The thing about over leveling it's, quite honestly, a bit too much. I played enough last season to get to level 100 on the season pass but not enough to get to 1570 light level, yet when this season arrived, with that chest I immediately reach 1570, seeing that was a bit demoralizing seeing how barely playing can get you to the previous soft cap. Sure, I leveled up with a new chest that just arrived with this season, but previous seasons weren't too difficult either, this just further exaggerates it.
Damn that Zavala voice was spot on
Searching for content in Destiny 2 is like opening the other side of an empty chip bag and expecting there to still be chips inside.
The Deus Ex "what a shame" had me laughin
Pervert Zavala might make a comeback in the next video, I guarantee it.
I think they should of stuck to halo just imagine what it could of been.
I love the fact that because I started the game when the new player experience wasn't as horseshit as it is now, I dont have to deal with it
play MW2 2022 beta
A lightfall video would be cool when it comes out
there are still bright engrams, sadly
‘Moth people’ ‘did not complete witch queen campaign’.  … DUDE…
Thought about trying D2 but Ive no idea what to buy at these stage as someone totally new.
Damn dude that spunsor segment was funny
I hate this game with a passion, it's not cause it's bad from a gameplay standpoint, but the whole Bungie side is so incredibly bad. Linking accounts means you share progress, but anything related to "owning an expansion" is locked if you play, say on EGS instead of Steam, meaning that you have to switch between the two to access the expansion/content related to the expansion  linked to the other account. "Free Bungie digital rewards" never works, haven't received any exotics/glimmer. The support ticket page takes you to a page only for people that have problems with their Bungie IRL orders, for their hoodies and shirts, and anything for the game is suggested to be posted on the forums.
Well Act man for me as a destiny 2 enjoyer ( i have brain cancer) you got everythong right you criticzising the right points  Solid job like always
3:30 He said the thing.
you dislike destiny new player experience??? you should play Warframe to get a horrible new player experience
Im glad im not the only player who felt completely bewildered returning to this game after a few years off  Exhausting! 😂🤣
Loved it! Keep it up!
this franchise fucking sucks😂i remember trying to give this a shot in 2014, got SO FUCKING bored, hopped back on cod and gta lmao tried giving it a second chance in 2015/16 and then one last chance when destiny 2 came out…. and WOW what a terrible un-fun shitty generic ass game like the fuck was the point of releasing a second one if all they care about is expansions i never understood why tf they would come out with a sequel 3 years later and then for 5 years just stay with their second game it doesnt make any sense like the fuck is up with this stupid ass expansion pack model theyve garnered it makes it confusing as fuck for anyone whos trying to give this game a chance like i had done in the past. destiny fucking sucks chihuahua sphincter
I've never needed more Act Man and Zavala skits to occur until this very moment.
Its kinda sad to think the vast majority of the content at release was just removed from the game in order to free up disk space
I find it funny that Ray J owns Raycon earbuds. Ray J is the guy who made Kim Kardashian famous with the sex tape
I have tried to start playing again durring witch queen release and just recently this season. With over 1000 hours between d1 and d2, it is extremely hard for me to figure out what to do nevermind a new player.
I have to keep vouching for Overlord 2 for the 360, it’s unlike any game you’ve discussed and if you can look past some of the minor bugs like New Vegas and want to laugh the whole time, Overlord 2 is a cult classic. Even if it’s a worthy mention on Actman TV, my heart will be content!
so what dlcs and how much woukd it be to get into destiny 2 rn
Has Act Man played Warframe?
I would love to take you through one of the new raids, Mr. Actman
Next Video a Raid Video !!
Zavala singing blink 182 is something I never knew I needed
Great video man and have a good day everybody :]
Uh oh, the seeds of addiction have started to sprout
"i think i'll come back" soooooo.... you want me to get you into rehab in advance?
I tried jumping back in last year and couldn’t figure out where to go, what to do or why any of it mattered
Let's go
I love how Bungie went from the mind break “Pathways into darkness” and the Marathon trilogy were, to “no shoot gun, no happi plaier= bad”
Using Halo Infinite as blackmail? Jesus Zevala...
I hope you get to do a raid sometime, I can only say this personally but when I completed one for the first time it was a massive dopamine shot. Raids are freaking awesome.
I hate the whole vaulted mechanic, what's the point of buying something if it's going to be forcefully taken away and my money not returned?
Destiny is just firefight for Infinity its fun shooting and everything else is Dumb or just repetitive. 🤣🤣🤣
Welcome to the game we call a second job! We hope you enjoy your stay.  But seriously though Bungie is what I call a one step forward, a step backwards, three to the side, do a backflip, a handstand, and then a default dance into a spin on a Twister board to find out how else they can break/change/adjust. New Lights struggle hard and you are left either looking it up on the subreddit, YT, or getting a sherpa. It needs some serious help.
why is mario and luigi bowsers inside story a masterpiece. ima just leave that here
as someone with only 3,5k hrs on steam... its a love & hate relationship.   But doing raids with friends is always fun.
Destiny 2 I think became so unorganized for new players, that most of my friends didn’t even want to try getting into it
Yesss. The Act Man does Destiny?! Can I sign up twice?!?!?
Ill be honest the only thing stopping me from playing destiny 2 is that the expansions are so ludicrously expensive and the constant sunsetting and removing of old content
It legit feels like everybody tries destiny when their main game turns to shit. Kinda interesting. D2 is my main game because I'm a degenerate addict  Also... A collection of Ikora's feet!? Dude that's a no brainer
If you didn’t stick to destiny 2 for years, it’s not worth getting into it. New comers have it rough.
Talk about the 70% of the game that was sunset Subject #1: 7:30 - 8:30 Funny #1: 9:12 Subject #2: 9:25 Funny #2: 9:55 Subject #3; 10:40  HUGE TAKEAWAY: 20:05
The worst new player experience I’ve ever gone through. I’ve played MMO’s my whole life, but still have no idea what to do in Destiny 2
the question is, did actman get lei'd in hawaii??
now much for that hellspawn emblem code if you still have it⁉️⁉️
The late game grind in Destiny is awful now. There's times where I play all day, doing all pinnacle quests to get my light level up and I maybe go up 1 or 2 levels. I'll get a pinnacle gear and it'll be the same light level as my gloves, meanwhile my guns are a lower light level that I could've gotten that pinnacle gear in. Thus, resulting in wasting my time doing 3 bland strikes. You could do crucible but it's so unbalanced and unfun if you don't have a build strictly for PvP, because you'll just get stomped by someone who only plays PvP. Resulting in me either missing out on content or dragging my team mates down because I don't alter my entire loadout for the PvP mode I'm playing (which is why saved loadouts should be in the game), and if you don't have any of the expansions the game will get dry very, very quickly.
I’m glad Destiny is finally getting mainstream respect after almost 9 years, it’s not a dead game!
I have learned as have many d2 gamers have, that this game is like a highly addictive drug. You hate it. But YOU CAN’T STOP PLAYING IT.
As a Destiny veteran, I can say that the game is worth it once you get passed the terrible new-player system. I swear, if Bungie fixed just that one thing, it would propel the game’s popularity.  Glad you’re enjoying it
12:51 Technically yes. IIRC they were supposed to be the hive before going with the final design, Savathun even has moth like wings.
same here act man. im confused too
As someone who's been playing since literal day 1 on D1, I can honestly say that Destiny is in the best shape it's ever been in.  The work that Bungie has been doing with the writing in game has come a long way just in the last year.  The guns feel fun and not too overpowered, and the abilities at this point are just strong enough to give you that feeling of being a light god.  Plus, with all the added benefits of being able to just make different builds with exotics and mods, the customization level is off the charts.  But, I've also never left the game.  Unfortunately, the new user experience is just terrible.  It's exactly like you said, there are all these different systems in the game now that just aren't explained very well.  And because they vault each years story content at the end of that year, you can't go back and experience the story up to the point you're at in the current game.  I feel like that's just a huge turnoff to anyone trying to get into the game at all.  it's definitely in the best place it's ever been, but only really if you've been around since the beginning.
You should check out the raid deep stone crypts sound track especially deep stone lullaby
I’m glad you haven’t ran into too many bugs and glitches  I can’t say the same  unfortunately
12:55 DEUS EX 1 REVIEW TEASER
Gotta say having Zavala talk about feet was hilarious
The next major expansion they're planning on adding a lot of features to improve the new light experience so that would be a great time for you to come back
I tried going back to Destiny 2. I played when it first came out. I had no idea what was happening in the story. I don't get why they would do that. Seems like a lot of MMO type games do that where they catch you up immediately to the newest expansion. SWTOR. I've heard WoW does that, SWTOR does it, and Destiny does it. That's why I like FF14, I had to start my ass at the beginning (1.0 not included because it was such a flop)
Didn't they take sbmm out of this game? Does it play better, if true?
Okay actually the new respawn system on the high difficulty is a crime. The fact that they don’t let players try to clutch it with one or two players because of some arbitrary timer is the WORST form of faux difficulty. I miss being on the edge of my seat either being or seeing my friends 1v1 the last quarter of a boss or at the very least not being punished for two people getting downed and all of a sudden we have to wipe.
Started d2 in season 15. I now have 900 hours and all expansions except lightfall. Send help
skill issue: the video
Have you played the Ancient Gods DLC for Doom Eternal yet?
I saw someone requested to see The Act Man review the Transformers Cybertron games, I would absolutely love to see that. War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron are incredible games.
Destiny 2 is better than Infinite. Not a high bar though.
the best way to describe this game after 7+ years playing it, "I hate Destiny 2 I play it everyday!" I glad you finally got around to playing and review the game Act Man😁
Started playing again after being so disappointed with Infinite. Hope you keep playing and continue to make content on it
Dang wish I knew you were in Hawaii! 😂
mwII looks pretty good so far i hope launch goes well
Can't wait for "why is femboy besties so AWESOME?"
Warframe is what destiny wish it could be. Probably more complicated but better early game explanations for the core mechanics and a more clear progression through quests, planets, and story
12:50 I to, still want moth people.
I’ve stuck with destiny since the first one launched even at its worst and they state it is in now makes it all worth it.
I never finished D1 years ago and picked up D2 a few months back. I was kinda pissed that the base game doesn't have much story. You have to buy the dlcs.
Uh, Guardian The Bright Engram still exists
Seeing a video about a game you played for 7 straight years by a youtuber you like feels always special
I just wish I could find a level of enjoyment that I used to have in destiny and that it would stay and remain untouched, untainted, unruined. Alongside reworking a particular class so it isn't just the hunter, warlock and sh*tpost. There is only so much sh*t a person will shovel before they quit. I can't remember if that's the exact quote but I'm sure you remember the quote act man. For a level of explanation of what I meant by sh*tpost the class, I understand wanting a class to excel in a particular roll but when that's all it is with little variation it just starts to feel the same and not in a good way. Prime example is mainly Titans Behemoth subclass compared to the striker. Imputwise and functionality they are the exact same. Which is an absolute joke. I could continue but I feel this comment has gone on for enough time as is. I will thank anybody who has read this up to this point and cut myself off. Somewhat like how I need to cut destiny out. That's just how bad it has broken me, but with my experience with classic halo can you blame me for having such a hard time letting go?
Wake up babe new act man video dropped
This video has AVGN energy.
I don't recall this Zavala arc
you cant tell me that the ornaments popup is just fortnite skins
Awful game
NOT THE BOX DONT PUT ME IN THE BOX
Halo dead, Destiny is where it's at.
I would recommend this game to every person on earth if the monetization wasn't terrible. If you haven't been playing the game since launch like me, it's so hard to get in without spending the price of two games. Great game, horrible new player experience.
Where's our gears of war review mr actman
Congrats Act Man, you got me to buy Raycon Everyday Earbuds, and watching the sponsorship ad wearing them just feels so right to me
D2 is not for new players, not at all, it is in fact anti new player. There is so much content you will just never be able to play or see again with their seasonal model, so much fantastic content that's just gone. Content with context that you'll need to play further campaigns and missions, context that you just won't have. It's the major flaw in their current model, the current content is fantastic, but if you weren't there for it at the time you just simply miss out on the ongoing story, loot and lore. I am not joking when I say it is mandatory to watch Byf videos to catch up on all the missed content and even then you'll miss out on a lot of the emotional impact those stories had at the time. The new players probably don't even know who Cayde was and never will for example, a once beloved character lost to time, not even a memory in player's heads.
As much as I want to get into destiny 2. I have no idea where to start or what version to buy. I'm a solo player mainly. Dungeon matchmaking happens at end game. No raids interest me. What version do I play/ but. Help is appreciated. Thank you
I played 5 hours worth with a mate. Nothing was memorable and everything was all over the place... "there is a good game in there" where? after how many hours?
Everyone agrees the new user experiance is garbage. Thankfully they seem to be doing something to improve it in the next expansion. I hope it helps.
Make another valheim video!!!!!!!!!
That cool transition really brings me back
Destiny is still top tier when it comes to visuals, gameplay, and soundtracks for me, hits all 3 of those categories so nicely
Destiny 2 is one amazing game it is so incredible. But the new user experience is a fucking joke they really need to bring the old campaign's back for the new players
1:25 In that case-  Acr Man, not gonna pressure you or anything, but I do know how much you appricate co-op and the intense clean house missions in Modern Warfare 2019,   So I honestly you should check out Ready Or Not  Calling it increadible is an understatement in my opinion, and I personally thibk it is something you should check out
I HAVE BEEN ASKING FOR THIS FOR 3 YEARS!! FINALLY!!
I keep forgetting not everone has commited all of the destiny wiki to memory over nearly 8 years, I learned just recently how truly complex it all is through the eyes of new players due to me guiding several friends through the game over the last few months.   Excellent video though, great points and very entertaining. Glad you decided to revisit this excellent Stockholm syndrome simulator. And I hope you enjoy the raids, they are about the only reason I still play.
I want you to play through beyond light then get back to me
I thought this game was awful. Lol,
Haven't watched yet but YASSSSS you're finally playing Destiny again 😄 I've been really enjoying it recently. 🤞 Hope you go easy on it!
Maybe try warframe its fun to
I didn't understand a single one of your points, I was too busy laughing at all the Zavala memes.
still an alcoholic?
Trying to get into Destiny 2 is like the equivalant of getting into a new show but only being able to start in the middle of season 5 or something. Like, I have no idea whats going on storywise or who any of the characters are or why I should care about them. And as much as I liked the gameplay, that alone isn't enough for me to get invested in a game, so after about 4 hours or so I just uninstalled.
That music playing at 11:00 is amazing, what's the name of it?
You gotta play with zanny next time lol
If you play this game alone and don't have friends you are like f this s**t I'm out
Subbed for the flawless ad transitions.
I completely agree. If you don't have a Destiny veteran helping you learn the mechanics and to help guide you, your chances of getting into destiny are close to none. The new player experience is just awful. Don't know if you saw Sweatcicle's video but he said it best:  First step "oh I just did the new light mission and learned the basics of the game" next step "oh I just acquired my first armor set and I'm ready to do my first dungeon" next step "oh I did my first dungeon and getting ready for my first raid" and so on and so forth. The game should be a stepping stone system but it's missing the stairs it has only 2 stairs. Step 1 New Light experience and then rest of the game good luck man. Might as well throw your grapple hook and try to climb your way up good luck.
The thingy in the helm was to make newer players be able to access the main content sooner btw
18:45 they didn’t get rid of bright engrams they just made it more predatory
Yeah... the new user experience is absolutely awful and Bungie doesn't even try to entice you to play the game as a new player, because they know they have the original audience already by the balls. Tried to get back into it after years of not playing (since release basically), got thrown into the intro to Destiny 1 for some reason but was like "alright, maybe the story will just pick up from here instead of that really awesome opening it had on release". After that intro, I had no idea what to do next, so it offered me a mission but I had to buy a DLC for it. I was like, fine, the game's free, so paid DLC I can live with. Twas 60 bucks btw. Suddenly I am thrust into a completely different story that I have no idea who the fuck the characters are, why some of them are dying, who the enemies are etc.  After that I uninstalled it. I'm sure for the existing base that grew with teh game it's an awesome experience but it is legitimately GARBAGE as a new player. Unfun in every aspect.
Why deprive a man his feet pics, Guardian? Why?
This game deserves to be left in the dust where it belongs.
thankfully the next exspansion is bringing a hugely improved new player experience
The fortnite skin collab looked cool though imo 🤷🏽‍♂️ shame , I liked destiny when it first dropped just there wasent enough there too keep me playing..🤷🏽‍♂️ was fun but would all of a sudden go,brutally insane like that’s actually what people wanna play or sum shit… I can hold my own in games but there comes a point 😂 grinding for a weapon too use for a couple hours before it becomes a sponge blaster wasent for me either.. just got boring fast😴
I still don't get sunsetting because half of what they took out they just put back in as smaller segments and responded areas your in for 5 minutes. Really sucks to not have the raids from the sunset expansions since raids are some of the only content enjoyable to half the endgame population
now review Oblivion Acting Male
14:05 They kind of did with ketchcrash Because you’re on two different ships that fire cannons at each other then you go on the board and raid them.  16:10 that’s why they design dungeons to be in between strikes and raids
the glitch you saw with a  floating cabal isnt all that much of glitch, i mean it is, but it happens when killing something with void sometimes and it kinda just gets written off as "void shit" lool
Exepcionally entertaining video dude haha, good to have You back Act Bro :D
Another thing I get super overwhelmed with in destiny is the campaign stories
Just tried Red Dead Redemption 1 for the first time and honestly… I thought it was just okay. Fun at times but the main story was not very intriguing
Destiny 2 is a good game but it's far from being F2P The amount of time and money you have to sink into the game is absurd. What's worse is that it feels like Bungie does whatever it can to screw the players over, even more in the pvp community.
It’s okay, I play this game everyday and I too have no fucking clue what I’m doing.
Why is this filmed like a old review it's so good
Oh my god Zanny got to you too
I hope this video never finds Lance Riddick 🤣
Voice actor of zavala is also in paradise pd on Netflix. First appearance in paradise pd is agent clappers
You should try ULTRAKILL
Welcome back from hawaii
heeeeyyllp
"it's good with friends" ah yes i can say the same about literly any game that allows coop.
Zavala is my new favorite character in the Acting Male Cinematic Universe.
Bro’s so fucking smooth with the ad read
My gamer tag is Sonic Bobo on Xbox, ring me an invite if you need help. Fr it would be my pleasure to teach thee act man how to play d2. Clan is also Fish HQ
Lol the witch queen is a giant moth
I play destiny ever day and I can’t wait for light fall destiny is best played with your mates solo can be rough . So when light fall comes in game matching and finding people to play with will just get better . As a cute I’m here for what destiny is giving.
act man, you dont have to make a video on it but i just wanna know, have you ever touched a borderlands game?
Man the first destiny was so iconic. The taken king literally had me playing for hours without sleep in sight. Bungie really shot themselves in the foot with the second one. Cade’s death made no sense, pointless dlcs, weak villain and so much more I just couldn’t play destiny 2 at all. It sucked everything out of what made destiny fun to begin with.
I have been playing destiny 2 for years its a great game and has improved a lot somethings are still very annoying but again the game is pretty great.
Still waiting for Bungie to come up with something that would make me want to reinstall destiny 2.
I was not expecting that =3 transition what an oddly nostalgic callback
Can confirm Hades is goated
So, as addressed in the Lightfall reveal, Bungie announced a New Light (what they call new players) experience coming to the game that gives you a path of progression and (seemingly as it's still in concept) a way that helps you understand what you're looking at. It'll be free for everyone and will tie in with their in-game LFG that they're also making. For me personally, that covers my only real complaints about the game. I'm satisfied with the money I spend, I get tons of new cool things to do and accomplish, more additions to my favorite game story and a fun gameplay loop that I can hop on every once in a while and play as much as I want. It isn't for everybody, but it certainly is a game for me and my friends to enjoy
Cannot wait for femboy Friday
@ The Act Man Can you review Red Dead Redemption 2? That game is a masterpiece!
Personally I have been playing Destiny for years and I still love it. It has for sure had its ups and downs but I feel like it’s in a really great place right now. I am genuinely happy you’ve decided to give it another try. Eyes up guardian!
goddamn pappa zuzu got me on a nostalgia trip for arby n the chief lol
the only time i had fun while playing this game was with my friend and some dude on an ice planet opened a space butthole to a vex simulation or something like that
...say u don't do research without saying you didn't do research lol
im so glad you have covered Destiny 2. Release it was terrible. But how good Destiny 1 was, always held hope. This review will give me the details i need. Good to see you back properly brother <3
This is actually great timing. The next large Expansion, Lightfall, is coming in February and the one of the main features is a better, more detailed new player experience. Bungie also said they are no longer going to vault content
I love Destiny and Destiny 2, my favorite game rn. It's one of the only games of its kind that's still alive, such an addictive world. I love Destiny.
i am like you after halo died i rebooted destiny 2 after 4 years and after 2 months im still playing its taken over the place of halo infinite wish is a bitter sweet thing.
There's been a suspicious amount of feet jokes in Actman's videos over the past couple months. 🤨
WAIT YOY DIDNT DO LEGENDSRY EDITION!!!!!!!!!
Best in years, or dumpster fire, no in-between.
Act man should use this as an audition for robot chicken video game edition
14:30 😂 it works. Ya sure. It’s the same engine from 2014
Bro HADES is so good
Would you recommend Femboy Besties over Elden Ring?
Been wanting to get into Destiny 2 for about a year now but like Act Man said, it all seems just so overwhelming. I played a lot of the first Destiny, but really just enjoyed the Crucible and sometimes doing raids.
The reason I keep playing D2 is because of its gameplay, it scratches an itch that no other FPS can really get at. At times I get tired of playing it... but it always *always* drags me back in
With the new expansion releasing next year, Bungie will also revemp the new player experience. Hope it's as good as it sounds. It is basically one of the only problems I have left with the game. Glad you're enjoying your time here guardian.
You were in hawaii??? awww man 🥺 I couldve gotten a picture lmao
So here's how you start out, start with the witch queen campaign, do it on legend if youre giga chad. do vanguard strikes, pvp, never do gambit, get to the soft cap which is like 1560 or 1570, then do powerful and pinnacle quests to get to 1580 so you can do higher level nightfalls, do seasonal quests and bounties while youre at it and youre having fun
Halo (2.5) review
That analogy of blizzard taking out WoL and HoTS, then telling the player to figure it out is the most accurate way I've ever heard about new players trying to follow the story of Destiny.
I bought and played destiny 2 before it went free to play, beat the main quest and the first DLC fully. My reward for backing them before free to pay is nothing. That killed it for me. Why is their no reward or icon for actually beating your damn game bungie?
Been a void Hunter main since year 1... The game was rough, but has truly turned a corner... It's my main game now. Do help new players time to time, and ya it's actually intimidating the amount of actual content... Just going for certain exotics can be kinda rough.
The season system in this game made me quit for a while. I got burned out FAST.
SO... destiny 2, what do i think about it (almost have 10k+ hours) enough said :)
look at the marcostyle tutorial if you are struggling, it's outdated but applies
I've been thinking about going back
I love your Act Man but no offense there is a lot of content that you didnt really explore in the game. Theres Trials, Gambit, GM Nightfalls, Raids, Seasonal Activities, Dungeons, Cruicible, etc. You didnt explore the majority of the game and just mostly focused on Story stuff, which is the weakest imo.
Admittedly the new player experience is the worst part of destiny 2. THANKFULLY they said they will try and improve it next year in Lightfall
As a guardian who kept playing just enough I feel like bringing new players in is so difficult to get them caught up and explain everything plus the price of all the DLC’s is insane. Feel like you should just be able to purchase the latest for more if you don’t have em to get all of them which would still be cheaper then all separate.
Thanks for explaining the issues for new players like me.
After coming back into Destiny 2 i am having a blast, but this is accurate af... the user experience for new or returning players is atrocious ....
Worst choice ever.
Ngl, the mini Zavala was probably one of the funniest skits you’ve done. “Where are you?! And I’m so sorry! I cannot loot I cannot shoot tonight!” 🎶
who's gonna tell him about the PAX West emblem that everyone has?
Act monkey
the game came back and I am glad to see that because I love the game but love bungie more
The best thing about this video was Zavala, he NEEDS to get out of the box
I like the blink-182 parody song @ 14:42
This game is trash. Destiny 2 is a DLC for the first Destiny. And those DLC's for 30$/€ are a joke! Especially when you paid 60$/€ for the game in general. Destiny 2 is basically the first game with only a few new things but about 90% is from the first game which looks only a little bit different! The first game was better with all, layout, bounties, weapons, light system, etc.  Destiny 1 was my first game on PS4 and I loved but what they did to the players in Destiny 2 is unforgivable!☝
"I shoot therefor I'm" is the best definition of a Guardian that I have ever heard.
Destiny 2 just felt like such a time waster the way the game is structured sucks, its like look! the same gear or weapon u already have but sligthly stronger, borderlands 2 is so much better
Thank god for act man, seriously borderline my favorite gaming YouTube channel now a days, it’s the consistency in uploading and quality that’s won me over tbh, lots of great channels make this style of content but for some reason it seems super common to only post once (if that) a month, I get the work they put in, I’m just saying act man has the perfect balance between video essays and comedy gaming videos of the past like avgn. Keep killing the game acting male!
Where's the digimon video???
I play Destiny 2 just once... and then I didn't play anymore.
the funniest video this man has done.
Femboy Besties is overrated.  There.  I said it.
Playing Destiny is the best way to throw shade at current Halo
Hey, Actman, if you have a vr headset can you review bone lab, is coming out this Thursday and I’m sure it’s gonna be revolutionary
I'd love to see Zavala become a regular to your channel dude he's funny af😂
My condolences
The reason why I quit Destiny 2 was because of all the vaulting and sun setting and all that garbage. Like Act Man said I understand Bungie lightening the load on the amount of gigabytes this game can pack but at the same time those were expansions I paid for with my money and, to my knowledge at least, I’m unable to play what those expansions had to offer.
I would love to hear you try to explain the plot
Welcome back now you can never leave
Ok Actman after 4 years you finally review Destiny 2. But you have yet to do any of the Arkham Series games. What up with that?
Destiny 2 is amazing, it just sucks it has *the* worst new player experience in any video game ever. Personay, there are 2 main causes:  1) Content Vaulting 2) Light Level  1) Because they vaulted all the old content to make space, the game is over 100 GB and any more would be a massive inconvenience for most people, the story is all disjointed and confusing. Before, you'd have a coherent story, now they just give you multiple campaigns and tell you to figure it out yourself.  2) Same with light level, because you start at the minimum light level, which is 1350 with the latest DLC, it basically means you have access to most content out the gate, with old content being a joke because you already have such a high light level.   I've been playing Destiny since TTK, about 2015, and it's one of my favourite game series of all time, but jumping in as a new player into D2 is a massive nightmare. Thankfully, Bungie announced they'd stop vaulting old content so now we might get a coherent new light experience.
Honestly it’s better than modern day halo
You don't understand Act man, Zavala wants Caiatl's feet pics
You should do a bioshock infinite review
With Microsoft restructuring 343's management, it gives me a tiny bit of hope that Halo infinite could become relevant again in the future.  If Bungie could save the shit show that was Destiny 1 and 2 at release, then why couldn't Microsoft do the same for Halo? Right now it's not a good spot, but if they made some serious changes to 343's leadership, there needs to be a bit of hope besides forge
Challenge for the Act Man: Play good worthwhile games and review them instead of making more videos about shit games (very hard)
As someone who never really left D1 or D2 through it's years, the game has boiled down to just Raids and Dungeons for me.  Otherwise, I don't find myself engaged with the other content (with the exception of WQ campaign and the freelance Trials weeks)
While I still don’t enjoy them vaulting half the game, I think D2 is in one of the best states it’s ever been in. I’ve been sucked in and it won’t let go, but I’m fine with that. Also Acting Male id definitely recommend doing the Deep Stone Crypt raid. It’s mechanics are pretty easy to grasp and it’s such a cool raid. Tons of good loot too.
Destiny 2 cost a dignity of expansion.
Destiny is the best game you don't recommend to a friend. It is just such a poor experience for new players that end up having no idea what is going on.
-Play for a couple of hours -Barely know what the hell i'm doing -Buy the Witch Queen DLC -Still no idea, but look at that sweet loot -Refuse to investigate on my own or even listen the game's dialogues to know what the hell is going on -Keeps playing for hundreds of hours anyway
I hate Destiny 2....It's my favourite game!
Pretty happy to see you enjoying destiny, man. It's definitely more fun when you have friends or just people in general to play with.
I played this game a year ago with a few friends, and we had a really fun time! I think thats mainly because one friend played this game before and knew what we needed to do so we only shot things and messed arround
I recently quit and refuse to play anymore. Not because the game is bad but the opposite. Like many other games, Destiny has fomo. The difference between Destiny and other games is that the end game content minus seasonal activities are so darn good you get addicted and stay addicted.  It can literally take over your life.
It would be interesting to get your thoughts about joining an LFG and doing a raid at some point. You definitely get both sides of the community there, if you know what I mean.
nice hair!
Actman returns to Destiny?! There are those who said this day would never come...  Bungie sorely needs to address accessibility for new and returning players. A lot of people have complained about it so I'm sure it's somewhere on the list. But yeah they've definitely made some impressive strides since year one.
1:03 mi guy be using cuirass of the falling star with hammer of sol
Love the video it was amazing I wasn't surprised that you were overloaded by the mass amount of content user interfaces and locations it would be a lot to process especially to new and returning players and as I watch you play with your friends it does look fun with friends I only played with a family member a couple times but ever since I got destiny for free on the PlayStation Store I've been a solo player and believe me playing solo is a lot harder than playing with the group you cant do raids dungeons are significantly harder but it does have its benefits you can enjoy the peaceful planets the music and you get to say everything you've earned you earned with your own Blood Sweat and Tears like doing your first piece of endgame content you can say you beat that by yourself and they reward you get is yours and yours alone
Why is it that everyone i see has a squad of friends exept me, one of the only things i want in life is friends, why cant i have that
No crucible?!
The new player experience in D2 is still pretty fucking awful and it makes me mad.
ive always been a big fan of destiny, thats why the new player experience isnt something thats bothered me all that much. however it is the games biggest weakness right now, they need something like an offline mode or a secondary "game" thats separate to destiny but has all the old expansions and call it destiny legends or something like that. luckily content vaulting isnt a thing anymore, so once youre past the current new player experience youre in for a great time
Coming back to destiny 2 after the failure that was halo felt like a breath of fresh air
If I jumped back into it, I would have to grind for hours for stupid shit. Not worth it
Glad to see you’ve backtracked on your opinions since your original (I was wrong about destiny 2) video aged like milk. If only Renn was as intelligent 😒
my man really loves monty python for transitions huh
I immediately thought of IHE when you mentioned Moth People. 😂
Why is this video so god damn funny? Anyway glad that you gave the game another shot. I got into it about a year and a half ago and it's been an incredible experience ever since.
The game is just kinda bad it feels like there is nothing to do even though there is so much technically available. It’s very repetitive and boring, and simple problems they haven’t fixed. Also it sucks that after like 4 years you still can’t play an old dlc without buying it. I will admit the campaign for Witch Queen was much better than all the other campaigns because it adds an actual story and a harder difficulty but that’s the bare minimum of what a campaign should be anyway
Oh you're Armor 2.0 lost Yeah you are in for some shit Also Floating corpses aren't a bug at this point Bungie's just left them in the game because its funny
act man sounded like a new light the entire video 😂
My problem with Destiny has always been the same. I simply don’t know anyone who plays the game, much less 5 other guys to make a raid group. I miss out on tons of content.  Also, on the rare moments I do find people, I get kicked for not having tried the raid before. Like, can I atleast try?  It feels so dumb sometimes. They never really nailed down a two player co op experience that is comparable to halo 2 on heroic/legendary. We often complain that Halo Infinite can’t figure out co op, I don’t really like Destiny for requiring six players.
Most gear can definitely be leveled up to current levels
Best game, just so hard to get into
I don't think there is a single D2 player that will tell you that the new player experience is good. the community collectively agrees that Bungie needs to get off their ass and fix it. On top of that, I think that the game has the same issue as warframe (to a lesser extent) where there are too many systems in the game and not enough/none at all tutorials to show you what stuff does.
I hate that bungie vaults paid content
i just got back into it after taking a break and i think thats the best way to play it finish the expansion/season that comes with the expansion then come back when there is a season that seems interesting. im loving the pirate theme and having a blast! now raids are grindable so when i get all the raid exotics ill have my fill till light fall!
It's So refreshing to see the act man not talking shit about Destiny🔥👌🏻
Can't wait for Femboi Besties heard from a friend its great
I don't even have time to tell you why I don't even have time.
I learned my lesson a long time ago.. i will not return to this sub par noncier but i'm not gonna get mad at people who like to eat poop.. if you like it then fine XD
1:26 biggest W in act man's career
Biggest problem is they force you to do whatever is current but expect you to understand all these names and lore happening. I absolutely despise how they crap on each story campaign and the universe as a whole by just having people skip more and more in favor of the current event
Been playing sense launch and I still don’t know what I’m doing.
Act Man, please do a video of why Black Mesa is so awesome!!!
See this is why I mostly collect Transformers figures, they have more interesting things to say other than just "shoot and get loot".....also they keep their fetishes to themselves....
I enjoy the act man, but I'm not subbed. That being said I typed in Destiny 2 to find some new content on it, and lo and behold The Act Man uploaded a video on my favorite game. All that being said, I'm subbed!
This is literally why I've never played destiny
Great content as usual thx for the entertainment
Hell. Yes. Son. It’s about time, Acting Male-Man. Get on this grind! I still have fun meeting/ playing with rando’s and blueberries
How did he get Lance Reddick to cameo on this video?
Act man plz do a raid with friends. You will love it
I am glad to see you coming back to Destiny 2 again. As a solo player who has played this game since Forsaken, it almost feels like D2 has evolved into an entirely different game. Even though to this day the game still has some rough edges such as the new light experience, I personally think that the game has  gotten better, and thankfully we are getting some QOL updates with the next expansion coming, such as loadouts and in-game LFG. I've been wanting to help new players get through some of the endgame content and this will definetely help me out a lot.
Spent years forgetting Destiny 2 was a thing, and then Halo infinite happened… and you know the rest. Destiny 2 is just filling in the experience Halo Infinite is missing for me, and should be a good substitute until Infinite proves it’s worth.  It is just shooting with objectives that lead to more shooting… but with how much is thrown at the player, I don’t mind simply just shooting 😅
New experienc is terrible I agree. So sa.d glad I joined before free to play
Also, is it just me or did destiny as a series feel like a more polished game with a worse narrative compared to borderlands: The pre sequel... I feel as though that's their ultimate objective
Garbage content. Unsubscribed
Never thought I’d say this, but the reason i have stuck with Destiny 2 the most, is actually how amazing the story has gotten since the beyond light expansion.
WYM it just works, have you heard of our lord telesto and his son, quicksilver?
Nice
I played again with Witch Queen and it has been fantastic even with the learning curve of learning the user interface! I'm feeling passionate for a Bungie game for the first time in years
You gotta do the campaign on legendary
Play with Zanny
=3
Lately i had an itch for Destiny 2... But then I remembered what a clusterduck clownfiesta raids were... and now eh..
It’s a shame you didn’t take/share a screenshot of the “actman son of god, review rdr2” messages.
It’s always interesting to see new and returning players struggle and not know what the hell to do in this game as someone who has been playing for five years and never stopped.
Oh boy.  Your head would explode trying to play Division 2 as a brand new player
ok i will state love the video act man i will say tho do check out light falls show case cause they did anounce allot reguarding of what to do when u come in the game
I always take a break from times to times but I come back for that special experience during dungeons and raids that you get.
Guardian. I wasn't having fun watching this video, Because i stopped shooting
How was the nice 150 dollars you had to drop to get all the content?
D2 kinda works like this Casual = multiplayer Hardcore = solo. Even a legendary mission is easy when you got a full team.
I just want to see a compilation of the Zavala voice that you guys have done through that recording session
I never recommend new players for the game as you have no idea what is going on and the grind has already started
i lost my interest in d2 after forsaken. between the need to run raids requiring a raid group and all the stats to keep up with, its become too much. i miss the simplicity of destiny 1 at its peak.
Papa zuzu
Been waiting for this one
That video was so epic i decided not to eat and keep playing destiny for another week. Thank you act man
I hate destiny. It's my favorite game.  Such is our mantra.  Really though the game (minus some parts of crucible) is in the best place it's ever been. Can be hard getting your footing but once you do and get some friends to play with it's amazing. Best feeling guns of any modern game imo.
Umm... I have found my true calling. Years of soul searching, and I  now dedicate my life to the extinction of ALL weasels.   The fact that destiny is still going strong while multiple games crash and burn every year is amazing.
“..starving guardians in Africa” lmfao
As a former Destiny 1/2 hater, I have to say, stick with the game, I started playing after ARMOR 2.0 was introduced and it made a huge difference, I tried both D1 and Vanilla D2 and they were boring as @#$%, luckily Bungie learned their lesson and turned the game around. For me personally I think the Which Queen is the best Campaign Bungie have crafted after Halo 3 hands down.
Bungie just rub me the wrong way far too many times for me to get back into Destiny   Vaulting content people paid for and cutting up pieces of content and making you pay for it.  Bungie are experts of FOMO and time cost fallacy. It's just not something I wanna get into.  Gunplay is superb though
nah but fr play hades
Did yoy do any raids
THEY DELETE EXPANSIONS
I am afraid to download this on steam now.
anyone else notice he just has a hellspawn emblem code just sitting around
I love destiny 2, but I didn't play at launch I waited till just before Forsaken Caz best buy had base with dlcs for $10.
Forsaken was the egsr ever. Year 2 was vest ever in destiny
This is probably the only time I actually enjoyed watching the sponsorship sections, that was hilarious
The micro transaction and doc cost are the worst part
Destiny 2 is definitely not very friendly to new players and solo players. I used to play a lot more and had a good time and grinded wayyy too much, but with school and work and everything and clans being toxic af 90% of the time I just stopped for a while, now I just be playing it casually alone for an hour or two at a time
If you plan on playing other games d2 ain't for you
As somoene who has over 4000 hours i tottaly agree with ur points
So happy to see this video, I've been a huge destiny fan since I left the halo franchise. This game is highly underrated and in such a positive place.  If they added a subscription plan to access all content a month at a time while also having an option to out right buy content as it releases, i think it fixes a lot of the issues with destiny. As they plan on fixing most of the other gripes that new players have with getting into this game
First Critikal is coming back to Destiny 2 and now The Act Man, I must be dreaming
Current day Destiny 2 is what Destiny 3 would’ve looked like. Everything has been updated and polished. Sure it’s not beginner friendly and can be hard to casually play, but it’s really hitting the spot especially with friends. Glad to see people are getting back into it
I‘d love to play Destiny 2 again but the intrusive Anti cheat that they implemented not too long ago is a no go for me.  Like I don‘t understand why they can‘t use a server sided anti cheat just like almost everyone else...
its a communal complaint that the new and returning player experience needs considerable work, but at its core this game is just way too god damn fun just shooting alien's and bullying friends
Unfortunately, the "New Player Experience" died with the removal of the campaign.  And no, forced DLC isn't campaign, cope seethe mald and dilate.
YAYYYY!!!
the Zavala voices killed me 😂
My parents were just in hawaii…. What part were you in?
You know this is funny cause I just got back into D2 recently about a month ago so this is as good time as any to go through it with Tanned Act Chad man to go into it
As one of the addicts this upload felt like an exotic drop
Welcome back guardian you’ve been missed
I personally have zero interest in returning to D2, but you do you.
Now imagine playing halo infinite over this, makes you think
14:43 AMV stands for 'Act Man Vocals'
Your destiny 2 guy voice sounds like cameron from ferris buelers day off when he calls the principal 😂
Every act man video, i see the destiny 2 posters etc and wonder “when will he return to d2 years after launch?”
The transition into the advert was "chefs kiss"
I would also agree tho getting into the game is so tough, they don't explain much at all.
im still playing and ive never stopped playing destiny, its a great game
I been wondering if you been playing. Havent watched the vid yet but bungie really stepped up. Cant stop playing now.
What weird timing. I started playing Destiny 2 for the first time about a week ago.
I’ve been waiting for this video
the transformers cybertron games are awesome
Your not truly a destiny player if you don’t wear a maid outfit while streaming
Honesty I let go of the game a few years ago because the grind just wore me out. I always worked to have the best gear and best stats. But now that I’m coming back to it in the more recent months I realize now that all I wanted was just a game I could mindlessly shoot things. Most other games I play don’t offer the kind of relaxing gameplay Destiny has. Sure I might just be running around shooting at anything that moves but it’s genuinely hard nowadays to find a game with a more satisfying game loop. Plus I miss my old armors and guns so having them back and newer toys doesn’t hurt either.
Having been playing for the past 5 years I can agree with everything said in this video. Glad to have you back big man.
I'm just commenting to help the act man
yaaaaaaasssss thanks for giving my favourite game another try!
I'm a destiny veteran who has stopped playing since they vaulted forsaken I'm just not comfortable investing money in a game when that content I paid money for can just get removed if the content  was free wouldn't bug me but that was a large scale paid expansion  with major plot events new players can't play now
If you keep playing check out aztecross’s channel
Was hoping to get another d2 vid from ya
You have to be picky in today's market tho too. These companies are out here pulling the wool over our eyes left and right. I've recently picked up D2 again and I've actually been enjoying it which is rare.
Does anyone else think that Acting Males impression of the bald smurf sounds like TTS Rogal Dornan? (I will NEVER move on)
So hyped to hear you talking about Destiny again I love this game so much glad people are realizing it’s taking steps in the right direction (and if you can get past the god awful new player experience this game becomes something special imo)
As an 8 year destiny veteran, Destiny 2's new player experience is in fact utter garbage. You ain't getting anywhere unless you have a friend who knows what they're doing to guide you.
“Vex smoking memelord” lmfao
GOAT SPONSOR SEGUE  reminds me of Arby and the chief. ❤
Tbh act man u can make those earbuds into a exotic meme glad u tried it out again tho
“Vex smoking memelord” lmfao
God I’m getting deja cuz to when I hopped back into Warframe a few years ago. It was the same exact feeling of, well this looks really fun, but wtf do I do?
Destiny 2 went from Trash to gold in 7 years*
Glad to see you’re giving the game another chance!
Destiny has become one of those games where you kind of get a daily habit of what to do, and then target farming specific gear for either crafting or god rolls. It's really good, but incredibly repetitive and can get grindy really quick. FOMO is very real too
TF2 video NOW
Damn... first sponsor add I have ever watch til the end.
I agree that the new player experience is bad but that should change when light fall releases.
it’s fun but gets incredibly boring after a few weeks.  pvp is complete shit and for some reason they balance the pve with pvp, so it’s just a fucked up mess.  it’s also incredibly lame that you HAVE to use discord to play all the more difficult content.  i guess they’re too busy spending those billions of dollars on designing shitty-looking armour sets than just adding a simple lobby system.
I can't help but imagine Zanny having a hand in all of this.
This is so relevant cus I started playing again 2 weeks ago. Been off of it for 5 years
Respectfully warmind was the beginning of the game turning around. Double primary was still ass, but the activity escalation protocol and the power of both the ikelos weapons and Whisper of the Worm made that shit so fun. Fuck curse of Osiris tho
I’m glad your enjoying destiny 2. I hope you enjoy what’s to come.
As a Titan player, it's so cool that you got dad to be in this video
13:08 killed me 😭😭😭
AAACT MAN YOURE JUST TALKING ON THE VIDEOOO YOU SHOULD BE SHOOTING   YOU SHOULD BE SHOOTING TO HAVE FUN
Trust me when I say this, it's good until you hit a very specific point. At that point it all goes downhill  Which is ironic because it's the opposite of how Destiny 1 is.
Waiting for that Yugioh video...
Is this the act man?
I hope the Act Man isn’t totally forgone like I was in Destiny 2. In all seriousness, the game has improved a lot ever since the Forsaken DLC and their split from Activision, I met so many good friends in destiny 2 and I’m thankful because of this game, took me out on a dark place in my life
I bought this game the beginning of sept...i dont know how, but i have never EVER spent money in a in game store until this game wtaf. Fml, i like the shooty
Welcome to where most Halo players went, good to have ya
I am what you may call "Destiny vet". Playing on and off since release.. Love hate relationship and all that. It is sad but Destiny is in a place where it is awful for new players and really good for people like me, someone who kept up with it for years. I think I speak for many other guardians when saying that I would really like to invite my friends to the game but I just don´t bother because I know it´s pointless.
I recommend seeing how the game will be when this next expansion comes out. It will add in game lfg and custom load outs and will really bring more people together to group up.
5:24 He said the thing!
To be fair Lightfall will be adding a "Guardian Rank" system which will help guide players throughout the game.
Act man  can you see how cold war is now please
Not gonna lie, destiny has always been so damn trash imo
I love the fresh cut homie.
Good on ya dude, a little R&R does ya reeal good . Any chance on doing a Gears of War review. Would love ur opinion on the franchise. I personally had allot fun with the coop with friends 🤘🏼
I've never understood the charm of this game. Visuals are good, but the gameplay is insanely boring. The weapons are lame, they're all samey, lame versions of the same stuff, the loot is lame, the progression confusing, the abilities don't captivate me. The story is incredibly boring, uninspiring and all you basically do is press mb1 on stuff that moves. No tactic at all, except taking cover when you're low on health. Not very engaging to me. Really tried to get into it multiple times, since I normally like looter shooters and with my friends, too and we all found it stupendously boring. It's just not the game for me. I'd rather play borderlands for the 6th time then play an hour of destiny.
It certainly is a different game now. But I enjoy it a lot more.
When they were doing the warthog run tune! 🤣🤣 "Doudou doudouu, doudou doudou."
Destiny will always be my favorite game, but poor new players have to get through the TERRIBLE start in order to get to the good stuff
Inb4 The Act Man rates all Destiny 2 Raids
Do hope you try to stream MW2 beta again, would be nice to see and hear someone else's opinion on the game to see if it's not just me with feelings towards it.
Great, now can we have a borderlands 2 review. Thanks Would like to see Act man play the uvhm endgame and raid bosses
Bungie needs to revamp the tutorial system and the new light free to play experience because a lot of players who say they’re new, always, and I mean, ALWAYS, come to D2 forums asking what the heck they have to do or how something works like subclass 3.0 for example. It’s not very welcoming to newer players or those like Act Man who return after a hiatus. It is one of Destiny’s biggest issues because while it has a large player base, it has issues roping in new players.
Man of acting what happened to the stream yesterday?
I like how you literally asked how to craft weapons while the literal tutorial was on the screen that you could have read. Nice to see you go back though. One thing I'd also say is Destiny is a very community driven game. If you're confused about what to do then feel free to ask people. More often than not people are willing to point you in the right direction. Again like you have said in your Halo videos the community is what helped to make Halo so special and the same mentality can be applied to Destiny.
I have to say your Zavala impersonation is great
play what you find intrinsically motivating. It basically "reviews itself" by how much time you spend with a game.
Brand new Destiny 2 player here and my god this is so accurate. If the gameplay itself weren't so fun I would have quit in frustration.
This game sure does something to you.
Pog act man playing destiny 2 feels weird
do one of these for warframe please. it’s another game with terrible new player experience.
I grew out of the destiny 2 stage. It’s such a good game but man it feels so repetitive when they take all your loot and make you grind for it again
Everyone is going back.
As a destiny weapon, you made all very valid points, but as a toxic player, f off Act Man (lmao jk dude you are correct and I appreciate you)
If I become a gaming channel Can I take 4skin gaming
Would love to play this game with friends 🥲
As someone eho just got back in after a year off. Good to see yah here Guardian.
Honestly speaking as someone who has been playing for years I still can't fathom how people get into the game nowadays. The new player experience literally does not exist and I pray for those who want to understand the game because good luck understanding every aspect of this mess
Woah. Never seen Act Man sit on his couch before.
Zavala bit needs to stick around.  That's the best meme of the month.
I feel like this game is in a good spot and a bad spot at the same time.  returning players having to regrind gear and exotics they already own and waiting for the robot to sell you mods keep lapsed players from diving back in.
Well the new user experience should improve with light fall, they are changing a LOT of stuff then.
i love that =3 reference
I just started playing this franchise about 3 weeks ago. I've had more fun playing it in those 3 weeks than I have in Halo the last 10 years. Destiny 2 is a fantastic game. But yes, the new user experience is horrible. Had I not had both of my brothers, who are experienced Destiny players, to walk me through everything, I would have been absolutely lost. The game does a terrible job of telling you what you need to do, where you need to go, what is/isn't important, why things are happening, what things are for, etc.
Hey act, u should do a titanfall 2 campaign review its amazing
Bright engrams still exist, but after you reach 100 in the season pass
"Foreskin Gaming" had me dying. Gave me flashbacks of the good and old xbox live lobbies.
welcome back!
One sad thing. Due to sunsetting, you probably lost the chance of playing Forsaken, the best year Destiny 2 ever had. And yes, new light and retuning players get the boot threatment, you'll be lost and... that's good, that's intentional. Do yourself a favor and... find a fire team, it's all you'll need to do.
Your transitions to a sponsor segment are absolutely fucking incredible.
Holy fuck.. I actually wasn't expecting Act Man to ever return to Destiny. Its actually good to see him now seing as its improved so fucking much compared to his last video. Glad to see thus.
The new player experience might be worse than warframe, it hurts me to say this but if you can slog past this the game is alright
They f’d the new players with vaulting. Destiny youtubers were ok with it too. Idiots.
What do u think of mw2. The beta is a W imo
Poor guy
As someone new to Destiny 2. Sitting in the main menu just...staring...wondering what to do and where... Overwhelming is definitely a good word. That and I usually play by myself, I'm sure I'd be less overwhelmed when a friend who plays the game a lot dragged me into a game lol
This game literally taught me how bad addiction is
First, the Zan Man, and now the Acting Male 😔     welcome back to the best toxic relationship
We need a compilation of all the start shooting jokes in this video!😂
If you've been playing since the beggining D2 is one of the best and most feature rich games on the market where you can build craft and enjoy a really great story experience. However if you're new it's really really hard to penetrate the wall and that to me is a real shame. I love D2, but it's almost impossible to recomend.
Skip to 5:50 if you don’t wanna waste your time
8:03 arent these fortnite skins??
My problem with this game is that they deleted half of their content. And sunset amour and weapons. All that grind and time wasted. But mostly I lost money. I bought their base game. And all their dlc up to forsaken. And those unlucky souls who spent £60 for the 3 package dlc, gambit prime and the other 2. That got purge. The content they deleted effected so much. Time, money and content. There were good content. Like the quest for getting whisper of the worm or outbreak prime. They are gone now which sucks because the mission was fun and challenging to do. Also the second quest for them, so make them stronger and stuff. I don’t know if they fix it but. You can’t get the last part of the gun perk because the content for it has been deleted. Don’t know if they fix it but for a time, you couldn’t get the bonus part for the exotic gun
the fantasy of destiny 2 always drew me in but after spending 100 hours shooting things without understanding why im shooting things i just got bored.
Raids are the PEAK of gaming. Getting a fun fire team together is just heaven.
Bro I did the same thing 😂
Odd, I figured the eververse issue in like, half a minute at most. I have ADHD as well, I dunno I looked at the small squares and I sorta figured one of them would be called the archive which made sense. Still though I hope you're enjoying the game and having fun with your friends or by yourself. anyways side rant thing over I've never really understood the complaint about the menus, to me they've always made sense.
The timing of this is incredible as I just started considering getting into destiny again for some reason
Welcome back to Alcatraz sir, your cell is this way!
Act Man - “If you say one more thing that annoys me I’m putting you back in the box”   Zavala - “ I’ll be a good boy”  Gets hit with Ad right after Zavala says he’ll be a good boy  Me - “Put his ass back in the box”
I haven't been excited for COD since MW 2019 or Black Ops Cold War, MW 2 2022 would have to be better than MW 2019 in order for me to even get interested in it
that intro is fire and the ad...my god it was dare I say LEGENDARY
Bro this feels like an old YouTube video. It is both odd and comforting
I'm not sure why obs was causing issues like it was. I've never had issues Streaming d2 with it.
The over monetization and feeling like none of the content or progress/weapons matter utterly killed my passion for this game
Destiny 2 is so awesome right now, and I’m glad you’re playing it again!  The story is really ramping up into something awesome.  You do need like an expert at the game to teach you what’s up, and if you just do the campaign for Witch Queen and Beyond Light you’ll get plenty powerful.      D2 is such a big game you get to a point where you make your own goals in the game.
Destiny 2 is made for leftist
Watch out, giving d2 less than 10/10 might trigger skillup
Lol haven't laughed this hard in a while 🤣🤣
I’m going to ask for you to try the raids with your friends because that’s were destiny shines
Bro yes the cybertron games
Destiny: The Game we love and hate equally
you should review earthbound.  shed light on this dead game with a soundtrack that everybody knows.
Wow! You actually made me watch a full ad section with a smile on my face.
2nd comment too much for only one, I can't fucking stand when games give me status conditions and don't tell me what's going on (and for those who don't know you can't actually pause the games time in a menu not that they tell you in a menu either) because some games like half your damage with certain damage types and I'd like to me able to see that on the fly rather than having to turn on damage numbers, clutter my screen and and distract myself (ADHD) I'd rather just read a blurb and be able to manage to figure out why they're all of a sudden to tanky
i kinda was hoping to hear your opinion on witch queen campaign not to watch 20 minutes of whining about how bad new player expirience is
Can’t wait for the Yu gi oh review, watched it again for the first time in years. Still amazing
Banger video
You should revisit sea of thieves
The game is still trash
I agree that the new player experience sucks. They are making improvements come LightFall, but it shouldn't be too hard to make a good new player experience. Once you get past it, I hope you can find some enjoyment in the game.
I loved D2 when we had whisper of the worm and zero hour... I don't like the idea of losing paid expansions just because the code is Italian pasta. I'm down for D3
Well Act Man, they have technically added moth people, just look at Savathūn
1:20 you should try the Batman arkham games
More fun than Shitfinite 🤣
i couldn't imagine going back to a content wasteland like destiny. what are there 8 missions in the base game LMAO
That =3 transition reference caught me so off guard! Actman is a true OG for that
New D2 is a nightmare for those of us with adhd. I hopped back in(gone since forsaken). Jumped to the tower. Then immediately uninstalled
This game truly has gotten the No Man’s Sky treatment. Good to see him back.
Getting back into destiny is the worst thing, being into destiny is a lot of fun.
As soon as you mentioned the "New Player Experience" I immediately could tell you what is wrong.  I bought the game day 1, and been grinding it on and off since. I left after Shadowkeep, the start of Year 3, then when I returned it was actually painful to get back into it as it was so jarring, and the fact that stuff I paid money on was removed didn't help.  The game is terrible to new players that have no friends that are into it and can show you the ropes. I would recommend watching a guide for it, that'll help.
The action fig section was pretty kino ngl
Fun fact about the pop-ups: to my knowledge, they only appear for returning players and whenever they are first introduced.  The amount of pop-ups you experienced is only because you returned to the game after A LOT of changes took place.
I can tell you’d enjoy Ark if you tried it
0:30  Act Man why do you have A traveler Butt Plug? So that why we had Foreskin jokes
lmfao I love this game but you're right the new user experience is pretty bad.
If this video doesn’t have any Zanny consideration, Ill scream
Yeah I hate how destiny is structured now. If you take a break and stop playing for a bit you can’t just catch up on updates and story they just drop you in where everyone else is. It’s so backwards lol
Halo Infinite dissapointed Act Man so bad he went to go play a Real Halo game
As someone who has been playing. Destiny since the very first game in 2014. When I remade a character on destiny 2 a few weeks ago even I was confused as to what I was supposed to be doing.
Unexpected =3 transition!
Coke someone help me run some grand master nightfalls 😩. My old crew started playing other games! I need some help guardians!
Ya ya ya but..... sea of thieves
I've seen 2 separate bungie account names about characters feet
Act man, I’m glad you’ve stepped back onto the destiny train. With that being said could you review splinter cell? It’s a really good series.
I'll tell you one thing. I was more excited to unlock halo gear in destiny than I am for unlocking halo gear in halo infinite. The br and the magnum are beasts in destiny.
Ah yes, Destiny, the only game to rival call of duty in terms of storage space
ActMan, please play this again once Lightfall drops, its gonna be huge!  Also Ligtfall is going to have tutorials and guides for whatever kind of things you want/need to do
Had the same confusion. Had no idea where to start 😂😂😂
Personally I can't get back into Destiny 2 ever since they decided to delete Mars and damn near all my quests in the process. Did come back when they made all 3 expansions F2P for a few days so I can unlock Stasis but now that it's over, in order to use it I have to buy Beyond Light, fuck yeah.
Acting Male, I am still awaiting a Fable video.
I'm so sorry.  i really can't get into D2 again, ever since shadowkeep the game just got so absurdly boring.  And i cant even get anyone to play it cause there simply is no content since bungie from their infinite wisdom has cut everything good out of the game.
That was gun  *back to borderlands 2*
at least this is better than infinite.... as long you don't spend 374 dollars on all pf thr DLC's
Huh
could you review warframe act man
This game is the definition of sunk cost fallacy, the more you play it the harder it is to let go 😭😭
I tried out Destiny 2 when it launched on Steam back in 2019. It kind of just threw me in without any tutorials or explanations about what anything does, what any of the stats mean, what I should be doing, etc. It left a bad first impression and I dipped not long after, which is honestly a shame because I really like the world and art style, and what little of the moment-to-moment gameplay I experienced felt really good. It's just that I have no idea what I'm doing or what I should be doing at any given moment. Still looking for a good shooter to sink my time into after 343 and Microsoft pretty much buried Halo for good.
"Foreskin Gaming" lmfao nice
I hate to see them build up a big bad villain this long just to tell the player "sorry guardian, real threat is in another castle".
Play Star Wars Battlefront 2 It's just this good And you can force push people so go in HvV and yeet Darth Vader into the void and you'll see why it's so good
Arby and the Chief vibes!
Great to see you dude 😎
Honestly I haven’t played since Forsaken. Is it worth going back?? How much do I need to grind to catch up to current players??
wait I just saw the big rigs trophy
femboy bestie review gonna be the best video of all time
I know exactly what you mean. A game can scare me away very easily and I wont try to revisit it in a long time. I still have to play GTA SA but its broken pc controls push me away from the game every time.
What do u mean Krillin died lol 🤣
I do agree, as someone who put over 800 hours since witch queen launch, the new user experience is terrible.
Welcome back guardian things have gotten a lot better since release and the first 2 dlc
Swtor review?
It became a realy good game but, still has some of the problems that can not be fixed without a d3, such as no dedicated servers and the new and realy REALY bad red border Farm, and the core playlists, but beside that it's a cool game to turn your brain off and go worm gun goes thump!!!
1:44  Act Man about to become a full-time Old School Runescape sweatlord confirmed?
Good to know you´ll give Femboy Besties a chance! One of the games ever made
Sea of thieves next
Damb that zavala voice sounds like a deeper Obi-wan XD love it
Yo act, you going to revisit cyberpunk?
Are you ever gonna play the ezio collection
If you plan on running Kings Fall I would love to be there / see that.
How about Sea of Thieves next?
Me a D2 player sitting at the ready waiting to counter everything you say as a keyboard warrior 🤣 Edit: yeah the new player experience/returning player is terrible
I've tried several times over the years to get back into D2 and everytime I get bored after a few hours then go back to something like Deep Rock Galactic, Vermintide 2, or Smite while watching D2 videos from Jez, Datto, or Darkside Royalty.
"Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold."
YEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!! FIGHT FOREVER!!!!!!!
Act Man, I'm sure you won't read this, but I think you would be the perfect content creator to make a video about how Elden Ring/Dark Souls did exactly what Halo Infinite failed to do in making open world and how much potential Halo could have with an Elden Ring style open world :)
review oblivion thats all I have to say
The sponsor was actually funny 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Can I add and play with you?!?!
Destiny 2 right now is arguably the best the series has ever been. There’s really so much to do if you’re into grinding looter shooters.  The new player experience is horrible though.
basically the only thing that still needs to be fixed is the violently unenjoyable new player experience
act man isnt into feet yet he calls himself a souls fan
As a Destiny YouTuber, it pleases me to see you return to Destiny. I agree with you on the new player experience, and I think we all can agree that it’s gotten a lot better.
4 minutes ago this released
Haha its me @1:21 bottom tweet, an Arkham City video is defo needed tho
Be careful. this game is apparently better than Halo 3, 2, CE, reach and ODST according to a certain article I found online.
Yea baby
act man can you please do a video on xcom i wont stop asking
Rough season to come back to. But hope you enjoy.
When destiny 2
Hey Act man. Would you like to Re-visit Cyberpunk 2077 now that it got so many patches?  Adn you know....giving a hello to Adam Smasher.
That RWJ transformation though Jesus
Act Man your videos got me into Halo, Call of Duty Zombies, and gave me a several month-long obsession with the Half-Life series. I don't have a lot of interest in Destiny 2 maybe this video will change my mind.
Why are you wearing earrings.
The new player experience is so dog shit. The game unless you have someone to help you is not easy to get into.
YESSSS! I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!
Right under femboy besties... actman is there something you want to tell us?
"Savathun and her savathussy" act man getting sus
Yes, glad to see D2 getting more attention as always!
you know its gonna be a banger when the act man revisits a game
Destiny 2's biggest drawback is its monetization and the "sunsetting" (aka straight up removing) content you've already paid for. You can't even play the storyline it fucking launched with.  You buy "expansions" but they don't expand anything cos it's all a revolving door. Old expansions get tossed as new ones are brought in and the cycle just repeats.
Cant believe I caught an upload this quick
Do you have da gay guardian  God how I miss Spens
You know what would make Destiny 2 such a sick game? Adding a space battle option where you can fight with your ships. I'd kill for that.
Trust me,  no one likes content vault.
Tan Actman, is best man
0:26 DID SOMEONE CALL ME???
For the act algorithm!
Can you do resident evil 7, outlast and the last of us
review telltale's the walking dead season 1 xd
I saw the sponsored tag thing that YouTube puts on videos with sponsors, and I thought this was going to be a Destiny 2 sponsor video, and I was gonna make a joke about how he shit on 343 so much that Bungie sponsored him out of pure spite LMAO
Destiny and respecting your time doesn’t go well together.
2000 gang
Destiny 2? This should be good
What happened to the MW2 vid? Couldn’t get the stream to work?
I am not a fan personally of Destiny 2
welcome back we have been waiting
1:20 the guy who suggested the transformers cybertron games is a chad
I love Destiny. It's my second job
Everyone 343 is ruing halo bungie should still be in charge   Meanwhile bungie taking like 4 years to make destiny 2 good  (I like both companies and they have good people working on them but are ruined by the parent corp)
Saints row 2 Review it i bet u 300 dollars it will atleast be an awesome review
I am playing destiny 2
If your next review isn't Femboy Besties (I don't even care if it doesn't actually exist), then I'm unsubscribing.
finally done with the drama eh?
Cool
1:24 im taking this as a promise so dont let me down
1:19 Have you ever considered doing hot-tub streams?
Could you review ULTRAKILL? It is very fast paced and I love it.
play some warframe
As a recommendation, you should revisit Sea of Thieves. They've come a long way since your last review.
Review it steals
Can’t wait for the femboy besties video
I keep seeing them try to push destiny two on steam and epic games, and, I haven't even beaten the main (basegame) story, and now I'm being told that there is a bunch of content I can't even play anymore and such? Fuck that my guy. Basically it feels like if I had gotten into it at launch, and kept up with it (and with my ADHD that wouldn't have happened tbh) I might enjoy playing it here and there, but jumping in this late feels like I'd be missing out on so much stuff and just isn't even worth trying.
Destiny gets worse lol
Upload u playing yugiyoh on actman TV
Good to see you back in the fray my brother in light
Woo I'm early!!!! Love your vids actman
*Zanny liked that*
Yo it da ac mn
Welcome back to Destiny 2, if you’re having a good time I recommend playing Gambit or Garden of Salvation.
Destiny 2 has it’s faults, but right now Witch Queen is very enjoyable.
Still won't touch Destiny.
EPIC!
I’m glad you gave it another chance, hopefully you get more invested in the game, Bungie is truly starting to develop something special here..
That was less expected than a mom hearing a whole cupcakke song.
I never thought the day I would see the act guardian return
I recently just got back into Destiny 2 2 weeks ago. It felt really nice and I ended up buying Witch Queen which I'm still playing rn. I was a Destiny 1 veteran and was disappointed with Drstiny 2's release and stopped playing but now the game feels a lot like Destiny 1 now. Well see how Lightfall is
Best time to get back into this game!  Game has come a lonnnngg way since launch. I have been playing since day one, there is no better time then now to jump in especially with the future of Destiny 2.
You should cover command and conquer renegade
I’m convinced that Act Man has contracted ODD (Obsessive Destiny 2 Disorder) from hanging out with fellow YouTuber Zanny all the time.
I've been loving d2 recently
Yeah I got addicted to this game not half bad now
I was redownloading this as this came out
"Dipped my toes into foreskin" 😭😭😭
Hoho it’s the performance guy! Let’s play MW2 beta! 😂🤪❤️
Guardian, wake up. - Zavala (probably)
OH FUCK YEAH
This is literally the video I’ve been waiting for i got a perma ban on Warframe and i need a new game to grind.
Nice to see you have tried destiny two again after four years and I remember when I returned I was confused as well
I hate Destiny 2 it’s my favorite game
Nice
it's so funny how i've also gotten back into destiny 4 years later.  granted i am still annoyed how they took out the MAIN CAMPAIGN and the other expansions that WE PAID FOR. i think the utter failure that is halo infinite and 343 has caused alot of us to go back to destiny 2 stay the male of acting kelly.
Babe wake up Gaming Prophet posted.
Destiny 2 has changed so much over the years. For real a bit of a redemption arc.
Need a poo me
Destiny 2 > Halo: Infinite
Oh shit, been waiting for this one
Destiny 2 is a crippling addiction
This video came out as soon as i booted D2. Geez the timing 😂
He uplouded
I like my gamers club and
First coment
Oh what a shitshow I knew this was gonna be
It’s happening
Damn that tan,looking good act man.
I love your videos, hope you see this and have a damn good day, enjoy yourself dude
Im the last one writeing first
Hawaii is indeed a cool place hope you had fun there
Review Breath of the Wild please. Please Act Daddy
Heh... same
Early gang
First
Brother quit while your ahead
Your great
Nice tan.
Gordon Freeman in the flesh
Woo!
Numbero uno
Glad to have you back guardian! 😄
Go to https://buyraycon.com/actman for 15% off your order! Brought to you by Raycon!  Did you like this style of video? I had a lot of fun making it! Maybe Zavala will show up in future videos...
Game kinda got boring after a while
I am here to say early squad
Notif squad
Yessirrrr a new video
Did zanny make you do this?
I am the liberal destroyer…
Bro that black armory chick is so hot ngl
hi
ACT SQUAD LETS GO
Praise the sun!
Nice
Let’s go!!
I need something better on your channel.
That was your DESTINY !!
Mmmmm
Never clicked so fast
The Tan Man
Nice work bro
First comment
Let's gooooo
Destiny that’s ruff bro
I already KNOW this one is gonna be spicy
First comment
the act man plays mid🗿
Finally
First
Yoooooooo
I guess you could say…IT WAS YOUR DESTINY TO RETURN!!!
NO VIEWS YET
Hawaii
First boys
Cool
FIRST MY BOY
First
Hello
FIRST (i got proof)
Lets go
Hi
U
First?
.
First
