This fuckin aged like fine scotch 😂
reminds me of the key and peele episode where he was like "awkwarrrrd"
You are laughing now?
Is it just me or does gianni's senator armstrong sound like American igon from elden ring?
i liked the part where the smdf fv said: “Come, Senator, let us work hand in hand to take america out of the liberal miasma.”
Video: meme of MGR about the woke moralism  Game in description: *OVERWATCH*
@funnywes just gave himself away as an Australian the second he said 'buzzwords'.
0:19 Big Boss is why
sounds like you lost
I like how this meme didn't take off at all i never hear anyone say this even leftists, & all yous saying "hEh tHis iS yOuRe aVerAgE rEpuBliCan" i fkn wish! (((Swamp))) would actually get drained with this fucker in charge.
....A perfect summation of current US politics, and, bonus points, an _even more perfect_ summation two-and-a-half years later.  ....Please, someone, _make it stop_
lmao Armstrong is just your average Republican/conservative.
tbh calling "moralists" a buzzword is peak retrdd
This aged well, lmao.
“I promise I won’t get political”  Mfs after one Miller Lite:
"I miss my wife, Jack'
Low quality humor , very appropriate for leftists
reminds me of the "woke sky" tweet. even the dictionary twitter was confused. people really just like using big words to sound more smart
I feel that "I don't know :("
The awkward silence at the end got me
Somehow I only now learned that this is an actual thing one of them said. I thought you wrote it in an exaggerated fashion lol
I like the fact that Gianni Matragano's sensitive little feel-feels made him quit X---just because Mr Cheese was AI. Dear lord, even your integrity is pathetic as your faux "variety" of voices.
"Eh, just talk about how politics is bullshit and people will listen"
Now Armstrong can't even talk anymore after that realization.
Somebody: up your ass!   Senator: 0:00
This is REALLY a Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots moments.
I find it funny how Twitter is basically the Super Smash Bros of politics. Every group is there and having dumb arguments that affect basically nothing.
I still can't belive he actually said that. For years i thought it was a joke,  an oversimplification of the stuff peterson says. But then i saw him actually saying this verbatum 100% seriously. Like come on man...
i unironically loved jp until he fell off the deep end
For one I am a femboy and bi, I just have to say all this somewhere and vent it, so sorry. People in these comments that are woke are coping lol. I hate this stupid political stuff but at least the right has the moral and intellectual high ground. It’s so stupid to see both sides extremists and mostly the left has the outrageous stuff. The left just name calls, cancels people, makes shit up, threatens people, destroys stuff, and bases everything on feelings and nothing on facts. Then extremist rights base everything on facts, which makes sense, but then don’t consider feelings much. Everything the left wants is terrible, they support terrible things like wars and property destruction, they support puberty blockers which hurt the body and especially for young people can be permanent damage. Then the right wants stuff but doesn’t do much about it. Tho the right wants specific roles for male and female but we don’t need that for every single person. Yes we need strong and masculine men and feminine and caring women, but not everyone from either side can fit those rolls, or needs to fit. We are in 2024 and both sides morales are way too extreme. The truth is there is only male and female, you cannot swap between, you can be feminine and a boy and masculine and a girl. The surgery and medicines for “transing” is dangerous and life threatening and irreversible. If anything we should be looking for a way that either can actually swap your gender, or just a safer method. There are also too many people taking advantage of this for sports and evil illegal matters. Personally I want it to be a thing, but right now it isn’t safe or moral to do. We need to fix the world. It’s all going to shit and has been shit for awhile. If we keep letting people like Biden run important rolls like being president of the strongest country in the world, the world is gonna go even more into shit. At least Trump stopped Abu, was the first president in like 50 years to have no wars happen, and had no military deaths. We can’t care about opinions of people unless they put their opinions into actions and hurt people. We have to make the right truthful choices, putting aside our opinions and feelings right now, and better the world. Politics and the people in power are fucking us all over, putting us against each other. But it might be too late tbh.
I finished this game yesterday and wait a minute why does youtube think this is mgs4
Lmao
iFunniers seething rn
100% meat diet really isn't doing senator Armstrong any favors.
no audio?
Armstrong should clean his room before saying that.
I agreed with everything Armstrong said in this game.
If Armstrong is against them wokes, then he has our votes.
Modern politics in a nutshell tbh
those gutdam LIBERIANS tyna kill DEMOCRACY!!!!
The little cut to the case of the game was so appropriate i'm dying
oh god did armstrong also retweet fetish porn on his timeline?
Woke moralists are not moral. They are no different than the puritans of ancient times, looking down on the hard working public and dishing punisments for what they deem offensive.  So yes, up yours woke moralists.
Standing here.
“To me it sounds like you’re just using a bunch of buzzwords” imagine being this low IQ
This is what will happen if we give Joe Biden steroids
CANCEL CULTURE STRIKES AGAAIIN!
ron desantis.
How do you not understand something not hard to understand?
This is the bad ending, raiden and armstong didn't hug.
LIBERAL DETECTED
That got sad real fast
get wrekt conservatives!
It means up the rectum of the twitter moderators.
Haters gonna hate 😂
Well, maybe I can add "Woke" to my buzzword list as "Micro-aggressions", "Gaslighting" and "Place of speech" for example also are. 😉
Maybe coming from Armstrong it meams nothing, but from Peterson it means the world.
This is a pretty useless video
Armstrong looks like the nerd emoji but gigachad
Forget politics for a minute here, I think Senator Armstrong just needs a hug.
*_LOBSTERS, SON!_*
He’s still got my vote
Damn, Mr. Senator, you fell off
It is glorious how much JP makes himself into a saturday morning villain.
You cant cancel it, because you didnt start it.
This just makes me like Armstrong more now because I have this problem too.   :(  AND I BLAME SATANIC HOMOSEXUAL FEMINIST SORCERY!!!!
If only every grifter was this honest, we'd all be holding hands and singing a kumbaya.
R.I.P. Moke Woralist  a truly inspiring figure in the world of Obamna and Sodaaaaa 🥤🥶🎉
To clarify:  Woke is a saying that orginates from African-American Slang. It was commonly used in a sentence like this: "Stay Woke brother!" as to be aware of racial injustices in America, or just anywhere in general.  Wokeism is the ethics and processes of Socialism, expanded beyond Class, towards Race, Sex, and any near infinite amount of marginalized groups, through the lens of intersectionality.  Wokeism can be traced back to Italy, during the Interwar Period, where notable Italian Marxist: Antonio Gramsci, theorized subversion was the best attempt at a Far-Left takeover of liberal institutions, rather then direct confrontation. This is where the saying, everything is political comes from. Marxists inspired by Gramsci, set up the Frankfurt school, which later had to move to America, for, obvious reasons.  In more modern times, Kimberly Crenshaw, who in the 80s, saw that whilst opression based on Race and Sex were different, they were still intertwined in some way. Thus, opression olympics were born. Later, Crenshaw met up with Black Activist, Angela Davis, who switched ideas and went on with their merry way. Robin Di'angelo is the off-spring for intersectionality+neo-marxism we see today.   Being Woke, means being aware.  Being Wokeist, means being an extremist who subverts liberalism, and tries to bring about Socialism.  Why oppose it? Because it's Anti-Liberal.  Senator Armstrong W  EDIT: The USSR, used active measures as described by Former KGB Spy, Yuri Bezemenov, to subvert Western Society. Some of which included, pretending to be the KKK, and sending racist vitriol towards Black Activists. Why? In the hopes to start a race war.  I'm tired, sorry for any grammar issues lol.
or its the fact a rich country is based on how good theyre at killing others and im happy my country is wealthy.
Hes right tho
Making fun of JBP should be obligated by law
"Sorry. Not beautiful. And no amount of authoritarian tolerance is going to change that."
Remember, this was said unironically by a person that other people take seriously and now spends his time on twitter wanting to become the joker because people are being treated like people. Up yours Peterson we'll see who out-jokers who.
Yes, one side uses buzzwords. :P Funny stuff
He sounds so sad
He sounds so sad
I feel like if wes got hired to be in Ultrakill this could be Ultrakill Canon.
The camera went so far out that you could literally see the game disc itself
Raiden is just me whenever I forgot to give my ex meds...funny how that's happened with two people now. I have a horrible choice in men, apparently. They all go bananas when I forget to take care of them, what the hell did they do before they met me??
Easy ignore woke idiots who try to legalize grooming and make it bad to not like not jubs who think they can be a legitimate animal
This really reminds me of a solidjj video come to think of it
Still love Armstrong
"Buzz phrases are bad. You said it, so your side is stupid."
Dementia strikes again!
The pure dispare in armstrong's voice just makes me feel bad for him
Twitter:
Here after Buzzfeed and Vice News went bankrupt
“What are you trying to say, man?” *”I don’t know.”*
Call it woke, sjw, neo feminism, feminism, far left, socialism, comunism.  It's all the same damn thing.  And it is bad for society.
But, you are a woke moralist.
"oh my- uh you poor man?"
No but fr that's kinda the deal with Armstrong right? It feels like he just talks about anything...
It’s actually “who cancels whom.”
He sounds depressed.
Why does it sound like Gianni could’ve actually voiced Senator Armstrong
The way he says it and the look on his face makes it look like he's concerned for himself as well
Saw a "most sane 4chan user" post the other day where the greentext was basically calling out "based" people for literally just being people who don't wanna be normies, which is what leads them to want to be like Armstrong and other characters they idolatrize... It's like they literally woke up one day and decided to be the class clown Why being _another_ normie who just minds their own business or goes along with the flow when you can be _that guy_ that everyone knows, even tho the sole reason people are aware you exists is because you do everything in your power to be as obnoxious as possible  It's specially funny when they are also anime fans cuz they always brag about how Japan is this super cool factastical place where "Wokeness" doesn't exist and videogame/anime studios or mangakas will never listen to the "woke agenda" While at the same time being completely unaware that safe spaces for women are a thing that exists in Japan or that LGBT+ media flourishes on the shelves and has been doing so for _decades_
I can only imagine the shaky camera when the scene pans out.
Metal Gear Rising: Existencial Crisis
If you can meme it it must mean it's dumb right? You guys are not good at political humor.
Our political and economic infrastructure is falling apart before our very eyes.
He don't know 😢
Just happy Armstrong recovered from his year long induced coma due to his daughter recommending he only eat raw nanomachines ❤
This looks like the beginning of a beautiful fan fiction. Does it have a sequel?
The second I found out that this is a Jordan Peterson quote I cried laughing
"Imagine a world, Raiden, free of cancel culture, where no one can call me out for my outlandish claims. A world where I can say the n-word!"
the funniest thing is that he talks exactly like an extremely similar quote from certified lobster weirdo jordan peterson
My headcannon is that 'Oh god' was Raiden noticing the tears forming in Armstrong's eyes
Someone take them out back.
Who cancels _whom._
"I mean, what is he supposed to do? sHARE hIS hONEST fEELINGS!? Yeah right, LIBERAL"
There needs to be a video where Senator Armstrong and Raiden both play Wii Sports Resort Frisbee Dog
The senator needs to lay off the apple cider.
Sniffs* "Lobsters, clean your room, benzos. So on and so on."
The fucking tone of "I.. I don't know" is killing me
i kind of feel bad for armstrong here, he sounds so sad
LMAO
Love the Peterson
why the frick does on the description says is about mgs 4? lol.
that image of mgr xbox 360 make me laugh so hard for no reason
this doesnt even have a proper resolution, it just ends with both armstrong and raiden confused and devastated
This feels way too much like a random discord call me and my friends would have at 3 in the morning
He makes a good arm strong 💪 impression.
Senator Peterson
why is nobody talking about the random picture of metal gear rising on xbox
I like how this is set AFTER Armstrong broke raiden's sword, so everything before this still happens but just outta nowhere Armstrong has a mid life crisis
Damn dude really ment it when he said he didn't write his own speeches, armstrong got ZERO speech points
random clip of Xbox 360 game
to be fair, the actual person who said this is a pretty good guy
Game: Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
That's actually what Jordan B. Peterson said.
I was half expecting Raiden to say “Do- do you need a hug?” at the end
I hate how much that guy looks like a really beefy version of a teacher I had in middleschool
"I don't know how else to get people to listen to me" feels so deeply & profoundly Jordan Peterson...
Americans are fucking wild. A VA quotes one public figure and the entire "new" comment section is filled with "the left" and "the right" trying to stab each other to death, accusing Gianni of child murder and so on. Lmao
Armstrong: "Im tired Jack...so f*cking tired" Raiden: "dude..."
Love it. J.P. Is great though. Helped me get through my depression by evaluating my own self- worth and focus on improving me day to day.
Is it from the Jordan Peterson video
Good ending?
0:13 Ironic.
Úp yoirs sidewalk
Incel God!
senator : you insignificant FUCK
This feels like a grandson visiting his senile grandfather at a nursing home.
And that random picture with copy of MGR 💀💀💀
My word! Sen. Armstrong showing weakness! How is this possible?!
Anti-sjws in a nutshell: Part 2
I......I HAVE A DREAM
This is really how JP fans are tho lmao
Senator Armstrong has difficulty understanding social cues AU.
This conversation hurt so much that they didn't even want to fight anymore
What I love about Raiden's "oh god" is that he basically realized he's gonna have to be Armstrong's support circle now.
Why are these voiced memes always attached to cringey fundraisers?
Raiden should've given him a comfort hug
_CANCEL CULTURE STRIKES AGAIN!_
Proving once again that left can't meme. This is shit lmao.
why the fuck is there a picture of metal gear rising on the xbox 360
I, I, FUCK IT. NANO MACHINES SON
I don't even hate Peterson but this meme is too funny lmfao.
Make 7 Up yours, woke moralists!
That’s like one student who are asking some important questions to the American political science professor at the big name college campus.
buzzword=woke -woke people
“Oh god” raiden says as he realizes he might actually have to do something resembling parenting
Typical politician
I love when leftists make strawmen of the opposition and the cartoonish representation they give is just their own average mental state
He's trying to get with it.
oh wow jordan peterson is such a genius he steals corny lines from video games
my dad liked YOU MILLENIAL LEFTISTS and he likes this one as well
Senator B. Peterstrong
I finally understand the reference now lol
Cringe
Why do you turned a funny meme into an unfunny shitty one?
so sad
They’re not buzz words. The “woke” are a clearly defined group of people who see themselves as morally superior to you despite holding a contradictory “moral relativist” point of view. The use the power of mob rule as a form of social enforcement to push their inane, detrimental, contradictory, false and just outright bad ideas. They are prime exemplars of the dunning Kruger effect and are largely lead by women. They demonize masculinity in any and all forms because they see men as the reason for all the world problems. They tend to show narcissistic and sociopath character traits. Oh and if you want an example of a buzz word might i present to you “patriarchy”. Because the us has not been a true patriarchal society, id argue since the early 1900s after the feminist movement duped women to becoming willing wage slaves and  told them its “progress” and that its ok to end your babies as long as you don’t see them. out of sight out of mind! Don’t worry. it wasn’t even a “real” person anyway hahaha. *Stuffs dead baby in a box to sell it. For science* That’ll be $700. Buzz word typically have no real mean nor do they need to be backup by truth. Ie: systematic oppression. American women, regardless of race are literally the freest being on this planet. Considering the lack of actual social obligation. The preferential treatment, enforced  by law in some cases. Illegal preferential hiring of women over men, i mean technically illegal, but whats a law if its not enforced eh? They are over represented in colleges. Bad deal anyway so their loss. The ability to sell there body for BANK and suffer no social consequences for it. In fact, THEY ARE ENCOURAGED to do it. Not only free sex just because she walks into a room but can make money from it. Can literally get away with murder. Lighter sentencing for when they do do something terrible enough to get caught. Not being called a patriarchal oppressor. Not being blamed for the world woes and woman’s woes and for mars losing its atmosphere. You get my point. Need i go on?
nobody gonna talk about the random cut to the photo of the xbox disc
This is so funny. I love everyone dunking on jbp being a stupid twat
Accurate.
*who cancels WHOM
It's Okay Armstrong.
I just figured out this is a jordan peterson meme, i',m slow
I love how Raiden sounds almost Australian in these things.
"UP YOURS, WOKE MORALISTS!" feels like the logical conclusion of what twitter is
jordan peterson, everyone!
It's the quiet and defeated "oh god" that does it for me
Clean your nanomachines
As much as I love the delivery of all the lines, the “I don’t know” at 0:09 has so much genuine heart and despair behind it I actually felt bad for him somehow
jordan peterson
video should end at 0:06
Thats polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki
Senator Armstrong is just a cooler Jordan Peterson on nanomachines
you’ve been talking to funnywes too much
This applies to all sides of political spectrum
When the game sections says MGS:Guns of the patriots instead of MGR:Revengeance
This confirms to me that you are, indeed, a Vaushite.
Peterson accidentally created a whole temporary subgenre of memes with that phrase alone lmao
me when xbox 360 case for metal gear rising
Ah yes, Metal Gear Solid 4.
this channel is meant for leftists
pov ben shapiro
I’m sorry but I’m still not over this after 3 weeks. *Why doesn’t Armstrong have any wrists in the first image?*
My favorite thing about this is how every time it pans to Raiden, his voice gets louder because the camera is closer
the o god killed me
Damn he really went from “PRIDE MONTH? ONLY A MONTH? SHITS GAY YEAR ROUND SON!” To “UP YOURS WOKE MORALISTS.” In the same goddamn scene.
Jordan peterson is a comedic goldmine nothing more
"I don’t know how else to get people to listen to me"  r u ok Armstrong? do you need help?
That's why he doesn't write his own speeches
I actually really like Jordan, but that fucking phrase he will never live down. The cheesiest fucking thing I've ever heard in my life. CRYING Laughing when I first saw his video.
You know what’s actually funny? In a really dark way? Sort by new, count how many comments are making fun of Armstrong and how many of them say “I feel sorry for him and want to hug him.” There’s far more of the second. So just, keep that in mind and remember that the intended take away from this video is to laugh at Armstrong, for he is based off Jordan Peterson. So it’s reasonable to assume most people in this audience would like to give Jordan Peterson a hug. That is pretty wholesome compared to the intended takeaway.
Your fundraiser is disturbing and satanic and you will face the judgment of God as a result
First it was transgender rights, and now it's reproductive rights? You really want to kill unborn children huh? Shame on you, you're the one that Jordan Peterson is talking about, woke moralist.
Gianni is unironically a woke moralist
ok because i dont want to research or watch the hour long talks this guy has, is him saying this woke moralist line good or bad
How do you do these impressions? Very impressive!
At this point I don’t even know if I’m supposed to be “triggered”
HAHAHA THATS REALLY FUNNY anyways do you support the government bypassing parental consent to permanently stunt kids’ development by giving them hormone blockers?
I love how at 0:15 the they dramatically pan out to the outside of the game
I thought this was a meme, but this sentence was actually said by Jordan Peterson after being banned on Twitter lmao
the "we'll see who cancels who" plus the ost is just too good 🤣
His arguments may lean buzzwords-heavy at times, but you gotta respect a man who shows up prepared to cite his sources.
ABORTION IS MURDER. DO NOT MURDER YOUR BABY. IT IS A VIOLATION OF THE SITXTH OF GOD'S COMMANDS: THOU SHALT NOT MURDER.
Jordie boy talks a lot of trash for a guy who can't drink apple cider without going into a coma.
Armstrong sounded like he was on the verge of tears.
0:15
funny
Senator Armstrong was off the benzos in this one
Imagine funding womens right to kill babies
I've watched this so many times already and the last part still stings. Give Armstrong a hug raiden.
I don't want to sound pedantic but shouldn't that technically be "whom cancels whomst"?
I genuinely feel so bad for Armstrong with the last line. I would actually wanna hug him and try to maybe teach him to not use too many wacky buzzwords in the same sentence.
"Up yours, Postmodern Neo-Marxists, we'll see who misrepresents who!"
It's the funniest thing ever how the meme made by Gianni made the line get put in a setting where you looked like a fool for saying but irl, JP's execution of the line was so unironically based yet still hilarious at the same time it created a whole genre of memes giving credit to the man. I need more of these memes. This is fucking hilarious and makes the fact that JP's genius use of this line all the more funny
Came back here after seeing a particular Voice Quills video.
The inconsistent audio quality really completes this
ah yes, metal gear solid 4, guns of the patriots. clearly this is the game being presented thank you youtube ill go play that now
the best jordan peterson quote
* cut away to next scene *  *_"STANDING HERE, I REALISE"_*
When you realize armstrong was quoting jordan peterson it gets a whole lot deeper.
“I don’t write my own speeches” The speeches he writes:
I cant believe jordan peterson actually said this
this was so stupid, I assumed it was pure satire. Only today have I learned we've opened with an actual quote from Jordan Peterson.
"Typical politician."
This one is weirdly accurate for both extremes. Aside from the self-reflection part.
Okay but why was there a picture of the game irl for a shot?
You can't hurt me Jack!
"Sounds like you're using a bunch of buzzwords." "I don't know how else to get anyone to listen to me." Twitter/politics in a nutshell.
When you try to be like Joe Rogan but fail at it:
It's a shame you spend so much time on twitter. Peterson is right. Your morals are a joke and I'll gladly see them die. The christians were right god damn it.
Poor Armstrong. _Society_ cannot understand his limitless wisdom and so he must, to get people to pay attention to his genius, use a bunch of meaningless buzzwords.
an exclamation expressing contemptuous defiance or rejection of someone.
Jordan Peterson is politically reprehensible but i cant help but feel sympathy for him due to how much he has deteriorated over the years
imagine raiden comforting armstrong hours later
I like how there is a picture of the cartridge and it is counted as metal gear solid 4 instead lol
Conservative channels
So I did not realize this was an actual Jordan Peterson quote...
can't believe wes got gianni to do a cameo
I fucking love this channel.
This made me sad
This reminds me of the old Machinma series "Sanity Not Included"
Holy shit, funnywes legit sounds like that one voice actor in NewScapePro's SCP vids 😳
He's ultimately become the big endboss of which we all witnessed the villain origin story.
armstrong going "I don't know how else to get people to listen to me" is like seeing a villain finally collapse under the moral pressure
Snap into a slimjim
Alternative Universe where the Senator doesn’t have someone to write his speeches.
Typical politician
this kinda just makes me sad
I quote this video daily. Thanks Gianni
Armstrong experiences a moment of self awareness and his ego crumbles
i love how he sounds like he's about to cry when he says "i don't know how else to get people to listen to me"
Strange, he quotes Jordan Peterson, but sounds like Alex Jones
I know this is essentially a part 2 to the last Senator Armstrong meme, but the music and the way the last one ended with Cancel Culture, it almost feels like this is just part of the same conversation.
Heartbreaking dialogue, I loved this moment in the game.
I love the emotional depth you can put into the Armstrong voice lmao
Thr picture of the Xbox game fucking killed me
low quality rubbish meme , disliked .
Twitter machines SON! They DID THIS TO MEEE!
Conservative talk radio in a nutshell
“Those who call you soft, are probably soft as well”- Abraham Lincoln, probably.
Just pass him a few too many Benzos, he'll be alright.
How did I read the title as “Wake up, you moralists!”
Jordan Peterson is just a goldmine for meaningless speeches
funny but i hate liberals
THE FUCKING RANDOM FRAME OF THE MGR DISC CASING STANDING JUST FUCKING KILLS ME
Oh God, this is so good.
alt title: senator armstrong has a mental breakdown  edit: secondary alt title: senator armstrong forgets to take his meds
Goddamn it, don't make me feel bad for this man.
Lit meme dogshit charity
Chad Armstrong vs GEN Z limp dick raiden
You sound alot like J.K. Simmons
It actually paints a pretty sad picture for the politically radical. It must be really depressing for people to speak in pure buzzwords to get the attention of others.
Hey bro, can you please tell me how do you synthesize the voices of different characters and make them say what you want like in this video or with angel Gabriel? I would be very thankful, if you tell me how can I do it.
АП ЕРС, ВОК МОРЕЛИС. ВИЛ СИ ХУ КАНЗЕЛЗ ХУ
Please go home and clean your room, Armstrong
Gotta love how woke moralists are celebrating driving a world renowned psychologist into the depths of madness with how fucking EVIL they are.  At least you're dying out. Brings me great warmth.
Some alternate timeline where Armstrong's dementia is getting worse & Raiden is forced to deal with it
You zoomed out a little to far at 0:14
i DONT LIKE PEOPLE  PUTTING  CHEMICALS IN THE WATER  THAT  TURN  THE  FREAKIN  FROGS GAY!
WE USED TO BUILD RAILROADS
Amazing
Metal gear rising revengeance Description: metal gear solid 4 *visible confusion*
Wtf was this photo?
It went from being funny to being sad really quickly, and now I just feel bad for Armstrong.
Funnywes was angry with you lol
Baba booey
Peterson in a nutshell!
Can we just delete Twitter it clearly drove Armstrong to madness and seeing all these hot takes I have to ask who cares anymore?
The awkward... It's palpable.
Jordan Peterson was in MGR?!
the past 5 or 10 videos ive watched just happen to be really quiet so i had to turn my system volume right up- and of course this is the first video with normalized volume, i just jumped out of my skin at how loud it was
Yes - fund the systemic murder of children because a majority can't practice safe sex & allow the state to have jurisdiction over our bodies. Way to go Gianni. Way to provide a great "Fund raiser" for reproductive rights (a nice way of saying I wasn't being safe so I must kill)
Damn. Dawasdipe🤒
Hm,ok. Mhm ok ok
Armstrong boomer?
At least he's finally being honest instead of being batshit insane!
checkmate, you millennial leftists
Senator Armstrong Now Hiring!: Temp PR Worker  (No, not Puerto Rican, for the fifth time) Serious respondents only. I- I swear, if I have to say this again.. The allegations are NOT true. Yes, my poolboy is from the Carribean. I create AMERICAN jobs, I am a job creator! ..Okay, yes he does work in nothing but a thong. B-but my-, HIS assets are adorned in the protection of our NATION'S FLAG. This PATRIOT ARMOR protects our most venerated, vulnerable, vital.. soldiers from the COMMIE RED SUN!  No, these are just rumors. No, we are not getting married to fast-track his citizenship.. hahaha. What are you, crazy? If there's anything more unameric- "Papi~" "Coming, sweetheart."  Pays up to $15 an hour.
Foolishness, (nano)machine(s), foolishness.
This legit made me feel sad for Armstrong.
This sounds like someone trying to help their dad after they've gone crazy from getting some twitter followers...
Armstrong sounds like he's on the verge of tears
What an amazing crossover
DAMMIT! you make me almost want to hug him.
Hahahahahahahhaha
Senator: Who cancels who? Solid snake when he realised that he's now unpopular: i think society cancels me... I don't know,i used to be so popular and badass back then! But now, they forgot me... Why?
amazing content as always but am i the only one going insane at 0:15 ?!?!
Finally the wes and Gianni Collab, it's hilarious to finally see Armstrong not knowing what's going on
top 10 anime crossovers
You have a damn good Armstrong impression
Senator Armstrong really needs to lay off the benzos.
In a Petersonian sense... this makes no fucking sense.
Armstrong sounds more like Sundowner somehow
edgy gay leftist jokes?   SIGN ME THE FUCK UP, SUBSCRIBED
This took a turn
Sounds like Raiden is making a non-binary fuss.  Honestly though I love the characterization of Armstrong as a disconnected boomer who just strings random buzzwords together with no idea of their actual meaning.
Using memes to fundraise for good causes is fucking awesome. Especially when it lets us dunk on Peterson in the process.
ok, groomer
Funnywes in a Gianni video?  My life is complete
“To me it sounds like you’re just using a bunch of buzzwords”  *Shows the title of the game
Poor Armstrong  He lived so long in the shadow of hate and division he doesn’t know what he’s fighting for anymore  Truly a breathtaking critique on the state of modern American politics and the tribalism inherent to it
now I just feel bad for the man
Always funny when conservatives accuse the left of moralising and virtue signalling.  _"Accuse the other side of that which you are guilty."_ (Paraphrased)
The random shot of the mgr box that just appears randomly is so funny lmfao
Reminder that he is quoting Jordan Peterson
wow it sounds kinda like funnywe- *glances over at comment section* oh
SHE DID THE RAIDEN VOICE WES DID THE RAIDEN VOICE
the "I don't know" makes him sound so genuine lost and confused I love it
Cringe
Standing here, I realize  You were just like me, owning libs epically  But who's to judge, the woke from based  Up yours woke moralists, who cancels who: we'll see.
Imagine having morals and a sense of compassion for humanity 🤢
The delivery of the "I don't know" has me in stitches. XD
the split second of the xbox cover cracked my ass up
On behalf of Alberta, we apologize for this utterance
Jumpscare warning at 0:15
Its a good day whenever Gianni and Wes decide to dunk on some dumbass republican's tweet by turning it into Metal Gear dialogue.
I love this kind of satire its absolutely perfect
I want to give Armsyrong a hug but...my body is made of flesh and bones, not CNT and nanomachines.
Should I know who the guy in the original Twitter video is? I wanna say Jordan Peterson or something.
Is he trying to pretend to be a right winger
I love these so much.
he looks like gigachad peter griffin
I physically cringed at how bad this is
Man do you not like Jordan Peterson?
I think what's greatest to me is how funny this is *even without knowing the drama this refers to*
Dude, your Senator Armstrong sounds a few notches off of Mike Pollack's voice for Eggman.
Another one bites the dust.
nanomachine's, son
I like this content, but every time there is some immoral fundraiser going on. Unfortunately I can't support this channel further.
I'd vote for him
DeSantis moment
Politicians in a Nutshell
This is far more threatening than anything the wicked witch of the daily wire spews out
This is the future twitter evolves us into populating. Even the most normal of amaricans now finally act as if they had gone to school instead of simply watching movies with highschoolers in it.
This really thermonuclear tweeted my woke sky
Need a hug man? Jeez.
It's depressing how in modern politics throwing around buzzwords actually works, sometimes even better than actually formulating a coherent argument backed by research and reasoning.
Well he doesn’t write his own speeches that’s for true
That delivery at the end makes me want to empathize with Armstrong.  I want to.   But I won't.
Oh no…Armstrong…don’t worry, man, we’re always listening!
I hate politics. Love the vid.
That was the most desperate and sad, “I don’t know.”, I’ve ever heard
real mood
*whom
Isn't this a satire of that Jordan Peterson video in which he really goes on this long rant of why he was being transphobic to Elliot Page on Twitter?
I actually feel really bad now.
Muh videogame char straw
..Lawl upz ur moralist!!!!
The sorrow and sense of being absolutely lost that little “I don’t know” had was nuts and absolutely kills me every time.
Your fundraisers are always so fucking cringe
IT'S FUNNIER THAT JORDAN PETERSON ACTUALLY SAID THIS HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH
WE USED TO BUILD RAILROADS!
Man, i should give the senator a hug. He looks like he needs it.
Perfect depiction of Boomers
Sad to see a funny meme channel constantly only attack one side
Roe v Wade overturned lol
*whom
Damn, the real talk from Armstrong, hits me right in the feels.
I miss colombo
Morality is a social construct made by socialists so they can sell more socials
I was half expecting/hoping it would end with Armstrong softly crying and saying "I'm so lonely Raiden"
I want to hear armstrong just say Alex jones quotes out of context.
love this. Kinda wish Armstrong had read a few more of the absurd quotes from that video.
Senator Armstrong needs to stop getting quotes from Jordan Petterson
Jordan Peterson is a cool dude
We already have wholesome-husband and sexually-secure Duke thanks to you, are we now gonna get psychological-trainwreck Armstrong and unwilling-therapist Raiden too?
GIANNI, it's been so LONG. I missed you. A while back I mistook somebody for a girl and it's just been femboys ever since DX I mean they are all very good at voice acting but IT'S NOT THE SAME.
You see, he doesn't normally write his own speeches
His message seems pretty clear to me. He's telling "woke moralists," which essentially translates to leftists, to screw themselves, because he believes their ideas are so radical that THEY will end up getting cancelled and shunned, unlike the common belief that only alt-right bigots get cancelled.
“He’s speaking the language of the gods”
Where’s the funny?
What
I love the video, but I hate how it’s raising money for abortion. I hate abortion, however I can understand medically necessary abortions (trigger laws) because I do think the mother should have a choice if her life is at risk.
Well it seems to work since it brought me in
knowing what that line is from makes this _thousands_ of times funnier holy shitfhvfkgjfbkljdt
why does armstrong sound so genuinely heartbroken
When the alt right conservatives just need a hug and a vent sess
Maybe you should stop making the fuck up your sources Senator
That cut to the DVD box made me bust out laughing, and then it got emotional and sober and I don't know how to feel now.
"Dude, please go to therapy."  "I am my own therapist!"  "Dude, find a new therapist."
At least he’s honest.
"... Sharp chill in the air."
the most honest reason anyone says they got cancelled
Raiden: do- do you need a hug or something?
My exact thoughts when BJ accused Putin of ''toxic masculinity'' Lmao
I thought he was gonna cry for a moment cuz of lacked attention
In the senator's defense buzz words are in fact effective.
Nanomachines, Peterson.
He’s running out of ideas, HELP someone get a thesaurus and a copy of 1984
I still can't wrap my head around that those were the words that came out of Jordan Petersons mouth.
Raiden: up my what?! is this a coming out moment! Armstrong: oh I'm coming out alright Raiden: really? I mean I respect tha Armstrong: as AMERICAN **punch**
as a person who has never played mgr, the people dubbing this sound a lot like the actual characters in the game
I still can’t believe that’s a REAL Jordan Peterson quote lol, so embarrassing
nice Jordan Peterson reference
this channel is a lottery of either funny content or forced cringy twatter activist memes seems it's bad roll this time
I suppose this is why Armstrong doesn't write his own speeches.
This is actual authentic dialogue in Metgal Gear Rising: Revengeance for the ps4 and xbox 360. I know because I played the game.
Can we please have gianni play  armstrong in  the metal gear rising  remake?
Is that how you woke mob think everyone else thinks? lmaaaaaaaao Cuz as far as I know, YOU'RE the ones who silence, cancel, censor, and ruin people's lives.
average transphobe minus the hulking body lol
cringe.
Twitter moment
Having this end with the hug would have been hilarious.
Metal Gear Rising if Armstrong wrote his own speeches.
the sequel.
"Imagine a world Raiden, free of cancel culture. A world where nobody can call me out for my outlandish claims. A world where I can say the N word!" - Senator "Snap into a Slim Jim" Armstrong
Ellen Page
Cringe and strawpilled
The character development of Senator Armstrong is incredible. It's now at the point where he understands the value of opening up and sharing his vulnerability. Even that slight crack in his voice when he says "I don't know how else to get people to listen to me". Heartbreaking stuff man.  (For legal reasons this is a joke)
I really hope Senator Armstrong recovers from his twitter addiction
0:15 GAMEBOX JUMPSCARE
Metal Gear Rising (Xbox 360)
Psychiatry is a scam run by
Did you know planned parenthood is an inherritantly racist organization with the express mission statement of keeping the Black pop as small and controllable as possible. With over 63 million dead fetus on their hands roughly 80% are black. but who cares about them lets impress over socialized retards with how little we engage with our critical thinking process.
This is blue pilled cringe cope, fam.
Now do “WHAT RULES, YOU SONS OF BITCHES??” please
left still cant meme
Man, this stopped being funny real quick.
you had me in the first half. which is why i "fixed" the video by only keeping the first half in :)
Despite this video being silly it hits hard, poor Armstrong :(
The “Oh God” at the end isn’t due to the fact that Raiden is surprised that Armstrong would do this rather than what he’s doing is actually working.
He learned politics from Ben Shapiro.
another based opinion of senator armstrong
I kinda feel bad for armstrong
To be fair I'm starting to like the idea that Armstrong is a Peterson fan to the point that he quotes him regularly.
Look Raiden, I think twiter has changed me, maybe i should delete them before its get worde
Making the mother of all lobsters here, bucko. Can't fret about every benzo
The frame of the game box was magnificent
Armstrong sound like he’s on the brink of tears
He's been on those forums again.
raiden ruining it ngl. in the nuclear threat tweet too
ok but whats with the picture of mgr's 360 game case
Why did I expected raiden to say "I love you man" at the end?
The zooming out was funny. The zooming _out of the game_ fucking sent me.
Go woke go broke.
I'm praying that eventually real politicians who speak like this will have this kind of breakdown. Also love how one of the frames is just the box for the game.
Armstrong would be the type to go on an all-meat diet and nearly overdose on pain killers. Maybe apple cider vinegar is how to deactivate the nano-machines.
Now this is just sad. Armstrong is just a guy who wants people to listen to his insane rhetoric without cancelling him on Twitter.
Poor Armstrong, all he wants to do is relate with youth of the time.
Sounds like jk Simmons tbh
Don't donate your money to help murder children.  Exodus Chapter 21 22 If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine. 23 And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life, 24 Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, 25 Burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe. BELOW IS A REALLY IMPORTANT VERSE READ IT CAREFULLY 👇🏻 ******Jeremiah 1:5 - BEFORE I FORMED THEE IN THE BELLY I KNEW THEE; and BEFORE THOU CAMEST FORTH OUT of the WOMB I SANCTIFIED THEE, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.******* a baby inside a woman's womb, is a separate human being, with a separate soul and separate DNA.. it's not her body. The Lord knows your child before s\he is even formed, and as soon as you conceive, it becomes a human child with a soul. Don't murder your children. I have 5, I never even thought of aborting. Evil.  Read below 👇🏻 Matthew 18:5-6 ⁵And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me. ⁶But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea. A baby is a sacred gift.. if you deny your child and rob it of it's life, then you deny Yah.  Psalms 127:3-4 3 Lo, CHILDREN are an HERITAGE of the LORD: and the FRUIT of the WOMB IS HIS REWARD. 4 As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man; so are children of the youth.
Oof quarter million views and not even 4k. Woke moralists on life support
Jokes aside this is kind of how I talk to people online, just say weird and random nonsensical shit and hope they say something.
I for one think Gianni does a great job at voicing Senator Jordan B. Armstrong
Chill, man, he just doesn’t want people to call him out on his outlandish claims. He just wants to live in this Walmart of a world!
Meanwhile in a parallel universe where Armstrong's speeches were super ineffective
Alzheimer's IRL
Dr. Armstrong needs the attention of trained professionals
Let's get old town road to 1B views today.
Let's get old town road to 1B views today.
Let's get old town road to 1B views today.
Let's get old town road to 1B views today.
X case = 13.  X.
I like how you can hear Armstrong’s voice breaking with that “I don’t know”.
Trannomachines, son!
*A version of Everywhere At the End of Time featuring music from all of Kojima's games starts playing near the end*
The video is funny but for some dang reason the one singular frame of the MGR Xbox case just got me laughing my butt off. Somehow that made me crack up
I love how it cuts from a far away view to right in front of Raiden and get louder.
Hm. Amusing.  Though I will have to say no to the charity you are promoting. First reason is that babies are human too, they deserve to live too. Secondly, most abortions are elective, meaning that the woman chooses to behave poorly instead of being prepared. If it was for the cases if rape or incest, then that would be a more worthy discussion, but this isn't it. And before anyone says that it will include those cases, no it won't. People who are pro life are not the heartless monsters that the authoritarian and misanthropic left paint them out to be.
imagine if that was the true motivation for the senator though-
this is strangely depressing
You made quite the non-binary fuss
Dude this comment section is full of conservative NPCs and bots of women selling packs. Two of the most annoying people on Youtube
Fundraiser makes sense considering all the gardening tools who want to zandstsu their own children
0:15 I laughed at a cd case bruh whats wrong with me
Lobster daddy but buff
I didn't know JBP actually said this... damn
Can't believe Jordan Peterson actually said this. lmao
Yeesh this guy plugs more vile charities than some liberals on Twitter.
i love how genuinely hurt and pained armstrong sounds now
I'm thinking that it's some socialist beta trying to make a point.
funny, those are the tactics the woke "moralists" themselves use.
Armstrong is off his meds again..
I know this is meant to be a joke, but I feel like this is way more real.   A lot of these people don't really know what they're talking about and just want someone to listen to them.
"Woke Moralists"? There is no such a thing as a liberal with morals. They have situational ethics, not a morality by any means. What they believe is good today they believe is evil tomorrow.
Every irl criminal commiting a  mistaminer on purpose be like:
Senator Armstrong but the nanomachines gave him fucking dementia
The MGR 360 jumpscare really brings it all together
NANOMACHINES AND DEMENTIA,SON
This like current society right now where people just say anything to get attention from anyone
literally armstrong was the first thing i thought of when i first heard peterson say that
You really captured the "on the verge of a complete absolute mental breakdown/panic attack" voice for the Senator, I appreciate that
Armstrongod
the plot thickens
He needsa hug. :c
😂😄😂😄😂😄😂I'm WOKE ass hell
It blows my mind that they don’t like woke moralists… while they keep inflicting their morals on us.
I read it as "woke mortalists" and thought Armstrong had finally unlocked immortality
the funny thing is that the woke dont really have any morals, its entirely subjective and momentary.  the perfect pawns for the elite
Are you trying to mock the anti woke with this video?
Cringe.
nanomachines tho...
damn, funnywes decided to give back by smashing into GIANNI'S house.
I now love it whenever conservatives like Peterson make these outlandish claims, if it means you and Wes are gonna cook up a video together <3
He sound like he was about to burst out crying at the end.
Senator Armstrong just hasn't been the same since he came out of that meat coma.
I don't understand why your Armstrong voice is so inconsistent. Sometimes it sounds like a perfect Omniman impression, in the incorrect summary of MGRR it was a perfect Armstrong impression, and here its like a chainsmoker tough guy.  Is it becomes its a tough voice to do?
Unreal
I love how Armstrong sounds like he's on the verge of tears
i was hoping youd do the plankton one
I love this
???? why did it go to xbox????
"Oh God." Raiden knows he's going to be there for hours, and half of that time is going to be spent playing the cried-upon shoulder/armchair therapist.
I now want Jordan Peterson to debate Armstrong.
"Up yours, woke Morbius"
i love how he's on the brink of crying like jordar peepeerson
Armstrong is supposed to be freaking ridiculous and he's still based as hell.
*procceeds to choke on unfathomable amounts of steak*
Thanks for including the moving and thoughtful live Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance for Xbox 360 reaction
Why is it sad when Armstrong says I don't know how else to get people to listen to me
I mean he is a senator
I think what really sells your Armstrong impression is you just go for all out volume and it works so flipping well. Now the question: Do your neighbors ever file a complaint with the police going "He's over there arguing with this "Raiden" character again....we never see any one else go over but it sounds like a very intense back and forth."
Come on Armstrong, just look at what they're fighting for! The right to kill unborn humans for their own convenience? That't pretty based! They're not moralists, they'd fit right in with your crew!
Guys, the only reason companies are offering money for women to get out of state abortions is because maternity leave is much more expensive, they aren't doing this for you, they are doing it for themselves
Portraying the Senator faltering and floundering... I find it almost blasphemous. Clearly Gianni has been infected by woke moralists and lacks the strength of will to discern truth.
me @ politicians
As someone else mentioned, from someone that was very keen on using "proper pronouns" he should have said "who cancels WHOM" but whatever I guess
changing the audio direction with every camera angle
Is anybody gonna point it out yet?
…what’s the deal with the fundraiser, Gianni?
Clean your room, Senator Armstrong
The abortion Holocaust is the largest scale genocide in human history. You’re raising money for death camps.
Everytime I hear people scream "homophobe,transphobe,biggot,nazi, socialist, etc" at someone :/ seriously guys if you want people to listen to you then explain properly
I can't be the only one who thinks Gianni's humor is drying up right?
What really upsets Peterson is the fact he doesn't know how to talk to people who don't agree with him.
Based Armstrong
more like morbalists... eh
the frightened wavering of armstrong's voice is so good
not a fan of the dunking on JBP - idk I guess it seems to me that the narrative around who the guy is, what he represents is a bit unfair insofar as its represented in this meme and the comments below.  -
Funniest leftist meme.  Also lol roe vs wade is no more 🤣
raiden and armstrong's collective confusion becomes so excessive that even the game's box becomes confused
Raiden! He is clearly lost, just HELP the old fart already! Or are you just gonna stand there and complain, leaving us all with his confused rambling all goddamn day?
you should've linked part 1 :p
This sucks
As a gay person this is very accurate
Jordan Peterson is the lobster king 🦞
He was actually trying to say "who cancels whom"
Well, I don't write my own speeches
Leftists are obsessed with making fun of Dr. Jordan Peterson but we'll see how will have the LAST laugh... WE'LL SEE!
I love the distress in Armstrong's voice as he says "I don't know"
well, if you piece the definitions of the words together, the language semantics and grammar work. so what he says is correct, linguistically. and in my opinion, correct because it's sensible
my favorite version of this meme
Hmm it’s usually the Woke people who repeatedly yell phrases they don’t understand.
Raiden said 'Oh God' because he quickly realized he has to now help an emotionally troubled Armstrong
Good video. But funnywes's Raiden still sucks.
meme king turned philosopher, thank you for this master class art.
Another "meme" channel shilling leftoid propaganda, I quit
Peterson did nothing wrong
you mad? up yours woke moralists
Moralists? Disco Elysium moment
HE DID IT
"oh god"  CANCEL CULTURE STRIKES AGAIN!
Armstrong sounds like he is about to cry
it's "who cancels whom" senator
A Kermit imitation would be more  accurate.
🤣
xbox 360 jumpscare
I'm gonna cry. I want to hug armstrong.
killing children isnt a right
ellen page is not a man and never will be
Raiden’s “oh god...” at the end is like. When you see the middle school bully beat on people all day and then he’s sitting alone at the lunch table. Heart just hitting the floor.
Based as ever
i cant stop speaking gen z to get them to listen to me! jee doesnt that sound familiar bing bong china china
I mean, if he’s referring to Twitter he’s not exactly wrong lol
I feel bad for Armstrong now. :(  Also wanna know how was REALLY woke? The person who wrote collective consciousness.
Standing there......He realized.....
Two funny meme guys team up for meme.  Is very nice.
Loving all of these funnywes gianni collabs
Somehow relatable armstrong.  Very cool.
This was longer than it needed to be
It works both way honestly. I just want to be left alone, I used to be a person who cared alot now I can't muster the energy to care about anything other than what is immediate. I now consider both sides of the argument stupid and a waste of time, as a result I have become happier and less stressed out. I recommend everyone adopt some form of apathy to political, gender and, racial topics, it makes life so much easier.
E
I love this shit
Armstrong suffers from early-onset dementia.
i absolutely adore the 5 frames where there's just. metal gear rising on xbox 360
Metal gear rising for the xbox 360
Omg i @'d you about this
finally someone made this meme Id been waiting
Why'd it cut to a copy of the game? 🤣
That jp video has a lot of ytp potential
King Texan crushes UN robomallcop
THE STILL OF MGR XBOX GOT ME HOWLING
peterson should've used nanomachines
2020s memes are advanced. They're no longer just stuff you laugh at.
armstrong got cancelled =(((
What Daily Wire does to a mf
"I'm gonna be honest with you Jack, I'm actually high as fuck right now"
The sequel we all new we needed.
Poor guy just wanted some to pay attention to him.  I understand.
"I don't know"  Man I feel bad for Armstrong here. He sounds *genuinely* confused, sad and lost
I'm getting some leftoid vibes from this channel. Couldn't be the charities, nah nah
Are the woke moralists sad that they're getting push back?
Woke moralists are just 5 Tumblr users with 12 sock puppet accounts each.
I understand the jp reference
With how sad Armstrong sounded there at the end I half expected it to cut to Raiden giving the guy a hug
idk if all of the people know the reference, but for those who dont know , jordan peterson was suspended from twitter for transphobic and hate speech tweets and in response he made a vid on yt, i highly recommend u watch his vid on yt cus its fucking hilarious and u can probably make 1000s of memes from that 1 vid
Remember, everyone, there's nothing more American than cleaning a room in this Walmart of a world.
Didn't an actual politician say this (I forget who)
"That 15 guy creampie was amazing, time to go get my bi-monthly abortion!"  The Supreme Court:
He was cancelled for calling a trans man a woman and said it was very confusing for him yet he will rather die then delete this nonsense (and something about crime that isn't a crime then crying that others are moralist). By the way Armstrong 2024 before he gets cancelled again or finally gets his medications.
Jordan Peterson meme! Hilarious!
He's trying and succeeding he shouldn't be sad
We laugh, but this is the closest that Armstrong's ever gotten to actual therapy.
Gianni is vaushite confirmed!!!!!1!!!!
honestly I preferred Peterson’s meltdown about sexy thicc women but this is also pretty good meme material.
Armstrong's dementia kicks in
You could post this under every single tweet made by conservative politicians and commentators and you'd ALWAYS be right.
The funniest part is that Jordan Peterson
0:11 STANDING HERE!-
Helpless armstrong is hilarious
Jordan Peterson Rising Revengeance
The duality of man: I actually like JP but I love these memes
Bruh don’t kill babies. How come eating eggs are “bad” to vegans when they aren’t even fertilized but killing a 15 week old living baby is normal.
i have been waiting for this video ever since the original clip was a thing
Poor guy.
This smells like communist propaganda
I dunno. This one doesn't suit Armstrong.      Like the "MILLENIAL LEFTISTS" one was outlandish enough to work for Armstrong.      This one just feels... too lame for Armstrong.
The detail on making his voice sound far away for the camera shot
Jordan Peterson right?
Armstrong really needs to stay off the apple cider
I like how there’s a copy of metal gear rising just slapped in the middle of everything
Man I love funny wes
I don't write my own speeches...
YouTube needs to not allow people to post fundraisers on videos.  IDGAF about reproductive rights, the climate, or diseases.  Quit it.
More revengeance memes pls
What's a moralist?
ah yes, my favourite mgr character Senile Armstrong
"It sounds like using a bunch of buzzwords" says Jack, from Metal Gear: Rising: Revengeace
That little shot of the game's cover when Raiden says "buzz words" reminds me this was a 2013 game.
i feel like the good doctor in question just needs some friends. someone to hang out with and not talk about any of his insane rambling ideas, just a normal person.  shame he would just push them away with all the racist and misogynist nonsense he believes.
Where's the joke
Is this jp reference?
Armstrong sounds like he needs a hug
The long awaited sequel
The speech made sense to me.
raidens that one prick that has to question everything and cant just shut up
I love the “Oh, God…” at the end because it’s Raiden realizing that his confrontational taunt-questions have resulted in genuine emotional honesty from Armstrong, and now he’s feeling morally pressured to connect with Huge Evil Nanomachines Man instead of just hitting him with a sword like he wanted to.
I thought this was gonna be a dementia joke or something
Nano-machines son
Perfect summary of the political statement in The Boys season 3 😂
Raiden is from Aussie land mate??
standing here, i realized he was just like me
return of the king
Gianni plus Wes is the god combo, always a treat
Get woke, go broke
I love how the camera just forgets to switch angles for a moment
Wow, can't believe so many woke moralists here enjoy MGR.
Elliot Page DESTROYS Senator Armstrong's carreer by... doing nothing?
I like you Gianni but I feel like you're not really impartial about your political mockery.
Benzos  son
I mean this basically exactly what the original boss fight is about, just condensed in 26 seconds
It's honestly pretty easy to understand Raiden. Guess he hasn't checked the internet lately..
Just state a random fact without people knowing the source that you made it the fuck up.
Wow the left really can't meme lol. They just reuse the same maxor joke over and over.
Lol I know what this is referencing.   JBP is cringe.
Armstrong’s relapsing on the benzos again.
That doesn't sound like Raiden at all. You okay man?
Yup, just like Twitter
Armstrong still based
Armstrong is pretty based
The one picture of the MGR Box really caught me off gaurd
Can I get a version that is just the first 2 seconds? It would be rather useful.
At least he's honest
damn this was fast
Todo bien hasta que ves para  que son las recaudaciones 🗿
I felt sad for the poor senator. So confused, he doesn't even know what he's fighting for anymore, it's all a burning memory.
standing here he realizes
CANCEL CULTURE STRIKES AGAIN!!!!!I!
The second i saw that meme i was hoping you'd voice it
Honestly I think Peterson has lost his mind at this point
STANDING HERE, I REALIZE
Why is there a single frame that's just the XBox version of the game at 0:15
The biggest crossover event of the century
Armstrong just need a a hug and to be told everything will be alright.... Also that he's wrong and need to stop having opinions or were putting him in a home.
am I the only one who thinks senator Armstrong might need a hug  it seems to be dealing with some heavy stuff in his life, I think riden might need to sit him down and have a talk with him
A marketing strategy will be always a marketing strategy
What a sweet confused boomer. He just wants a friend.
Holy fucking cringe
What if Armstrong has a twin brother?
I still can't believe Jordan Peterson actually fucking said this. Wtf even is a moralist?
The "I don't know" sounded so pained and sincere
It's honestly impressive how anything Armstrong says can be convincing if said in the right tone
“Oh god is he gonna cry now?”
"oh god... he has a character arc"
TRUE.
Peterson is such a joke, that’s not even an insult he’s just hilarious
Now do one of a far left person lol they love their buzzwords too
Why does the box for Metal Gear Rising on the 360 get me so much?
Doge Vandire
This is the peak
Nice
I await the day when Jordan Peterson's dream about his grandmother is referenced in these videos, that is a horrifying trip.
Was this a joke or some political statement?
It's scary to realise this is accurate
He should just call raiden "racist"
So _that's_ why he doesn't write his own speeches. They'd be completely nonsensical.
When Armstrong writes his own speeches.
Armstrong quoted Jordan Peterson 🤣
I mean he doesn't write his own speeches, whoever made that speech needs to be fired.
armstrong in the timeline where he writes his own speeches.
You gave raiden a slight aussie accent
This is the best birthday present, thank you both so much
Oh god...
Buzzwets
Yhe random few frames on the game box just sends me and i sont know why its like that stupid burito omg i cant
Next do a calm one on one between them where they discuss social anxiety whilst sitting side by side watching the sky and birds.
Why does he hate us. Us moralists are just trying to be moral bruv. Ya know how hard it is to replay all those RPG's and only pick the "Good guy" options?
Armstrong sounds so heartbroken.
h amburg e
We're in the bad timeline.
YES ITS WES AGAIN
that was kinda depressing
Your voice is killer as always but the ambient wind really set the scene
Armstrong just needs someone to talk to...
Jordan B. Armstrong
I see funnywes, i like
(Desperately) "I don't know."
imagine talking about morals and then having a huge sidebanner about abortions. absolutely disgusting. killing babies is NOT okay
"SENATOR! RAIDEN KILLED A LATINX PERSON OF COLOR! HE CAN BE CANCELLED!!!"
"I don't know" sounds heartbroking
Just speak from the heart, Mr Armstrong. Together we can make a world where men choose their own battles and fight only for causes they believe in
Boss fight canceled for existential crisis. Please try again tomorrow.
Didn't expect to see Gianni turning a JBP meltdown into a Senator Armstrong meme, but I'm here for it 🤣
oh he me fr
Ah piss off, leftie. It's murder.
The abrupt and hopeless"I don't know" is the funniest shit I've seen in a long time Holy shit.
This really is how it be.
Wes and Gianni are the crossover I didn't know I needed.
i feel bad for him
Years of steroi… i mean “nanomachine” abuse have taken their tole on Armstrong 😢
armstrong is the only voice gianni can't impersonate correctly
Armstrong just had a tough childhood, his parents didn't give him the attention he needed so that's why he used a gigantic beam shooting, sword slashing robot that has the potential to shoot nuclear warheads to battle the whole country of Pakistan.
Armstrong is still taking the divorce pretty hard
Cope
Metal Gear Rising on Xbox 360, good old times
Instead of rushing forward and punching Armstrong 2,000 times Raiden just walks up, pats him on the shoulder, and quietly leaves.
okay but the box of mgr showing up in the middle there tho
I laughed so hard on Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance Xbox 360 box. God, what is wrong with my sense of humour
The way Armstrong's sentences end abruptly and perplexedly makes me laugh my ass off
0:14 Which is why I will instantly nope out of something when I notice people doing that instead of having a coherent statement.
Armstrong sounds like he just needs a good friend or therapist or something.
Alex Jones in a nutshell
the best part was the 6 frames of the revengence box, lmao
As soon as I saw the meme, I knew this video was going to happen.
if armstrong just started crying at the end i would have fucking died
I'm so glad you and Wes are teaming up more. y'all's sense of humor mesh so wonderfully and she's such a perfect Raiden VA.
You took my favorite character of yours, and turned him into a weak little joke. I'm sorry you don't seem to understand the struggle, but this nation used to build railroads.
Wooden cog descending
Meme aside, I still can't believe Jordan Peterson saw that on a piece of paper, said that out loud, recorded it, sent it to an editor, got it approved by Daily Wire producers, posted it on YT and noone said anything
Senator Armstrong is just tired
He just said that he doesn't like the woke culture.
He just needs a hug ;-;
That's what happens when you don't write your own speeches.
Senator Armstrong being the mouthpiece for stupid things conservatives say will never not be funny.
Armstrong should have stayed writing self help books, his addiction to nanomachines and the induced coma really rotted his brain
you can hear the pain in his voice He's on the verge of tears
Yawn, as ever, the left cannot meme.
So sad how Armstrong spent all that time in Russia to deal with his addiction
I'm embarrassed to be a fan of his in the past, I am proud of getting away from that shite.
TIL that libtards think "woke" is a buzzword
this is literally me
This is the first time I've seen Armstrong this quiet, he's really going through it
Armstrong really had a Biden moment. That's sad.
Think about the words you say many of our fights coud be resolved if you stop and think about wat Is being said  and what your saying
I thought this was another Politician on Twitter But I can't believe it's actually Pordan Jeterson having a meltdown on Youtube.  I can't. I'm dying.😭😭😭
_YOU MILLENIAL LEFTISTS WHO NEVER LIVED A DAY UNDER NUCLEAR THREAT, CAN NOW REFLECT UPON_ *YOUR* *WOKE* *S K Y*
This should have just ended with cancel culture strikes again
The cut to the disc case LMAO
why is this the funniest part? 0:15
It's hard being a generation behind and having to speak in a now foreign world...
“But we’re making the mother of all omelets Jack! Can’t fret over eve yet egg!” “That doesn’t make any fucking sense either!”
That "i don't know" sounded so defeated that i felt bad for senator Armstrong...
Every since hearing Gianni's Spike impression way back when, it's been insane to his exposure grow. Please keep on shit posting for all our sakes.
You made Armstrong sound like he was really close to bursting into tears at the end, it almost tells a story on its own.  That genuinely made me feel bad for him, fucking masterpiece.
"Ha! You got ratioed by the thesaurus! How do you manage that man? You're 50!" - Raiden
He just sounds so sad, he simply wants people to listen to him. Maybe he just wants to chat.
Senator Bidenstrong
The ambient-free and slightly ominous CD was... a nice touch.
That's just dumb...Armstrong can absolutely get people to listen to him, he's played Collage ball you know.
Is this the guy civvie keeps counting?
"I MADE IT THE FUCK UP"
"Oh god" is right... senator Armstrong's fame [it's starting to fall apart.]
The single xbox 360 frame 💀
I can't believe it, a match made in heaven.
cringe fundraiser.
the collab everyone needed.
The genuine pain in “I don’t know”
When you're trying to make the mother of all omelets but you forget how to crack an egg
Oh, Senator Armstrong.  Whom*.
this is too meta
My meme-addled idiot zoomer brain filled in the vine booms.
I kinda felt bad for him 🤣
3 buzzwords? You think that's bad, Raiden? Check the Internet Lately?
Love this
Why?  Nano machines son.
Roughly speaking
these cuts are diagnosing me with epilepsy
Cringe
Armstrong sounds like he's gonna start crying whenever he isn't screaming
well that was depressing. Armstrong sounds like he's on the verge of tears.
This completely destroys the charisma that’s been displayed by Armstrong in every single one of his scenes. This is Peak comedy
"Idonno"
You two fit so well together, more videos like this would be great
I hope people realize it's a Jordan Peterson reference.
"I'm losing myself."
I love how Armstrong is just standing here, and realized what he said
You woke moralists … also, you’re a sinner who’s going to hell.  Conservative logic is an oxymoron.
I read that as Morbalists  Help
Its sad how this is the state of the real world now
Canonically raiden would be the one saying this. He didn’t even know what a meme was in the game.
Armstrong was too busy listening the needs of americans that he forgot to listen himself
Interestingly enough, that's exactly how both sides sound at this point. When is the "tit-for-tat" mentality going to end?
Ain’t gonna donate to a scam
Why do you do this? My glutamatergic system is broken. *cries*
That was easily one of the funniest things that the apple cider-hating man has ever said.  It's right up there with his rather devious and wacky delivery of the line "What rules, you sons of bitches?!"
Lmao why the copy of metal Gear rising on the Xbox 360
ever since the "millennial leftists" post, gianni vids with armstrong in them fill me dread. not because of the content, but because i might have to learn about what a politician said on twitter.
Lame. Whenever you nut bags don't understand an argument you pretend it has no validity. Here is the basics: Woke society is completely insane and actively harmful. Stop it. Get some help.
I like the video but abortion is monstrous and disproportionately targets black and brown mothers. So hard pass on that, I'm not into eugenics.
Armstrong yelling “WE'LL SEE WHO CANCELS WHO” is the most intimidating shit
I can't wait for gianni to voice gabriel in act 2
wes and gianni are just two voice actors who occasionally break into each others houses for memes and i wholeheartedly accept and support that
Lol
wes has the best raiden voice
I think Armstrong could use a hug, but I dunno how you'd go about that without him breaking every bone in your body
I was waiting for this
The “I don’t know” is so genuinely desperate, absolutely hilarious
So basically you say that Peterson used that phrasing because "he doesnt know how else get people to listen to him"? Riiight.  Now there is a funny meme, exquisite.
He just sounds so broken.
THE CUT TO THE XBOX 360 METAL GEAR RISING BOX
ngl this kinda makes me sad for armstrong. it sounds like someone who is deprived of attention and has to do these crazy things just to be seen, noticed, just to not feel like a ghost.  We see you armstrong. You’re not a ghost.
Aussie Raiden is glorious
This plus the original video that inspired this meme gave me the laugh I desperately needed. Thank you
He need a hug
Whom*  Also the realization that Armstrong is just putting on an act is amazing
xbox dvd
I just love the confused boomer Armstrong lol
Hope sensibility prevails and JB gets reinstated, His suspension (and literally anyone that mentions the topic) is quite honestly terrifying.
The camera panning out so far that you're just looking at the game case is so fucking funny
*whom We'll see who cancels whom.
Now armstrong knows how the cancellers feel.
"up yours, woke moralists" fund for abortions
0:19 me_irl
Politics in a nutshell
The way how the voices sound every time the camera pans away is cool man, some don’t, so this is so cool
jordan peterson moment
Armstrong in the game: a stalwart idealist whose ideology makes sense but is ultimately flawed because of his inability to see the worth in normal and innocent people caused by his wildly warped idea of an utopian meritocracy Armstrong in the memes: what if Ben Shapiro went to the gym instead of binge-reading a thesaurus?
I cannot escape him
luv me Dr. Peterson, simple as
Lol I saw a tweet saying this exact video should happen. And I'm so glad it actually happened lol
Making the mother of all speeches here, Jack. Can't fret over every word.
"I Don't write my own speeches"
He sounded so sad
Oh man, that sounded pathetic. Excellent.
You completed his arc
He's back
“What rules? You sons of bitches” 🐸🥺
Is "moralist" really a buzzword now?
Jordan Peterson
Sometimes I wonder if I pursue hobbies not because I like them but because I can have an identity of sorts, like without any notable features of me, am I nothing?
Now I want to reply Metal gear rising but I don’t want to go through that stupid dark section again
Post modern neo markist😞🤫❤️
I find that screaming and punching people works well enough but might I suggest also throwing air planes at people too?
hearing armstrong not be yelling while talking is weird by now lmao
Gianni & Funnywes are *the* dynamic duo of the century.
“He's searching non-stop for moar eggs, Jack. To deploy the Mother Of All Omelletes!” — a quote from Liquid Snake in MGS3, probably.
Now I feel bad for him.
I love how the audio changes with the camera
wow, he is literally me!
I'm sorry Gianni, but that random cut to the irl pic of revengeance was the funniest shit you've ever done.
Everyone always tries to ask "Senator Armstrong please stop punching me."  But no-one ever asks "Senator Armstrong please stop punching me."   Because he has already punched them
Giving Stan Pines vibes
Glad to see funnywes and Gianni doing another video together
When Armstrong writes his own speeches.
:C
poor thing
I knew this was going to happen and I already love it!
The birds eye view shot of the game killed me
What rules you sonsa bitches!
standing here I realize...I realize...shit. What did I realize?
Cancel culture strikes again!
(Jack, did in fact, hurt him.)
Man, you gotta do more of this in Armstrong’s voice. It works so well.
To be honest there is no other way to talk to liberal moralist, they just don't listen to facts and logic, the only way is through emotional statements; the more powerful and controversial the statement the stronger the arguements become. Armstrong is good with logic but he can also invoke some emotional statements too, i think he will be fine in arguing the liberal moralists, afterall he himself is fanatic liberal, so it's kinda his playground to mess with.
I was waiting for this. Thank you.
I just found out about what JP said about 5 hours ago. This is perfect timing.
Thank you gianni
Yeah no, abortion is murder. Murder is not supported by the constitution. It is, in fact, illegal, and extremely immoral. Especially when over 98 percent of abortions are done as a means of birth control.
the cancels who part didn't make sense but first one did
<3
Hes making the mother of all hot takes jack. Cant fret over every buzzword
This is so sad can we get -69 likes
THATS REALLY METAL, MY GEAR IS RISING!!!!!!!!
I really like how it just cuts to the game cover for one second.
Peterson called them Woke moralists because they were projecting the woke ideology of “dead naming” onto Peterson tweet and decided that it went against their moral standings (which are informed by their work ideology).
Armstrong said it best, even if he didn’t really say anything at all
The awkward silent pauses are what make this
He just needs a hug.
Political YouTube ads be like:
I love that in most voiceovers Raiden's voice isn't acurate, but Armstrong's is, because he's the one we all really care about
Being Gianni’s neighbour must be either interesting or annoying, if you just came home from a Night Shift and in the middle of your sleep to hear UP YOUR’S WOKE MORALIST, or other quotes in a senator Armstrong voice.
All that Blood on Raiden’s hands
this is so perfect
This is honestly just adorable
Xd
"My... My wife left me, Raiden."
waw
wooooooo new gianni video
Not sure weather a hug or suffocation via chill pill would be more effective
That was just kinda sad
Armstrong: “I don’t know how else to get people to listen to me...”   NANOMACHINES, SON!!! Use them to do something stupendous!  Liberate a dictatorial regime! Hunt down and take out the world's most wanted! Go up and down Everest in a day!  That will get people's attentions REAAAALLL quick!
ahahahahahhahahahaha this is the best one yet
Senator, we can talk. It’s ok.
Dunking on Jordan Peterson  (You love to see it.)
STANDING THERE HE REALIZED
Wes and Gianni teaming up to voice tweets as MGR characters is the greatest source of serotonin I’ve found since playing the game itself
Senator Armstrong is a prime egoist and finds non-relative morality redundant
Virtue machines son!
Who says up yours
OMG FUNNYWES YESSSSSS
"I'M A POLITICIAN, RAIDEN! I MUST SPEAK BIG WORDS ON A THEATRICAL WAY IF I WANT TO WIN ELECTIONS!"
Funnywes trully is a gift to this channel
The fact that this phrase is from an actual commentator and he is getting mocked near unanimously is amazing.
Arms strong, but word slow.
CANCEL CULTURE STRIKES AGAIN
To be fair they’re existence is on the level of a buzzword
Raiden put Armstrong on an all meat diet
Fucking knew this was coming.
Continue to cry about it on Twitter
All right, the truth then. You're right about one thing... I do need likes. AND retweets!
after that vid came out I was just waiting for armstrong
hearing funnywes in this video was  a suprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
He seems so sad when saying "I don't know how else to get people to listen to me"
Well, he doesn't write his own speeches, you know
Senator Armstrong sounded like he was going to cry when he said no one listened to him
the choice to render this in 4:3 is an artistic one, and i approve
He just wants attention guys. He’s very lonely
I love how in other MGR voice videos, Armstrong is well like Armstrong, but with Gianni Matragrano's videos he's just like the rest of them, like the ones that only care about lining their own pockets, that and their approval ratings. Having no principles, just like the rest.
Alt title: Armstrong has a mental breakdown while Raiden tries not to break character and walk off the robot
Can be said of both the "Woke" and "Anti-Woke" crowds... 🤭
So many voters ask, "Who is Senator Armstrong?" Nobody is asking, "How is Senator Armstrong?"
"NICE HAIRCUT, LIBERAL!" -Senator Joe Armstrong
This is a certified boo-womp moment
The "Pathetic armstrong" arc begins now
Steven Biden.
big fan of the 3 frames of the Xbox dvd case
Yea.
morality
So are we not gonna talk about the random picture of MGR for the Xbox 360 at 0:15?
I lost it at "i dont know"
“I’m just reading the script for this video man, don’t ask, I don’t why he writes this garbage!”
It's even better than I hoped, thanks Gianni
Truly a Twitter moment
Gianni and Wes MGR collab videos are honestly just the best
That little bit of self awareness will go a long way, Armstrong. It's the first step towards self-improvement!
Alex Jones in a nutshell
What the fuck with that mini shot of metal gear rising: revengeance for Xbox 360
Super Macho Moment
Don't worry, Armstrong. We'll all listen.
I love how zooming out and in also affected the sounds, makes it more natural
to go from a fan of this channel, to being on it, to being a friend of yours is unreal. it's something i will always cherish. you are an amazing talent and an even amazing-er person, thanks so much for having me on again. now, NOW i can retire
the sequel to “cancel culture strikes again”
Fun fact: this can work as a joke no matter which political party you insert as Sen. A  Your government does not care about you. Only about what you can provide it.
He has been shitposted on for so long that Armstrong has become meta aware of the bizarre jokes they make him say.
If I had any editing skills I would have spliced your Armstrong dialog with KaiserNeko's Raiden's retort.
Someone give him a hug.
You know it's gonna be a banger from Gianni as soon as you see Armstrong
Liberals innit
This one scene is the only thing I know about this game and I REFUSE to change that. The mental image of an entire Metal Gear game being this one battle is too hilarious.
so much text
well this is awkward
Now do one thats actually funny.
Ah yes, Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance but senator Armstrong has dementia
Failed charisma check
gotta love the random picture of Metal Gear Rising Revengeance on the XBOX 360
that was fast
Raiden: *Oh God he's crying again.*
Up whose?
"my source is that i made it the fuck up!"
He might need a hug :|
0:15 why a frame of the xbox mgr copy tho?💀💀💀
Oh God you really are a politician
armstrong just sounds defeated
incredible, simply perfect
10/10
Perfect
Supporting infanticide is kinda gross man.
I'm making the mother of all patriotic speeches, here, Jack. Can't fret over every meaningless sentence.
Talk about character development! Armstrong finally recognizing he really just wants attention and is saying dumb shit just to get it, finally recognizing why he does things. The Gianni cinematic universe is evolving into one beautiful coherent shitpost and I am all for it.
How that was really sad. Oof, you captured the sound of a fragile scared man losing his grip on the world.
Man will say literally anything before they will go get therapy.
Fucking love your collabs with wes they're perfect
"I dont know" the genuine sad uncertainty gets me so hard. Edit: Its been 4 days and I just realized the phrasing...its too late isnt it?
jordan peterson is funny
“I don’t know how else to get people to listen to me”  This is the same man who is built like a metal gear and is thicker than the state of Texas
Rare moment of vulnerability from Armstrong
honestly... that makes sense
Thank you I needed this
This is why Armstrong and Raiden chose to fight, so it wouldn't be awkward 😂
Does he... need a hug? Or something?
why does armstrong look like he's staring at the camera at the end
I'm just trying my best, give me a break
The sad truth, its really hard to get people to vote for you these days
I was hoping for this We live in an age of miracles
So stupid. Just watch a 10 second clip from a 13 minute speech and pretend you understand something.  Fuck a dick.
0:17 cripto bros be like
this is the first time ive heard anyone voice armstrong without an "America Fuck Yeah" tone and instead a defeated awkward tone  and i dont know how to feel
Sometimes I can't believe Jordan Peterson is a real person
That cut to the Xbox 360 version of Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance was just Kino👌👌👌
what a wonderful surprise to hear funnywes!!! love yall's collabs!!
Funnywes and Gianni, the  mother of all omelettes!
I didn't realize Armstrong recovered from a benzo addiction. Glad to see he's doing okay.
Turns out all you need to save the world is a good therapist
Raiden's voice while the camera switches to a cinematic view makes it better.
Fucking Savage
*Armstrong: “I don’t know how else to get people to listen to me”*  Me: I think it’s time you find someone else to write your speeches.
YES WES IS OFFICIALLY CANON (Unless she made another appearance before this video that I somehow missed)
Jordan Peterson got so much brain damage from that trip to Russia it's insane
I knew it was Wes who did Raiden from the start. Amazing video as always lol
The dude sounded like he was on the verge of tears near the end.
Damn right
Most coherent Jordan Peterson moment
Raiden voice is perfect, mad respect to whomever voiced him for this
Certified Jordan Peterson Moment.
Reflect on your words and actions to own the libs
Dang, that benzo addiction really did a number on Armstrong, didn't it?
*Basically every conservative
metal geer on da xbox 360
I'm honestly kinda glad you two are doing more stuff as a pair.
No one is appreciating he showed the cover box after mocking how Armstrong is using buzzwords
I didn't know that, Gianni voicing the senator from MGR would fit it so well.
I've been looking at VA shitposting for way too long, Took me a second to realize I was looking at a crossover of Armstrong hitting the first stage of grief
I don’t care what anyone says, 0:15 is the peak of all human comedy, past present and future
That last line from Armstrong sounds so viscerally sincere and desperate and I don't know why.
Oh God I can relate to you hard-core Armstrong. I don’t know how to get people to listen to me either but The one thing you should never do is quit. if a man has a dream they gotta fight for it. the only thing we Americans understand is action for words are for nerds and blood speaks more. So let the world hear you Armstrong. Let them know that there is actual politician that gives a shit about them.😺
Just finished MGR. Perfect timing.
God damn man this is gold
i hate how defeated armstrong sounded and how i lowkey felt for him
He took too many red pills.
*Epic*
This is definitely a Metal Gear Rising : Revengeance for the Xbox 360 moment. Thanks, Gianni and Wes.
Armstrong developing an existential crisis is just the logical conclusion I was expecting.
I thought this said ‘UP YOURS, WOKE MOLERATS!’
He is just sad and confused. Someone just play the boo womp sound now
Lol the audio fading in and out when the camera changes angle.   Good stuff GIanni.
Unfortunately for Armstrong, this moment proved that his nanomachines couldn't harden in response to mental trauma.
The cut to just the box of metal gear rising was just. Perfect. Borderline experimental.
He's slowly become under control of the WOKE MIND VIRUS
…was that an exterior shot of the game they’re in at 0:15
I really hope Senator Armstrong recovers from his twitter addiction
Absolutely incredible character development
I didn't expect you'd do this line but HELL YEAH
Hey, I remember this exact scene at the 3:21:47:18 mark of me playing. Funny someone else found it
I gasped when I saw this was posted but when I heard FunnyWes is when I reached *nirvana*
Raiden really needs to stop forgetting about giving Armstrong his meds
Aww poor guy
good.
i love the honest confusion in his voice lol
bro i need to hear that but in Skeletor's voice PLEASE
The random frames of Metal Gear Rising for the Xbox 360 really add to the experience
I don’t know what it is about Armstrong and jack talking to each other like they’re buddies but I find that wholesome despite them being rivals(or enemies cuz I think raidens rival is vamp right?)
That frame of the copy of the game was absolutely amazing
Gianni, your Armstrong impressions give me nothing but pure joy. Please never stop
Too real. 1 like if you cry every time you watch Metal Gear Rising meme videos.
I thought you were BASED, Armstrong! But it turns out you're just CRINGE
Armstrong sounds sad
Standing here, I realize...that I just kinda need some validation right now, honestly.
Yes
Holy shit, I didn't think you'd make a meme out of that tweet 🤣🤣🤣
He just wants people to listen
I kinda feel bad for Armstrong, he’s just a big confused dude
Autismomachines, son!
Maybe the real revengence was the friends we cancelled along the way
That Oh God... in the end tho
Senator Armstrong being based as always.
why is there a frame of metal gear rising revengance xbox 360 edition standing ominously on a wooden table?
That's just depressing
real
Damn i... I feel bad
The lack of a concise ending is what makes this good.
That “I don’t know” sounded so genuine and sad
I really needed a laugh right now, thanks gianni
Yo Gianni has a copy of mgr for the Xbox
Well, don’t blame me, I  tied for Kang!
F
based and nano-machine pilled
Armstrong clearly needs a fuggin hug…
poor guy
Armstrong: Emotionally vunerable ark
I think Armstrong really has lost it
I thought he said mortals
First time I’ve felt bad for Armstrong
Very good, as always.
He sounded legitimately sad
Metal Gear: Existential Crisis
LMFAOOO THE PAUSE BRO😂😂😂
The second I saw the original video on twitter I knew this would produce gold
Armstrong Clarification Arc
2 real 2 fast
This line was so hilarious when jp said that
The I don’t know sounds so perfect
?????
Raidens oddly calm lol
Hey bro
Nanomachines…… erghhh I forgot
Up my what? UP MY WHAT?!?!!
Yassssssssssss Armstrong is Love, Armstrong is Life.
I made it the fuck up
Based Senator
Silly man up to no good
i cancel him.
Memory loss
It’s 6AM, I haven’t slept at all, I’m totally woke.
Kid named burger:
BASED AS HELL
Moralists
