Love the graphics! anyone know where to get a decal like that huge checkered waving flag?
Why did I smell exhaust as soon as you started up the Vette?   If you haven't figured it out already, whenever you pull out of a 90 degree corner, pull straight out till your front tires hit the middle of the lane and then turn the wheel to the lock. Do not turn the wheel at all, until the tires hit the center of the lane. The will help so you don't have to swing as wide. You have probably realized this, but plan your backing in, so your turns are always on the driver's side. Try not to set yourself up where you have to turn the wheel right while backing. That is your blind side. You have no idea what is over there.
Might outta look into getting a Steering Buddy to remotely steer the car when pushing the car in and out of the trailer. I've only ever seen Dirt Super Late Model teams use them, but they use it for loading their cars into their stacker trailers. It makes it so you don't have to climb in the car to steer it into the trailer, and so you don't have to squeeze outta the car once it's in the trailer. The Steering Buddy's are battery powered and run off of the same batteries used in cordless impacts and drills. It just has a simple, single handed remote controller connected to the Steering Buddy thru a cord long enough to reach behind or in front of the car so you can steer and push at the same time. You do have to have a quick release steering wheel, as the steering buddy connects directly onto the splined steering shaft where the steering wheel would normally connect. I know the dirt racing guys love not having to squeeze out of the car after it's loaded, or squeeze back in the car to  steer it when it's time to unload it.
So cool to see this, scroll down and see a seven year old video of you stoked to just have a trailer.
Do you need a CDL?
Not a great system. Cringe to watch. No fucking way that lifter gonna last forever when it goes out your in a fucked scenario. And that shit is guaranteed to go out. Your desire for something flashy and different will not pay off. Better to spend a month at a truck school, get your Class A and do it proper with a semi-tractor and a REAL enclosed car hauler. This bus idea is a joke. Hard to watch this shit. Do it right or don't do it at all.
Nice video sir .
I have owned 4 Eagles and cannot understand why anyone would have gone this route to build a hauler out of one. It looks great but the practicality of going behind the engine compartment and close it in is Ludacris. It's difficult enough to service the engine when it was on the very back of the bus but now it totally enclosed is absolutely nuts! These old Eagles have enough problems with cracking around the rear suspension when they are in the stock configuration, I can only imagine what this will do the suspension.
Please make a covered port for the old gal. The Florida sun will destroy that roof in 2 or 3 years.  Its a really cool well maintained bus. I'm really happy for you.
awesome rig
Awesome
Would love to see an heart monitor during this
Nice bus! About those doors….. maybe you should just remove them?
I’d put it under Cover when parked at home for sure. Those slide components and hard plastic vent covers and stuff on top will dry rot if not kept in the shade.
Work under the lift in the rain.
In most states you DON'T need a CDL as long as it is plated as an RV. A couple of things you do, make SURE you know how to adjust your breaks ,and i wouldn't take it to a Cummins dealer at first if it's been turned up any. There's a good chance a dealership WILL  set it back to specs. Good luck with it.
This hurts my soul, ( i understand new drive to the bus ) but common sence is take a coruse to learn before buying & trying  IMO ( Coach/Bus Drive of 12 years)  LOL Pay me to drive it  hahaha
I wanna live in one of those just to have my own adventure rv
Get a Rand McNally Motors Carriers Road Atlas, but get the laminated spiral bound book so you can lay it flat and use dry erase maker for your routes. I'm a truck driver as well and the GPS is great, but it has "steered" me wrong. Also, using "the book" as I call it, gives you an awareness that no GPS can give ya. Great video btw!!!?
"Let’s take an AC break” needs to be a shirt or something
Those wheel spikes are rediculous. Take those off.
Get a hawse fairlead for that winch to replace the roller style, will keep you from ever dealing with it catching again
Really irks me that only one wheel is missing the spikes haha
To center the car on the ramps measure and apply some duct tape first to the tire edges on the ramp where the wheel base is centered on the ramp.
It looks like you have an in motion satellite on top, you’ll have to get a Direct TV subscription, Also know not to overheat your brakes going down steep mountains or you won’t like the outcome, center of gravity is much greater as well.
I think you need to learn how to drive a big rig. I don’t think you have never drove a big rig before .
NEED TO FILL YOUR BLACK AND GREY TANKS WITH WATER AND FRESH WATER IF YOU WANT TO SHOWER
Engine heats water
Should have bought a motor coach with slide outs and a stacker trailer.
At what point in the video does it show you driving the 'vette into the bus? I'm skipping around b/c I'm short on time, and I can't find it. Thanks.
I recognize the FPL plant in Debary there
Change the av input on the tv lol. It sounds like it set up so you can watch a dvd or something else in the dvd or vcr player but keep the tv off. So the sound and tv are separate systems. edit. Now i'm thinking about it more, the vcr will be channel 3 or 4. The dvd will be on av1. and the sound of those will be routed into the hi-fi not the tv. So no sound will come out the tv, just the hi-fi.
Bad designing every where
man this lift really doesn't look like it should physically be able to actually lift this car XD
I chuckled so many times when it crossed my mind that your neighbors have to hate seeing you coming.
Why not get a tow behind vehicle so you have something to run arrands with and not stuck where ever you are set up without having to pack up
why didn't you put the wheel chucks back behind the tires, once the car was in the bus ?
As I  any new aquire or implement, there's a learning curve. And your learning curve happens to be a game changing piece that just needs very minor tinkering and figuring out. Great acquisition!!
Cut a hatch in the loading ramp and you can use it as a lift for track side oil changes.
Man that thing is massive. Heavy to I bet. Pretty awesome stuff.
I’m confused, you don’t drink coffee?
Just a thought, do you have to have those doors on the back of the truck at all? If its water tight without them and could you make the ramp lockable for security reasons
Try to work in a trip to the Bus Grease Monkey to have a once over and have him nut and bolt it.
This so awesome
you are better off with trailer.... sorry.
Don't let slack into your wenchline when sit down until there's some weight still on the cable never let your wench cable go completely slack
Guide tracks or channels with indexing dowels  on the ramp. that way you're located in the same exact place every single time you drive the car onto the trailer ramp. Use L channel on the inside of the wheels opposite  each  other.  I used a composite  2x6 and  a 2x4. I got the idea  when  taking my daily driver through  the car wash.
Just put guide  Channels  on your ramp .force the tires into the proper location every time you pull on to the ramp
Need some solar integrated into the roof so you dont need the generator as often and you basically never have to worry about the batteries if you're just running the winch and lift.
No spike lug nuts on the passenger rear? But yes on the driver side?? 👍👍🇬🇧🇬🇧
Lol Fast and the Furious must staaaay on that DVD player for the lols
I suggest before you take any road trip. #1. Change your oil and your coolant fluids. #2. Obviously your will be changed with your oil change. But you need to change your fuel filter or filters and air filter. Note: you probably know this already that a diesel is a CI engine... Fuel and Air. Very important to keep those regularly replace. They will definitely keep your miles per gallon within specifications. If you don't you will start experiencing a lack of power. #4. Speaking of filters. Always keep an extra fuel filter (s)... Always. #5. Make sure you have a set of replacement fuses and familiarize yourself where the fuse box(es) are located, extra bulbs and 🔺  roadside warning devices.  And one low beam and one high beam replacement lamps.  You have moved into the world of commercial driving now. Trust me these things are very important. Oops almost forgot. Change those freaking belts... All of them. And is it good thing to have spares. I have had to change belts a few times on the road myself and saved myself a lot of money. You don't want to be calling Roadside Service👀😧😨😱😬 Beautiful RIG! Oh one more thing. The specs on that Cummins engine should be on the head gasket cover.
Looks like a Cummins engine???
Love the back doors. Reminds me of the 50's GM Future Liners.🙂
You need to update the systems and a Garmin GPS is in order! Your N14 is a amazing engine! Love the content!!
Anyone who has ever had a race car would drool at your setup. And your vision for everything is interesting. I'm  new subscriber, and look forward to hearing more.
Eagles have the worst turning radius. If they would’ve moved the bodies behind the axle and maid them tags, things would’ve been so much better. But bankruptcy took them down Be glad you didn’t get a 45’er😅
It's a coach not a bus partner😅
Awesome hauler thought, love the Vette too!!!!!
Do you really need the extra doors? It would give more without those doors!
It be nice if the lift was opened in the center so you could use it as a repair lift at the track as well.
It's a Cummings isx (epa 07)
Maybe it's just me but the current design is just so cool that wrapping it seems like a bad idea. It's a throwback for sure, but it looks super clean!
Biggest problem is now everything in the back of the bus is 4' in the air... super inconvenient when you are back and fourth working on something.  Are you going to use the lift every time you need something? Are you bringing stairs?
Great Bus, but it will eat your time.
I would live in this
When you make sharp turn,  as in backing up in your driveway. Can you not lift the tag wheels?
As a bus operator I know you have a lot to learn. Go get your CDL. It will help greatly. Dry lube for the slides only.   Good luck with the new vehicle.  Oh and look all over for rust. Remember only use quality diesel because that will make a huge difference.
get ahold of Bus Grease Monkey, you can do all your own work, and he goes over the bus head to toe.
tv might just be a burned out backlight
hell yea dude theat buss is fucking sickkkk
You need to learn how to adjust the brakes and I think there's i d tag on top of the fuel pump but its a nice rig
I have a 42 ft motor home would not open slide on uneven ground if you do t have a leveling system
Hi how are you doing I love your rv/car hauler bus.  One thing though what I would have done is the ramp platform should not act as a ramp.  The platform you drive car onto should raise up the way it does but once it is up with car on it I saw that you winches car into bus but what if the platform slid into the bus with car on it that would be awesome that's what I would try to change with that set up if possible wouldn't that be great you wouldn't have to drive car into bus and put up ramp just drive car on it lift up and some how get platform to slide in maybe rollers on it and winch platform in less chance of damage on car and bus I saw you trying to steer car while winching it in if whole platform went in less chance of damage and it would be easy wouldn't have to move car
I would be really careful about parking that in the gravel area if it ever rains enough there to get the ground saturated. You don't want that Towing bill. And it will sink if you give it a chance.
จะโอนโอนมาเลยจะได้เช่า กำลัง ตามหาไอเทมเพิ่ม แต่ตังกุเช่าเองรออีกนาน ยังไม่ตามเป้า
Man you all did the best thing i like it man
Hey check your Height too for trees
Change your input on tv and ya should fix ya problem
where is the holding tanks and the dump for the black and grey water? the water heater (theres no such thing as a hot water heater,theres no need to heat hot water,its a water heater,ex-plumber here)maybe in that area. just curious, you going to pour a concrete pad, nice n level,clean, pole barn type cover over ir? be sure to put in a 50amp "shore" power stand, and put a hose bib there and see about running a sewerline to that area as well. yeah i said i was curious, then im giving advise. but my point to the hose bib and sewerline to where you park the haulin bus, you can go to the track and back home without having to find a dump station, heres a trick i used, use your toilet to poop, if ya just going to urinate, the guys anyway, get a plastic urinal (like if yer in the hospital) and pour it down the shower into the grey water, wont hurt a damned thing.or get like a racing fuel can, mark it some how,, like "water" ,then when at the track,carry it off to some area at the track where its dirt,or crappy grass, i know what i mean,but cant get it out, anyway, save your black tank for the poopin only,if youve got your wife/GF, and your crew guys have their other halfs, it will fill fast if eveyone pisses in the toilet.i used to just piss in the shower and give it a fast rinse.
Can't wait until you detail/power wash that engine compartment!
This bus/coach is an amazing financial idea. No hotel fees, stay anywhere for as long as you like. Now build a carport to protect that baby!!!!!
What was the point of getting throw when you legit just bought the 2016 Cummins mega cab lmfao
Please leave the current paint /wrap in place.. Looks awesome 👌
Coolest thing I’ve ever seen……… picturing mine and my Buddys 4 snowmobiles loaded in😂
Is that not a shore power hookup on the bottom right hand rear side behind the doors that open to get the car in? 🤔
Looks like a m11 or isx Cummins
Let your gate down on the safeties for travel. it will save your hydraulics.
That looks like a M-11 Cummins, ser number and a metal tag with a CPL number will tell you everything about it. Also make sure you know the total height & length. Nice Rig!
Put a piece of tape in the middle of the ramp for next time... Simple and cheap 🔥
Beware of low bridge clearances
Nice matchs car colors accept eagle and flames are u going to garge built wrap it
Get yourself a bottle of 3M aluminum cleaner and a bottle of Mothers ceramic coating treatment for the ultimate in renewal.
I see new asphalt in your future!!!
Congratulations, I’ve worked on a few of these rigs, they are all individually unique, go through and get that motor completely serviced all your filters and it wouldn’t be a bad idea to get somebody who knows what they’re doing and really check out the suspension and steering even though it seems to be fine get all of that checked out, maybe take it up to Bus Grease Monkey and get him to do it  And yeah there’s a lot to these big things, bridge clearances, canopy clearances at gas stations and hotels, clearance is getting in and out of driveways and things like that where you have slight elevation changes, but have fun cause it’s gonna be a blast
For the gate winch, if you can mount the winch at the angle try to.   Angle it so the winch is “facing” that corner of the ramp, not the rear of the ramp. That way it is pulling directly towards that angle.   Another solution is maybe have just a keyhole like tow truck have or put a short track on the ramp about a foot over from the corner so you can use a pulley on a short chain when you are rising the gate so it pulls evenly.
THAT BUS IS SO BAD ASS WOW GREAT PURCHASE STEVE AND PAM 🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁
I almost bought that bus is 2019..it's one of a kind built by a drag race team on the west coast...I looked at in Vancouver Washington.   I missed it by a day...Ended up with a Renegade but still regret not getting that bus...it's bad ass...enjoy it!
About actuator or hydraulic  INSTED of winch cable...
Bros, so I subed. I watched his first video of him buying it. I thought it was funny in the video before this he said something like yeah this definitely classifies as a big rig and he said here he loves them. Me too. This video was good too. I also liked.  And holy cow thats a nice rig too!
Yeah congrats on keeping this rig going.
Awesome purchase and awesome video Taylor.. sending love all the way from Sheffield in the UK..  ❤️
RVLife is a good tool that you put your demensions in, your trip info, and it takes you on a safe route, just tryin to help?
How big is youe possumbelly, under the car, you've got like 31/2' - 4' under the car?????
I would love one of these but shorter, all I need is a small area to get dressed and relax and maybe a rest room.
landscape deletes😂😂😂
As a truck driver you should always try to back in from the left not the right
Nice
Better to Concrete that Space next to building to make sure bus doesn’t Sink inthe furtre.
Too far right more left
Really it’s close to 14.Ft.
Someone needs to be in the front to whatch the Antatana in front the white Internet dome
Don’t wanna HIT No Low Bridges
Make sure it’s all Truck routes
Is it on High
U hit U-R mailbox
In the Future make u-R drive way concrete
If the gate doesn’t work U can’t get to the Engine.
Same straps that we use in Car Haulers
Rite down the#’s on that Red Long Fuel Filter to have For later on
U don’t Lear until u Do it.
Read that Manufacturer Plate on front of engine
That’s still aloud too Me.
Check outside see how wide when u Park somewhere else U know how much Room u need outside so U don’t hit anything with slide.
Clim out the window
Stripe the Inside of Garage
To me that generator is Loud
Nice too see that you have your priorities in place 😊
Release the Brakes
Can't help but think if the rear inner door opened up like a hatch rather then to the side like french doors, it would greatly smooth up the loading/unloading process. Would have to figure out the winch sitation.... but sounds like that's already a bit of a pain point. We all know you love a good fab project!
did you check the slack adjusters in the s-cam air brakes, are they the auto adjust or manually ,  know where your tow points are under the bus it's heavy and one day you night get stuck.
This guy is so consistent.. I applaud you, sir. - Buy something - Upgrade that something - Rinse and repeat His bio I think says, "drifting is life" and at this rate it's just him buying trucks, trailers, and any other type of car hauler over and over. I apologize for my  rant but man, it would be cool to see more drifting and driving.. hell, take one of the BMWs in your garage and drive down the road and record it or something 🤗
Mount some tire guide rails onto the lift ramp.
I assumed this one had a rear axle that steered based on the wheel arrangement in the back. Might be worth checking into
Does the middle axle turn on this one? It looks like the type that would to help with your turning radius. I've seen some of those buses due some crazy tight turns with that middle axle turning
so its a cool bus.. pretty nice to see it all.. but cant you make those back garage doors to get them off when you are loading or unloading or get them off al together and just make it like you seal the garage with the lift? that way you would have more space and do not have to bungy those doors to the outer doors...
carRV cool.
Is that a turret in the front center 😂 or a satellite dish
Fun project. Reminiscent of Stapleton’s bus. I own a very small rv here in the uk. Make sure you fully clean out all the water systems to make sure they are sterile. Last thing you need is legionella! Watching with interest!
I'm surprised that there isn't a starter switch in the engine compartment, so you can check things out. I don't see any side entrance for the engine compartment.
We had a gas rv and then got a diesel pusher. Thing could zoom up hills.
Be careful now you bus is going to be top heavy with the corvette in it. Especially getting off those off ramps what ever the speed limit is on those ramps do it or you will flip over.
Is the monte ss for sale? Had an 83 my first car. Been looking for one
what company made that rear liftgate?
Nice rig man, very nice 😀
I wonder how much to wrap the bus lol
Need to add some door struts to hold the doors open while your loading unloading the car. Those chains or whatever just let's the door keep swinging.
Cool rig what is the total length is got me curious
Here's an Idea from the dirt track racing world. Weld a steering wheel quick release to a piece of tubing about 8 feet long and put a quick release nut on the other end. This way you can have your steering wheel all the way at the back bumper so you can steer it while winching it into the bus. You would have to put a hole in the rear window or possibly use one you already have?
If it’s feasible, a second winch for the door may help with the binding issue as well. There may not be enough room if there is something else mounted in the top left corner tho
A few suggestions for upgrades could be LED strips for the dash and walkway for constant ambient lighting, LED/HID high and low beams and a bigger gravel cul-de-sac for the bus. Love the purchase and look forward to future videos on it!!
One thing I would like you to do get the CDL book and read it .. lots of little details that will help you to make tight maneuvers .. you also need to get the exact height of the bus and write it down somewhere inside the bus where you sit .... Heights on Bridges and overpasses are very important they vary from state-to-state ... The two most serious problems people driving large vehicles are heights and turning .. I have driven a bus for 21 years .. if you ever need some help or need to ask a question I will gladly help you ... Excellent purchase enjoy
I think an awning would be good addition. Maybe on the side.
Get a Rand McNally GPS! Trust me. A semi truck GPS will keep you away from highways etc you don’t want any part of. Beautiful rig and good choice dude
I find crossing the straps on the rear stops the car moving to the side
this seems like a wholeeee lot more hassle than the trailer ever could be😕
Idk if you want kids nor is it anyone’s business. I could just imagine the memories you could make in that thing! I am so excited for you guys
I would use a stick to hold the brake pedal down with a car I. A toy hauler
https://youtu.be/iIP1YmJs02Q
SWEET
From what I seen that looks like a Cummins m11 most common over the road failures I see is blown turbo and plugged fuel filters I would keep a couple of extras on hand if you get me the engine serial number I can help with identifying parts and the motor itself keep up the good work!
Those lug nuts are hideous... other than that, cool as!
Millenium Eagle!
I love it we talked about making one  Hope it all works good for you guys
You should really put the back internal loading door locking mechanism on the inside. so that when you are getting out of the bus you can unlock the doors so that you dont have to go outside, unlock the bottom locks and slowly go up to unlock the top latches
That thing is super awesome. One thing I would look at is maybe instead of the 2 swing out doors on the garage area behind the gate maybe make it one swing up.
Don't forget the spikes for the passenger rear. 😊
So sick
This is so insanely cool. Amazing job getting this working!
Mark the measurements on the lift that way when you roll in the vette will fit
This is going to sound insane to some, but... Buses like this, should be hybrids.  Hear me out... electric drive unit for the drive axle (heck you could go duals, and make the tag axle driven if needed) Then the engine is nothing more than a generator which simplifies its installation (ex: no more driven accessories), and you don't need to have 2 any longer. Since nearly everything else on the bus is electrical already, you can combine systems that are currently split or duplicated (A/C for example.) A fully charged pack on the bus will probably be big enough to provide hotel power with the generator off for at least 24 hours, and I'd suspect even longer. A shore power hookup could provide hotel loads and charge the pack, so now it's a plug-in hybrid.  And, who's say it has to be a diesel at that point.  If you wanted to get crazy, it could be a gasser.  Run it on a common as dirt LS, for example, on a simple stand alone ECU, or even an optimized carburetor, although I'd stick with fuel injection so that you could stick say a single turbo on it to compensate for altitude losses.  I think the technology is pretty much there to make something like this happen.
A wild Ben makes an appearance 🤌
Looks amazing, great set up 👌👌 , Cheers from New Zealand
There should be an engine serial number on the intake side (should be passenger side on your bus) that you can give to cummins and they should be able to tell you exactly what it is
4:28   Was that a white g body in there?
Get the bus out of the sun
@Taylor Ray what glasses do you wear hood sir, there dope?
An idea for having transportation at the track so your not stuck with the setup. Get a couple Honda Groms. Fit them in the garage and your good.
This thing is absolute nuts!
Look into a tow vehicle that could be towed behind the toter home.....granted it would make life a little more difficult when parking and maneuvering in parking spots....BUT....it would make  buzzing to town for parts of needed.....or maybe your flat bed trailer with the BMW .....just a thought....
i dont like the corvette at al thing melts on the side looks so flimsy nahh not for me
Nah, I'd pass on that because there's no place to store the trophy after winning the race. 😂 All jokes aside tho, if the back of the car shifts just a little as it's being transferred, it'll be a nightmare to get it out, or am I just overthinking? It is nice tho
Will you be at Sebring in two weeks
Just pull the tv out and double check the connections. Could be anything from the plug, wires, or dvd player.
So awesome, imagine having your own bus. ☺️👍
Hey boys you probably have an Alison tyranny with retarder better than a Jake brake and quiet.  If it's a little lever to operate then that's it. Very cool and kinda practical rig.  Enjoy every minute off track.  Cheers 🇨🇦
I'm so here for this full build. Hope you do a lot to it lol
Would a single internal roll up door be possible alternative to the rear doors?
If you ever need work on that generator Mr Wrench in Shipshewana, IN  is one of the best. They have doing generator for years.  A lot of us with the big sleeper semis have been going to him for years.
Put rear front and side view cameras on it so you can see every angle around the bus from the drivers seat on a big screen. Maybe even a roof camera to make sure you clear any low hanging limbs or bridges. That’s a tall bus
Pretty sick
I'm not even a car guy and I love this thing. It's such a damn cool piece of tech
Wow ! What a beast !
Not hating, BUT highly recommend removing the Eagle, Globe, & Anchors (USMC logos). The PO earned them, you did not...
Can you realign the lift gate winch a small amount to aim at the corner of the ramp?
Id suggest swithcing the wire cable on the gate winch to synthetic. Bright colored!!! itll save your face, your hands, and just look nicer as well. can cut it short for just what you need, itll minimize the tangling up as well... Haloview wireless RV back up camera has saved my ass more then once, for me on my 36' skoolie conversion. I have 4 cams. sides, back and back of towed trailer... if your looking for a setup they are really decent.   Its a baller setup... love the unique
You should do a mock pit setup also with awning and pit mat so you don't encounter any surprises.
I love the bus its pretty badass never seen anything like it..
That is legit, nice work dude, what a cool set up!
Crazy to me that you can drive these big busses on a regular license in the states? Here in Sweden this takes extra training and licenses....
Keep the outside fridge/freezer. That way you can store ice before you get to the track.
That's the most complicated entry system I've ever seen. Super cool rig though.
Hate to say, your tailgate is bent brother. the rails are bowed and binding. awesome design otherwise, but I'm guessing you will nee to Collab with a fabricator to engineer a sturdier setup.
A matching livery Rv will look sick
the winch should be able to be moved to the center of the ramp so it pulls straight and gets stored to the side there will be a av setting the tv needs to be on for it to work the right hand front top light is flashing might be a wire or the failed light
this pedo is still around ive lost him when he touched his cousin
I definitely see pros and cons to this set up..I personally would just stick with a truck & trailer just seems easier and quicker..but I'm happy that you got your dream rig congrats 👏
inside the cab reminds me of an 80's 90's diner
You should get an RV connection at your house so you can run the ac unit plugged in, instead of always using the generator
Get some "Slip plate" it's dry graphite spray or brush on it works great, tips from a car hauler of 15 years. Spray for tight spots, it is messy and sticks to everything, diesel will break down and remove it from unwanted surfaces. Apply it on warm dry days.
I have a M11 Cummins in an older freightliner. The sweet spot is around 1250 to 1450 rpm. Your automatic should regulate it fine. I have a standard, so Ill drop a gear to keep from lugging it.  I've been told the Cummins can get block fretting from being lugged. I'm on my second M11 It was a reman five years ago. The rocker gasket on mine is leaking but not bad yet. Thats a common problem. I have my service done at 300 hours on my motor, but I idle a lot running a pto and vacuum pump. Have it greased once a month and brakes adjusters checked for adjustment regularly. Your service could vary with milage instead of hours.
Redesign time the pad that the car goes on should go inside and tilt out like a flat bed wrecker would make way more sense ???
Famous Silver Eagle with the best suspension ever put in a bus.  This is one the coolest conversions on a silver eagle chassis I ever seen. It's awesome.  Thanks for sharing.
@taylor ray, with your knowledge how do you feel about 99-04 mustang for a drift car? I have a 350z rn been debating on ls swapping that or doing a ls swapped mustang. Thoughts?
For the the swinging doors behind the lift gate I would run a cam lock door like they run on semi trailers so you don’t have to go up and down so many times to unlock the top of the doors
Used to belong to Bucky Austin Racing out of Seattle , Washington area.
Can you just remove that set of doors and just have the "garage" open to the rear clamshell / barn doors?
Beautiful sound of a diesel engine
Just remember when you turn right the rear overhang swings left. Put in a couple of street legal street bikes where your putting your tires and you'll have transportation or flat tow a jeep or small pickup
It sounds like an N14 Cummins. Once you've heard one, there's no mistaking the clickity clack of an N14 valve train.
For the water heater locate the water tank and follow the supply lines from it. And for major maintenance I recommend the Bus Grease Monkey on YouTube
I gotta lie, im impressed.
The car lift controls need a wireless upgrade ASAP
Those brakes are awfully noiesy
What a unit!
You mentioned working on the car at the RV park. Uhh nope. I lived in an Rv for five years and most parks will tolerate doing maintenance work on your RV but working on a race car.. probably not so much. Especially if it is a snow bird place with senior RVers.
those 2 doors should be removeable.
When wet out any ground thats not solid that bus will get stuck quick. Good luck
You keep referring to your coach as a converted transit bus. It is a model 15 Eagle highway coach. Used by many coach operators such as Continental Trailways. Many Eagle coaches were converted into motor homes which were favored by traveling entertainers since the Eagle uses a torsion bar suspension which gives a superior ride over an air bag system. I saw one comment telling you to lift the tag axle so you can make tighter turner. You can’t lift the tags on an Eagle since there are no air bags. Are you sure your power plant is a  Cummins? It looks and sounds like a Detroit series 60. Good luck with your project, she’s a beautiful coach.
i get the bus is cool and all that but why get this if you just bought a +70 thousand dollar truck to pull a trailer you no longer have even though you are gonna get a bus. Why not just get a better trailer?
17:40 what’s wrong with that belt?
I want one to go cross country and visit every state with different cars!!
Make those doors hinge upwards 😀😀
That setup is TOUGH!!!!!!!
these videos have made me want an rv
If you look up Mark Martin's personal hauler he lowered it with better suspension and bigger sway bars and turned it up lol
We need to come up with a good transformer name for it like Maximus Anglelus 😂
That's so awesome.....you got a transformer man 😂
Car fits better than I thought it would! Stock up on spare belts, alternator and maybe ??? Can never be to prepared! Your right, A road trip would be a blast! You ever need to make some xtra $$$, you could be one hell of a Uber driver/service!
I would defiantly remove the tree on the corner of the driveway, the way it is leaning mother nature will get it before long. I think that would help your entry angle greatly. Nice purchase, look forward to the upgrades.
Dude I would love to be your neighbor and just be like, “WTF is this guy doing now. Now he’s supping up busses? 😂
Your set up is amazing. Really looking forward to the next video  👍
I'm gonna give you my 2 cents on it. Heavy trucks are much more envolving when it comes to maintenence, even in regular stuff. I don't know if you have done any of the following things but since you recently aquired it, its good practice to a once over on every thing. Starting by the security apects, like removing tires and inspect / change: wheel hubs oil (inspect for metal flakes probably from bearing fail due to slack), wheel hub bearings (bearings preload), rear hub seals, brake cams slack, all pivot points like king pins, steering knuckles, etc... shock absorbers, brake drums, brake chambers, brake shoes, air leaks in general, air dryer, purge air tanks (inspect for oil residue from compressor) air bags condition (cracks) and a fue more things. on reassembly grease all greasable points, brake slack and so on... Some of these are regular maintenance items others are just to make sure that all is well and in spec.  Best regards.
Need a pit mat and some pro jacks for that thing now. Dope ass set up man.
15:02 , hot water heater... unless you find your water heater sexy, it's just a water heater. lol, carry on
Taylor, the previous owner appeared to take good pride and I’m sure took great care of it. I would definitely verify when it was last serviced and greased. Please, fire suppression is important so make sure you have a plan. Regular fire extinguishers won’t put out tire fires. It’s a beautiful rig, take care of it.
Taylor, if you want to do a better upgrade, change the transmission to an Allison B500. It’s a 6 speed instead of the 4 speed you have now, and it’s much smoother and quicker than what you have, and has a really nice overdrive gear. It would have to be a WTEC2 possibly. I don’t know specifics on communications, but that Cummins is not the original motor, I’ve only seen two stroke Detroit’s in those transit Eagles.
Arrival Blue SS Silverado👀😍
you need a steering buddy to help load it. Also a set of skinny tires to give to clearance on loading.
Gotta add a hydro brake to the bus so you can get sideways with it too.
Back  car in bus
If you had a small slide out on the driver side where the car is you could drive it in and open the door to get out. But still super nice
What year of a silver eagle is it?
A really nice bus for sure
I was a enclosed auto transporter and recommend getting a 12v wireless crane remote and receiver. Rewire your lift gate to run off of the remote instead of the buttons that are not that easy to get to with the doors open. If you get the right one you can also wire it to control the winches as well. It saves time and is safer to use while in the air.
They usually come with a 6v92 or a 8v92 and a Allison transmission
If it didn't have the fire chicken on the side it would look soo much better lol so Kool tho
I’m sure you will be packing a canopy as well so when you do have to work on the car you will be able to do it in shade
I know you probably dont want to do this, but something to think about.  In the middle of the ramps, I noticed the sag when you back the car out.  Maybe if you put 2 x4s under the ramps  somewhere in the middle area, it would help with the ramp trying to pop back out of  slots. I know it maybe excessive things to carry, but was my thought anyway.  Other than that it is a really cool upgrade!
I currently hold a class A CDL with passenger endorsement and have many years in motorcoach bus and entertainer motorcoach buses! THERE ARE FEW STATES INCLUDING FLORIDA THAT HAVE DRIVER LICENSE REQUIREMENTS FOR MOTORCOACH TYPE BUSES! Some require CDL EVEN IF YOU SAY IT PRIVATE USE! 1. Size 2. Length 3. Passengers 4. If you haul a trailer and factory weight hauling limits on trailer is above a certain weight a CDL A EVEN IF YOU ONLY OCCASIONALLY HAUL TRAILER 5. If you make income with in racing or other ,the Motorcoach you would be under DOT REGULATIONS AND REQUIRE A CDL
Take the winch and put it at a angle to put it in line with the mount on the door
Hey man, How can I Koozies in Australia? I’ve only got a regular credit card, not this new age PayPal shi# ?. 11:24
I can't believe after all of the drama with buying a newer Dodge because the Ford broke you bought that thing. 😅
I forgot to add:  It might be kinda cool to mount an old webcam or something like that on a pole, and clamp it to your awning, where you can rotate and position it to record the track. good for studying tactics  or snapping a screen shot of that perfect drift to sell along with merch? You can also keep up on track situations from inside the rig with a bird's eye view. No matter what- have fun in everything you do!  (DB from AZ)
Sweet set up !
Nice setup and awesome to see you working towards your dream setup. To me, the rear doors & ramp looks cumbersome and unnecessarily complicated. Are the inner barn doors needed? Could you remove them & widen the entrance a little?
Super simple idea for you but using some paint on the deck for the perfect space at the outside of the tires will help speed up loading  Also for the sake of truckers sanity if you go to a truck stop for fuel when you're done fueling PULL FORWARD TO THE LINE
Probably a Cummins M11
4 miles to the gallon loaded?
Hey Taylor- First off, congrats on the new bus,  you've earned it, you stayed humble,  and let's face it- the perfect rig found the perfect home!  Anyway, I have a Buddy that has a similar rig (not as quite as nice, but close) and he dug out  a  little "pit" for his lift gate to drop into when he wants to load/unload his vehicle.  This eliminates having to mess with those 2 little ramps, as the lift fits perfectly into the recess.  He has 2 pieces of angle iron so the front tires of the bus align perfectly every time and it makes loading and unloading a breeze. Outside he has a pedestal with power, water, sewer, etc. so he doesn't have to go somewhere to empty the tanks, and that gives the bus "full hook ups" if he needs to have an impromptu place to put up guests for a few nights. Everything at the house is all stored in a 2'x4' rubber maid-type basket when he's out of town, keeping his yard uncluttered. He took a couple of hole saws and put access holes for the cables and hoses to go through when he's hooked up.  (It takes bad-ass to a new level) Even has an internet CAT5 cable tucked away in there, thus, avoiding wifi hassles.  To make the "pit", he borrowed a friend's Bobcat and dug it out in less than an hour. It's so cool.  I'll see if I can get him to send me a few photos that I can pass on to you, in case you want to do something similar.  Take Care, my friend, enjoy life, and have fun in everything you do. DB from AZ
Sounds like the brakes are dragging ?
There's things I could mention only because I have a mth W/sliide outs, I don't know if you have leveling cylinders on the bus and maybe it does and the seller forgot to mention it, if not no problem I guess, I do know that when you operate the slide outs once you push the botton to go out hold button till all the way out,no start stop, same with coming in no start stops, it helps to keep alignments. Probably same principle with tailgates etc. I do know the better you get the rig leveled the better for everything. 🏁🇺🇲ML33MI.
Bus motor is Cummins M11
😊
I'm sure 10 people said this already but you should be able to lift the tag axle for Sharp turns.
Wow, thats really nice. So much nicer that you have friends to help you out. Looks like a nice RV. I hope it suits your needs and you have a ton of fun in it.
Needs a backup camera and a lot of landscaping.
Beautiful Bus, Does it require CDL License too operate the Bus?🏁
If ya rotate that winch like 15° so the cable comes in straight she’d probably spool smooth
I'm wondering if the inner doors for the garage are really needed. Looks like the vette would load easier without  them. And less likely 2 damage the vette while loading/unloading.
I can't wait for the first trip in this thing
Honestly I think it's more of a pain then anything
I drive a semi truck a lot with a 53ft dry van behind it. When in doubt verify your route on Google map with satellite view. You can see what the roads look like. You can go to the street view and check bridge heights, rail road crossings. All sorts of things.
Congratulations on buying your childhood dream bus and I wish millions of miles to you and your crew . I'm a new subscriber and I love the Vette and that sound is like music to my ears !!! Well I'll catch up to you on the next video , peace , love and much respect to you and your crew 💯👍
Crack kills taylor lol. Do you need CDL?
Nice bus!  To bad it’s worth more than all you own!
Outstanding 💯
No matching the vette livery to the bud would be way cooler
Cut that branch at the driveway and cut back some of that tree line and you can back up towards the side of the garage.
5:42 the issue with this setup is that if the hydraulic of the lift give up your car is stuck inside or outside…
not gonna lie that looks like a fucking hassle lol
COOL VID
you might  need  heayer for  your  door
The rig gives new definition to the "Baller Hauler:
Now u just need a license to drive it legally
That looks to me like a Cummins n14 I would love to know the serial number so I can look up history on Cummins insight at the dealer I work at
First of all congrats to the all of your team! Very nice rig for what you guys do! As a truck driver i wish to drive and experience something like this at some time of my life. It is kinda attractive looking bus-rv-towrig-garage😅.
Some sort of channel the width of the corvette put on the ramp exactly centered. Unless that will mess your tires up. Anything else you pull in there will be skinnier, as long as your inside the channels your clear to pull it in. And maybe just lengthen the door lock bars an inch each to not worry about bungees
You need to install a 360 HD camera system outside with a DVR. Better security and you’ll have video evidence!!
getting a bus with that much overhang over the back wheels will make this vehicle extremely difficult to drive.  I would not suggest making anything like this.
So badass man, congrats!
You can probably use a pneumatic linear actuator for that ramp so you can stop having to tilt and use gravity to get it set back in for storage... you already have the compressed air onboard, all you need is the cylinder, fittings, valve and lines + some fabricobbling.
The best type of trailer to use would be a stacker
If the bus has air shocks on back, maybe you could use them to raise the platform enough to get the car up the ramps easier.
AT first glance, the bus motor looks like an M11.
Taylor, on that engine you should find a tag that says ESN. That's the engine serial number. Get that number and call your local Cummins Sales and Service location and tell them you want the details of that engine. They can tell you what engine it is and what HP calibration it has. If you can't find the tag, you can give them the full VIN of the bus and they can do a VIN to ESN look up. Cummins keeps track of every engine that is put in anything from new.
awesome bus , i love it !!! what  are your plans for the black truck ? i need a good pulling truck . Where are you in florida? Im in Deltona. Thanks and best of luck with the bus
That is a killer bus
You should make the rear doors lift off to make it easier to get the car in and out.
Coming from a full time landscaper and part time car guy the landscape delete had me dieing
Can’t wait to see this at the track
Why not twist the winch a little to give it a better angle?
Hopefully you won’t need a CDL when it’s all said and done. …. Have you said the GVWR of the bus yet? I know standard school bus not built out for living and no garage comes in at almost 24,000 GVWR. Pretty sure this thing is over 26,000 GVWR.
Looks like the builder was an MCI fan. MCI is another motorcoach company, and those rubber wheel covers are from MCI coaches, as well as the steering wheel. On an Eagle coach, the wheel wells are round, and if they haven't been cut up under those covers, you may want to remove them. Just google Eagle Model 15, to know what they are supposed to look like. Also, a lot of busses and semis use that steering wheel, but this one has an MCI logo. You might want to find an Eagle logo for that wheel, or even find a wheel from an Eagle Model 05 or 10. The old white Model 05 wheel with the red Eagle logo would be style points. LOL. These are old parts, the Eagle came out in the 50's and kept mostly the same style.  Not that it matters since it's been repowered, but this would've come with a Detroit 2-stroke 6V92TA, or 8V92.
UH YOU GUYS NEED TO WEIGH IT fully loaded and empty  certain streets you will NOT be allowed on because it's over 26,000 pounds  I'm a big truck driver I know these things  also measure the full height of it on flat ground and be really careful of your bridge clearance especially the rounded edge type bridges.
Will e-track interfere with engine access? Looks like there is a panel in there that comes out...
research and plan your route .....fuel,clearances, parking etc.etc. and widen your driveway to make in and out easier.  the hauler is super cool ..👍
The left taillights burned out or lose
Make sure your pulley/ belt system is lined up for the side fans and check the oil in the gear box.
First thing I'd do is convert those rear doors to open automatically with hydraulics
I would put some solar on top of it , that way you're not only dependent on the generator, it being running or outside power for it...  About the not being able to drive to anywhere part(on the other video), you can get a scooter or something like that to go shopping for a few things and make the trip back (taking a backpack for extra stuff and you can also get a case for it)...  Getting a satellite internet service to have cable internet and wi-fi would be amazing thing, about the TV, it must have some button that you have to press to reach to the dvd mode to have picture or on the dvd itself or there's a channel that's configured to it... also change all lights to LEDs is a really nice idea
What type or driving licence do you need in the US to drive something like that ?
Time cover on the bus motor says it's a 12v Cummins. Could be mistaken tho. Bus is dope BTW.
Buy a steering buddy
Back-up cameras for each side of the bus will help and marking off you pathways in and out on the grounds. 😊
Oh wow.  You're keeping it parked at your house?  oof.
WOW
big move !
Lose those freightliner studs on the rear wheels it'll look a whole lot better. Give small animals more of a chance surviving encounters with the bus as well.
Next videos will be moving to a different location lol!! Jk you are killing it man
might not be a bad idea to do a collaboration video with ™Bus Grease Monkey to vet the bus.
Are those doors even necessary, could you just remove them to give you more width?
bro really said "life is a highway"
youj guys should get walkkiwe talkies to communicate when spotting the bus.
I hope it works out but I have a bad feeling about that decision.
What's with the Marine Corps Logo? You a Marine?
I mean how?? This video gave me anxiety
Those 2 rear doors would be much better as a top hinged tailgate on gas struts.
Would be a good idea to get under it (if possible) and drain the air tanks out from the valve on the tank to make sure there’s no water build up. Sometimes there’s a cord attached to it and visible off the side so you don’t have to get under. Drain all of them, start the truck and let it build to pressure and let it sit to see if it has a leak. Also getting under with a grease gun and hitting every grease fitting is good to do. Just some regular maintenance tips. This thing is sick man good luck with it cant wait to see upcoming videos
This gotta be the coolest rig of it all!   Lets goooo this gotta be exiting ROAD TRIP!!!!
Loving the race bus...seems like you guys are getting the process down pretty quickly. Excited to see the feedback after the first real journey!
pumped for the bus videos
Absolutely badaxx man!!! Most likely have em already, but buy new  CO2 detectors. Would do two in main cabin and one in the garage area. Cheap insurance to a deadly issue. Also buy multiple spare belts/filters for engine/generator. Might want to get some new pulleys while your doing maintenance. Congrats on an amazing setup!!!
That Bus so damned cool!! I'm sure you may have already thought about this but these couple things came to mind while watching you guys load it.   A remote switch for the lift I think would be really beneficial. Then maybe change the top latches for the doors so you can reach them from without having to ride the lift up.   Feel like it would be quicker and less wear and tear on the lift if you could open the doors without having to ride it half way and then back down before you load it.   Again I'm sure you guys have already thought or talked about this stuff but you never know, so I figured I'd just share.   Have a great weekend!
How's the roof? An often overlooked portion of RV's is roof leaks, make sure the seams are well sealed
Little tight corner there buddy …hope they didn’t like those bushes 😂 ..Best of luck man ..New sub to follow this project im a sucker for this shit too cool find !! Hope to see the fun stuff come to fruition!
This is straight out of hot wheels!!!!!
Surely you can make the doors removable 😂
If you want any tips about the bus engine etc maybe try stapleton 42. He has run one for a long time. ✌️👍🇬🇧
Sweet looking bus
I went away for 3 months and came back to you owning a bus rv hauler. Fucking badass hahaha
Love these videos. Just curious how much roughly are these
Taylor if you drill a hole in the end of the folding ramp so a  D shackle will bolt to you now have a engine crane so you can remove the engine if needed at the track or for lifting in general cheers from down under
FUMMINS GIVEAWAY! really hope to see that in the near future. would be life changing for us & see a long life of good use. fingers crossed!
31:03 i imagine your alittle top heavy just take it aliittle slower around big curveing turns 😅and stuff until you ge😅t us😅t to it ,dont be like the SxS guys on youtube they had all there best side by sides on a wedge trailer took a big curve on ramp and fliped it ,dont be that guy 😂😂😂✌️
Does it have a backup camera ??? If not you need one
Taylor might be worth having a conversation with Scott at the bus grease monkey youtube channel he works on these and maybe able to help identify engine and advise on common issues to look out for etc!
Should have a input button on tv put it on dvd maybe idk😂😂😂Really nice Rig Taylor 💪💯💯💯💪
dare i say you're bringing this to toronto 🤔🤫
Awesome team Taylor, great to see you elevating to bigger things and watching you grow
Most helpful comment section on god
Between the noises and the looks the bus has too much personality not to have a name, Dorothy
Havnt watch any jibberjabbing in awhile but seen your new rig had to see Great Job
That really is so cool. Bedt buy yet. Does it come with or could an awning be attached ? That would be the icing on the cake.
There’s is probably a video switcher somewhere follow the video out cable from the player to what ever it goes too I’m sure it’s not the tv.
My granddad had two of these over the years and still has one. His first one he bought in the early 90’s was completely burned to the ground so him, my dad and uncle rebuilt, re-wired and plumed the whole shittery. I went on so many trips to car shows in that thing all over the country. They are a blast but the maintenance is brutal lol
Don't forget about the levelers when your in rv mode
Cant wait to see the bus wrapped to match.
A suggestion put some mirrors on the front of that lift gate so you can pull in by yourself if you ever have to or put sum convex mirrors up inside pointing down on either side but make them removable if you have to pull something in bigger
Might want to modify some wheel chocks or a metal stop dam, with pins for alignment, so you can then drill matching holes in the lift gate that they drop into when rolling the car back so you do not have rubber maybe slipping on wet metal.  Allow for enough room so you can roll it back forward to get pressure off of it when you get it in the down position.  Also look into a safety cable that is a set length, so when you roll it back, it just limits how far it can go back, so you have double protection to get it from rolling off the back end, and then also is a safety hold from the front to the ramp itself too.  A video of the aftermath of a car rolling off the raised ramp is a video I do not want to watch.
get rid of that baldwin filter asap, they are cheap junk
D R E A M !
Cheat code to DriftWeek if you wanted to
Taylor us dirt track guys have this thing called a steering buddy. It hooks right onto your steering shaft ran off a drill battery and it has a remote so you can steer the car from the back while your winching it into the trailer pretty trick deal might help you out. Give it a look see what you think.
Bus full of people + luggage far outweighs your vette =) No issues with that thing + gear in there. Now you should see if you can back it into your shop ;)
Show the awning
It is not a transit bus it is a hi-way coach. Make sure once loaded it is not overweight on axles !
Cummins M11 or the next gen version called the Cummins ISM. I have the same engine in our bus, one of the best!
Red top n14 Cummins is solid. I forget what all you can do the the red tops to make more power. We have a semi truck wrecker that has a normal n14 engine and it has 1.4 million miles.
The bus seems like a royal pain in the ass haha but if you are into it than I’m here to watch.
ALSO😂 I think for trips you would stay multiple days at the track I think a drag tank for the generator would be hella handy
This is sick!
Without a doubt when you gravel that side in do some either ag-base or millings and pack the F out of it
This guy has a lot of knowledge.  Turn up that n14 too  https://youtu.be/D-1McMPM6rw
Awesome bus.  Couple things...get a Micro-Air soft start system for the AC units on the bus.  They will draw much less amps and help with longevity.  There are a ton of videos on them.   A big black bus would be much less visible during darker times and could make it harder for others to see (just thinking safety).
do the lights to help load & unload, on door, maybe add some driving lights to the rear so no one hits you at night?
I see a flat tow car (or Jeep) in your future. Just something you can easily tow behind to use as a grocery getter when at comps or RV parks
A fool and his money are soon parted
Get some groms so you can leave the track
Since the doors are the main obstacle, would you be able to make them where you can take them off? Like quick disconnect doors. Are they too heavy?
Im so stoked about this bus
Make sure you check ALL YOUR TIRE DATES. But especially your steer tires right away. And of course go through all the bearings and brakes. Don’t leave your safety in the hands of the previous owner.!!!!!!!!
You need to get a steering buddy that you can use your phone with that steers your car from outside so you don't have to walk beside the car as you winch it in
Within first 5 minutes: “…On to the BEDAZZLING!! Josue, fetch the glitter, sequins and gold lamé!” Cheers! 🖖😎👍
Looks like a n14 Cummins
So freaking cool I love this machine I'm a full-time rver
Never ever let anyone use an acid based cleaner on your coach at a truck wash. It will ruin the finish on all the shiney stainless. That happened to my friend on his Prevost and it cost 18k to get repaired .
That Rig is amazing
A lot of time there is a remote start in the engine bay. It’s used mainly by service techs when working in engine bay. It might be out in the open or could be in a sub panel box .
That bus is absolutely mad and your mad if you change the colour to match black you should just leave it
At 17.:38 look at the pulley that runs transverse with the motor it's wobbling like I am now.
Maybe be try the back end goes in first (a lot easier to drive out and winching the rear would be a lot easier, also it wont be too taxing on the platform when the car is suspended (if u notice when the car was lifted on the platform theres a slight bow although being supported but can be a potential failure point) jmho.
Taylor Ray X Bus Grease Monkey collab?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-1McMPM6rw
Not to induce panic but from experience I would install a fire suppression system on the bus engine if not already equipped.  Worth throwing a few bucks down on an investment especially if your gonna sleep in it. Or run some fire drills to see how fast you can get into it to put a fire out.
What is the dome on the top of the bus?
Park that hauler on solid ground. You won't belive how easy they sink on soft ground. Also mentioned it in your other video, fix the air leak that's draining your air tanks. You can be inspected by highway patrol and be put out of service for a bad air leak. I suggest you download your state CDL prep course and go over the air brake system so you can have a good understanding on how it works
Time to install 360 cameras
Boring
Starlink for internets would be icing on the cake for this super sweet rig.
The tree needs to go away.
im just saying , if you dont make some retro rock and roll merch / bus wrap ima be upset
watching these videos makes me feel like I just bought the coolest RV tow rig conversion ever!!!
Does the powered awning work?
Should be a switch in there for ur rear steer axle
Love the Josue commentary behind the camera these days👌👌
Y’all should take it on a camping trip so you know what you need for the living out of it part while at a lower stress environment. Stay somewhere local so you can run back to your house to grab anything if needed.
Get in contact with the @BusGreaseMonkey
If I’m not mistaken what you have in that bus is a Big Cam 400 Cummins. Typical engines for trucks/buses to have in the late 80s my dad had one in a Kenworth he had. That engine ran forever.
That’s bonerific ❤️
I asked. She said no, that won't fit. I said maybe just front part. She said maybe. She didn't realize that once the hood is in the rest of the car just kinda follows. Beep beep.
Could you put a tow hook on the ramp to slide it out and a small winch to slide it back in . I think it would save a lot of wear and tear on your bodies . Also , if you want anymore room for sleeping space could you relocate the overhead electronics and TV to build an overhead sleeping berth .
Looks like a red top n14 Cummins
You could hang a couple pit bikes from the roof
You should get a smart car to take with you guys. 😅
Hey man, I have a tip for how you can easily drive the car in without being inside. I saw once a dude who put a snap-on u-joint adapter on his steering wheel, a rod going through the side window, slightly protruding, and literally had a quick release steering wheel on it to steer the car! Sound insane but it worked neat!
Did anyone ask or did you mention if the “spec46” has anything to do with spec e46 racing? Lol
Gonna need 40 acre field to turnaround and unload.
Next upgrade custom boeing 787 carhauler/Av-Rv.. upgrade after that C-5 super galaxy with built in go kart track 65 person 26ft screen theatre 12000 gallon aquarium with 2 albino great whites and a petting zoo a matt black blackhawk sittin on gold 26inch forgiatos a 1 of 1 tesla prototype hoverbus carhauler/rv with invisibily cloak capable and 6000 mile range off a single charge battery pack that can only be recharged by the connetic energy created when have a 3sum with atleast 2 blonde baddies on the king size recharge station a lowrider ripsaw tank with full custom Mr upgrade 3000 murial gold leaf pinstripes the works 24 battery hydrolic kit thats capable of hoppin over 8ft fence plus 24ct gold plated mini sub with its own taco bell.. nice bro
Idk if anybody else said it, but thats a cummins L10 engine
this is like, " if i win the  lottery I wont say anything but you'll know " vibes
build a tire cart . looks like youd have room
Gotta take off those Marine decals just so people don't get the wrong idea and cause conflict.
if put a trailer behind it make sure you stay under 9999 gvrw so you dont need a cdl.  you can do 25999 and 9999 with regular license.
Consider eleminating the inner swing doors on garage. Replace them with a single aluminum frame flip up door, with gas strut assist that could double as an awning for the garage. We did one with 2 sliding doors in the center and covered it in dark tinted lexan. we can use it for a sun awing or pull it back down when A/C is on and still go in & out.
An eagle, flames and checkered flag. Def bought from a boomer.
You need a ladder for the garage.  like some steps or something that you can fold out.  maybe it already has those and i missed it.
Sounds like it's got a loose turbine mate and U myt wanna top up ur battery oil otherwise ur hydrodynamic booster could seize up
YouTube Bus Grease Monkey they know bus stuff!!!
The bus os awesome 👌
Put stickers all over the back step one then doors ope step two
Looks good as it is, if your not using it every week maybe run a power line for a battery trickle charger
Change the exhaust on the bus
Would really like to see this live under a large carport to keep it looking pristine. That Florida sun is going to do a number on that bus before you know it.
The water heater could be under the kitchen sink or under the bus where the cut lines are and welcome to rv life it’s a 2 part gig 1 part fixing 1 part driving lol
you say its scary, which I fully agree with. imagine how to person felt that was getting it converted back when it did... just something to think about. also wondered if both beds would go down and make one big bed? sweet rig!
Taylor how Ben doing? Miss seeing him on the channel.
nice bus.  CDL required to drive it?  Did it have "reverse" lights on when you were backing up?
Get a steering buddy it goes right on your steering wheel shaft and it steers the car for you it has a long enough controller you could work the winch and steer it at the same time
Good move.looks like you gotit handle, Force be with you.
Need to get rid of them drumb brakes
Gosh that thing is MASSIVE!!! So pumped for you!
Such a cool rig! Will also provide a lot of content if you so choose, (I'd definitely watch) the upgrades and custom touches are endless.
Cool rig for sure but I would lose the graphics and go for a more subtle classy look, leave the screaming eagles for Cleetus 😂
It’s not a transit bus. Nice setup though.
Nice set up. Not a fan of red interior.
Okay Taylor has the coolest drift set up out here between the rig an car. So cool man.
Have to get rid of those old halogen spots for LED in fact make every liget LED
Wanna say for what u do brother don't be scared u made amazing decision I love it 😊
What a Beautiful Machine I would just leave it as is She's a Show Stopper Cheers from Calgary
Matte White would look really good with Matte and Gloss Black accents. Remember BLACK is a HEAT SPONGE too.
Engine work you got JHD to help you there and this is awesome
New hinges on those inner doors,,, get that full width if possible,😉
My input for the inside garage bay doors, maybe bungee cord both open to the exterior bay doors.
As with the prior video, I suggest you have a concrete pad made so you can park your toy hauler.
Maybe I missed it, but is the gooseneck for sale?
Just looking at that engine it looks like an ole Cummings N14
What’s the specs  on the bus ?
This rig is awesome
Probably be best to cut that tree down with the camera on it.
Those things are not about speed. 60-65mph is best and for mpgs too. Its a way nicer ride to travel in. Just enjoy the ride.
When you practice driving remember the pivot point is the rear wheels
My dad and uncles used to have a bus that was comverted to haul my uncles racecar. This video brings me alot off childhood memories!
Need to get a starlink for the bus and tv.
I know it would be a hassle but make the back doors removable you can make a mount for them on the outer doors it would save some time on loading and unloading
hey Taylor did you have to get your CDL to drive the bus?
Still taking in that you own this!  I like the current livery. It looks complete as is, even if you wouldn´t have chosen it yourself.
Best thing to do is make those doors removable. Maybe some pull pins.  Also are the doors really needed.  Insulation??? Definitely need a back up winch.
You should do the trick that most lift gat trailers have. Have a strap that grabs the side when it's about half way up and as you lower the gate it lifts the gate at the same time. Gets rid of the need for the winch all together.
It's a Cummin's N14 Redtop. Stock HP is roughly 425.
Awesome so excited to see the progression of this build!! Love the videos keep them up!!
15:02 Hot water heater? Hot water doesn't need to be heated. How about a cold water heater? - George Carlin
I like the gloss white with Black and Gray livery idea
would make some pins for the scotches into lift gate so they can't slide
The bus is sick! Just remember black would look awesome its also fukn hot af!
DaaaBusss!!
Bro I swear I saw this on the highway i swear
So In murica you can drive ANYTHING with  a single driving licence? Buses, big rigs, bikes, truck and cars? We In Eurup do not.
Please weight this rig  fully loaded because you don’t want to get caught being over weight then need a CDL
its got a hitch trailor a car behind it!! like rv's do! get a new JDM lil car for it that weighs nothing
You gotta weld up a long extension  to operate those top rear door pins. It’s so inefficient to have to go up and back down on the gate just to open the back doors
its got a hitch tailor a car behind it!! like rv's do! get a new JDM lil car for it that weighs nothing
That thing is such a unit. I’m stoked for you guys. Excited to see more content on it!
Congrats, Great rig. questions , 1) Do you need the inside doors since you have flip lift gate and outside doors?  2) Would a flip extension deck/ramp work in place of the bulky slide out extension? Looking forward to watching your progress.
Quik Crete dry pour a pad lol
Cut the tree and the bush get more gravel fix the cameras on bus replace tv with a 300 smart tv and replace winch system for door. Check age of batteries on his net they are old
Better make sure your GPS gives you truck routes
This just fu+king blows my mind:))) The house with the land in the nice quiet spot, new shop, tons of eqquipement, 2 nice M3' modified, pro race car and now this monster:) And a beautiful gf ofc:) And he''s barely 30y old I guess. Hat's of to you pal:)
You gotta build a space for the bus to park one good rain and your plan is screwed
Install another harbor freight winch with synthetic rope on both sides
Get CLEETUS buddy JH diesel to look at motor
I’m not a complete expert but I’ve been around trucks my whole life I believe that’s is a red top n14 Cummins good moter for that application
This thing is a complete waste of time but whatever you will figure it out
May want to cut back one of the trees to make it easier to get to the driveway
If you don’t replace that winch you gonna regret it lol
Looks nice but it seems to take 4x time to pack the car
Put a 200 smart tv on that thing be done with it
Hey man, a TON of people have likely already mentioned this but be sure to check the entire bus for RUST ISSUES. Eagles are known to have lots of rust issues and I've already seen a few shots where I can see some.
Imagine that winch give up 1000 miles from home lol
Put some synthetic which rope on the winch instead of steel. much better
This things already a pain in the ass this won’t last 3/4 months before he gets a real setup he always needs convincing not to cheap out happens every time
Such a cool setup.  That bus is amazing.  So beautiful
Try switching the cable in the winch with a synthetic rope. Had the same binding up problem with my ATV winch (I use it for plowing snow in the winter so all it does is go in and out in the same position over and over) and once I switched to the rope I never had it bind up again.
That needs shore power and generator power to run the lift
CDL driver of all sorts of big and weird rigs here, I would recommend potentially seeing what upgrades you can get for mirrors. Bigger mirrors with large spot mirrors make seeing the sides and back corners much easier.   For example the company I work for has a few dump trucks and pump trucks and there are 2 main large side mirrors and 5 various sized spot mirrors positioned purposely to see most everything you could want and need.
I’ve never been more annoyed by someone else’s purchase than this. For someone that is always concerned with reliability and contingency plans this thing is terrible. Air suspension, power lift gate, it’s giant and can only be towed by heavy wreckers, etc. Not to mention the running costs of this will never be less than a dually with a badass toy hauler gooseneck w/living quarters. Especially since you’re going to also own a pickup regardless. And it’s less maneuverable. No good way to get around town if you want to leave the track sometime during a weekend without a toad or chase vehicle either. I’ve been around a lot of stuff like this and Class A busses are overrated. A solid pickup with a fifth wheel or gooseneck will always win in most situations.
Your next Tshirt should be a picture of the bus, and have it say “cool huh?” Like the plate on the back of the bus
definately a sick setup...just be glad your neighbors are cool! theres a lot of  neighborhood wreckers out here that would lose their mind and try to squash your hobbies and passions
Get a QHD or 4k computer monitor instead of a TV so you have a better non-glare screen to also edit videos when you're on the road.
Probably going to need some walkie-talkies for when your packing an unpacking an pulling it out.
I’d love to have something like this for my boat 😂
Wow That Thing is AWESOME,  & With Your Crew , You Might Want To Check  Out Some Of The Toy Haulers Bed & Table. Couch Set Up's There Pretty  Cool 👍👍👍🙂
If possible need to open the center of the lift gate then you have a short lift if you needed to work on the car. Of corse some a fram Jack's for support
I drive semi for a living and if I was you, I would get a (Truck/semi) Rand McNally GPS. That way you will never end up in a dead end road or low overpass bridge. The benefits of a commercial GPS are priceless.
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🤞✌
Love the Marine emblem on the doors!
Seems like to much hastle
What would be the issue of taking the door off. Since the gate closes up everything.
I bet the ramp part on the ligate getting tight is just due to dirt
Also another comment, I see people saying you should do a sick livery on the bus and such... I would take off what's on it, and leave it looking stock so you don't attract a lot of attention and risk maybe someone breaking in and stealing shit or even sabotaging something. Keep a low profile... I know with a unit this big that's dumb, but it's better to be safe than sorry.
You're going to be happy. Nothing on there that can't be fixed. It's just a machine. And it's unique!
Do you need a CDL to drive that rig?
i want a full bus build
I bet you could probably get ride of those inside doors if they cause an issue, considering the ramp closes it off and the outside doors completely "seal it, but I'm not sure how weatherproof it would be to do that... Tight fit, but looks sweet. If you had the Miata in there it would look like a go cart, lol
You seeping to modernize the headlights and taillights right ?
As a previous transport company. You want to add more lighting especially on the loader. The winch line needs a snatch block & it’ll help with tangling. But update the lighting asap helps especially at night or LIABILITY REASONS
Wow. that thing is Ginormous! Hopefully a nice wrap is next. The eagle is cool and all but not really hip. I say just wrap it all white.
Now sell the white truck and just use the Fummins. Much better imo
Such a sick setup, can’t wait to see how you guys progress with this bad boy! I’ve been selling motorhomes for years and have never seen anything like this one; great purchase!
All the drivers of the bus may have to get air brake endorsements. Some states require it.
youre living the dream man! thing is epic!
Easier to put car in tow truck bed /or similar. try to put damaged car in now.
A tandem  rear steer modification  for the bus..is in order ..think sparks motors could handle  it 😂
Matching livery with the bus would be so great. What about replacing the steel winch cable with synthetic rope, to avoid tangles and kinks?
Bad ass set up, we have a similar set up but ours is a trailer car storage on top and garage on the bottom. The e track idea is smart but I know from experience that the car(s) usually don’t move if you have four straps on it. The only problem with that is that you have to have some very good straps. Another thing is if you don’t like to get in and out all the time there is a company that makes steering buddies that use  a Milwaukee battery. They have a quick disconnect on them. We use it for our cars bc we’re all bigger guys and it’s a tight squeeze in between the trailer wall and the car.
Would be cool if you carried on adding track stickers on the back of the bus for the tracks you drive 👌
No no don’t do black on any motorhome.  The sun heating is a serious serious problem with all that square feet of walls. There is a show motorhome that is black.  They openly said it was a bad idea but looks cool.
I’m almost certain you have a Cummins M11. Look it up on Google and compare the pictures but I think that’s what it is
The coolest part of the bus is if you where going to a event like gridlife you’d be able to bring the vette to drift and the Miata to grip drive and have a super fun weekend
Are you sure the generator also charges the 12v batteries?
Someday you'll look back on this chapter and lol
See if u can mount some outriggers under the body to set out whenever ur loading or sitting for awhile. Should help stability and keeping it level.
Does this mean your going to the LZ INVITATIONAL IN CANADA ?
Retint needed asap, cool rig
Maybe look at converting the 2 inner doors to a single top hinge on gas rams, would be completely out the way then.
What’s awesome is if u ever need to trim any limbs off the trees you gotta 53’ scaffold 😂😂
No offence if you like it, but you HAVE to get rid of the flaming eagle graphics...the checkered is fine but that eagle and flames are cringey.
Self clearance-ing the landscape, I love it.
Great stuff. A few tips from someone who has had coaches for decades at events. Get a routine and stick to it. People always want to talk to you while setting up. Ask them to wait till you’re done. Interruptions can be costly. Hear belt tensioner squeaking. New belts and tensioners save old for emergency
the mismatch lug nut caps on bus drive my ocd through the roof
“Gotta do some landscaping deletes”  Immediately does landscaping delete with the bus.   😂🤣
I give it 6 months and this bus will be sold or traded.
The Bus is very cool I would say just update the headlights and taillights would be nice.
the transmission is i guess an Allison
your cable winch issue i would shorten the cable of or till the length required to drop and lift that door (that's the only purpose its for ) this should resolve that issue by the way this is a mean damn machine the bus the vette is wicked we need to see it perform and yes its a CUMMINS N14 Select Engine its got 3 red valve covers
I love how hyped Josue is on the bus haha! "Wrong side partner"
Jose sketched me out stood on the car lift between the car and the bus while lifting. Could be nasty if the car moved. But what a rig man
Spray marks on the dekk so no trying when putting car in
Might be a good idea to swap the winch over to dyneema synthetic rope. very strong and doesn't get damaged when the winch binds up.
This is awesome Taylor but be careful running the engine and generator together you may overcharge your batterys
Would be awesome if ypu could put trap doors or cut the centre of the lift so that you can use it like a hoist at the track.
greetings from Ireland I love the bus BUT !!!!! it needs spot lights & light bars loads of them lol
I really like the bus the way it is but I understand you'd want to do your touches to it just remember it's a classic and there's not too many left these buses. A bus like this has always been my dream to but like you said you cannot find them I don't race I wanted it for all my fun toys LOL you can turn these things into major luxury vehicles❤ but I love it. it was a very good Vine
White to keep it cool in FL for sure ..  black could be a huge mistake with that much surface area .. the silver reflects alot of heat 🔥
Get yourself the slack adjuster tools and every so often jack the axles up and adjust the brakes grease all the adjusters s cams etc
What a beast 💪.. somebody put alot of time and $ in that thing at some point
One question.  Where did you get all the money?  Did you used to work somewhere?
Matte black livery would look cool yes, but the garage on top will be COOKIN. I'd rather see if some hints of the Vette livery could be wrapped over the middle section somewhere, where currently the eagle and flames are, and then fading out into the Aluminum for the most possible geat reflection 😊
Love it! You might find pulling the ramp out easier if you lift the gate to about 3' or whatever is comfortable to get more leverage
I think that’s a redtop N14 Cummins. Redtop means ya get a lil more power already over a factory plane Jane N14. I’m not 100% but I feel like it is with the year of the bus, style of the motor all that. Looks like it would be a N14
What is that bubble on the roof of the cab?
You know with a rig of this size it seems to me that going to FD seems more and more doable
You should fab up an angle kit for the toter then you can put anywhere you want
A spreader bar on those doors would be nice! Jack the doors open and don't worry about them while loading/unloading.
They make BT or wire controlled steering wheel controllers. It hooks to your steering wheel hub. A lot of late model dirt track guys use them.
I agree with the matte black wrap with white letters. But do the skull from the shirts where the eagle is, would look badass!
I don't understand why the 2nd set of doors in the back? 3rd procedure after dropping the lift door. Lol
Maybe a extended steering shaft and wheel onto the regular wheel quick disconnect, to steer the Vette? Is there a onboard air compressor?
What about swapping the winch rope to nylon and going with a non roller fairlead?
Cleeter & LZ will be amazed at this rig you've got, it's so cool for a one car transporter with accommodation, Rj in Oz
I'd love to see some companies sponsor his bus and help him upgrade and modernize it, would be great content. I'd definitely watch
you should put a pulliy down lowe so you don,t take the  front of the car out
N14 cummins 👌👌
Car elevator is some James Bond shit
As a truck driver, your right hand turns will always be the tightest and sketchiest. Don’t forget you’re real tall. I suggest a trucker gps, it will route you around low bridges and roads that cant support your weight.
Man i want a car hauler bus now.   You need to swap tv out and put an editing pc up there to do you can stream and edit content. I'm curious the kind of space that is up there
That’s a pretty smart idea I would of never thought of something like that
I need to sens u a PM with info and contacts of a bunch of bus people/mechanics. Parts. Old buses can have quirks.. always good to have a vast array of people to be able to pull knowledge from just in case..
Is one of the planned upgrades to get rid of those flames?
Man is stepping up and putting an exclamation mark on it good stuff man enjoy it all @Taylor Ray
Feel like a wrap will get destroyed by the branches and things
Get the tires off the dirt or they will rote fast
AWESOME !!!!
Some suggestions 1 if your going to tie the wheels get some chassis stabilizer bags to keep the car from bouncing it will help the bus and car  2 switch the winch line out to synthetic its much nicer and for either winch your really not going to get a lot of abrasion or uv on them  3 if your changing the wheels or considering dropping the spare  wheels for weight just get the lightweight Alcoas tires aren’t hard to change with the right tools but getting off the side of the road fast is top priority in my opinion (that might be because a tow truck driver friend of mine got painted down the side of his bosses truck because someone wasn’t paying attention)  4 It might sound dumb but building a set of slides outs for your  under storage out of aluminum goes a long way to keeping things organized especially when your trying to leave after an event exhausted/it’s pouring or is about to and your trying to hurry 5 that bathroom and roof are probably going to be the Bain of your existence with that rv and be the easiest way to ruin it  for the bathroom good quality fittings go a long way to keeping you out of  contortionist positions to fix leaking plumbing  And with the roof a good roof coating applied on a schedule then parked under shade even trees is better than leaving it bake under the sun  6 for the cost and effort a a few coats of  a long lasting ceramic coating costs less than frequent ro wash and waxes in the long run for both time and money  7 with the amount of time money and give a fuck your going to be transporting in the bus consider putting a “stop fyre” system on it the last thing you want is a small wiring problem becoming a big bonfire because of the car or engine runway whatever  (I don’t work for stop fyre but it’s a gaseous extinguisher replacement for the production banned halon gas it’s non corrosive or conductive so it leaves you less to worry about if you actually need it)
Put it on the other side of the shop and add a door on the shop that lines up with the side door on the rig so u can use the couch area as a hangout/relaxing spot in the shop when its not in use
This is every kids dream playing with hot wheels
Probably lots of work but you should make a new rear door for the bus, one that flips up on gas struts or hydraulic rams.  Lots of pros less people required to load, doors wont rub on the cables, extra rain cover
Hey @16:32 you seemed a tad low, dreams of owning inevitably turn out this way. I was thinking drop-downs or pop-outs either side at garage end, so you can access car 360° The extreme is Google 'hopkins-build-353'
Gotta keep an eye on bridges/overpasses heights as well, suck to take out your AC units.  There is actually a channel for a low bridge that everyone hits LOL @11foot8plus8
Can you just relocate the liftgate winch point and have the cable end unclip the not lifting or lowering?
What a rig!  Love that you like your rig as much as the race car - I am totally there for more rig content.
Don't ever try to open  a maxi can  the spring that is compressd in there will take your head off. I grew up on farm was always  taking  things apart to see how it worked  I'm lucky to be alive
I watched the Hunt the Front guys struggle loading their late model into the trailer. They use a steering wheel buddy, it’s used to steer the wheel from the back or front while using a winch. Might look into that.
Your neighbors must hate you lol
If you guy are not familiar with air brakes I'd take a air brake  course if I was you. Big fines if d.o.t  catch you with slack adjusters out just a little won't be going anywhere
should convert those inner doors into one that goes up - can have gas struts to those missing corners and everything!
I’m playing American truck simulator on steam. Wheel and all.
Yo boy Jose seems to be into Bus stuff 😹
Wrong side partner...LOL
Maybe you can call the guys who layed your driveway at the old place 😅 lol
Hey if the racing doesn't work out you could always start a band and go on tours with the bus.
Heard drifting road trip and thought grid life hopping just bouncing to all the grid life events"
Removable centre section on the loading ramp would give you a way to work on the car if you need to pull the gearbox etc
Load the car back in it, fill your toolbox with tools, put the wheels and tires in the bay and fill your water tanks, fuel tanks and pretty much load it like you are going to be headed to an event then carefully go to the local truck stop weight scales and get the weights for the axles.  That will allow you to know where to set tire pressures (they are set according to weights on them) and more importantly know that you are not overweight on your tires or axles.  Check the date codes and load ratings for the tires.  A TPMS system is a great investment.  Start studying for your air brake endorsement, most states it’s exempted because it’s an rv but not all states and having the knowledge of the air brakes operation is always beneficial.  Just the first of many recommendations I’d be happy to share.  Steer tires especially are extremely important.  A steer tire blow out on the highway and that bus will likely be on its side in a ditch.  Rv exemption in regards to cdl etc will be a potential problem you should research.  The vehicle being used for commercial purposes while you aren’t hauling paying passengers there are some serious concerns of legal issues especially when logos start going on it.  Get the correct legal advice to CYA about those matters from more appropriate sources than random people on the internet like me ;)  Having an “interpretation of the law” discussions on the side of the road with a DOT officer probably isn’t going to lead with you driving away feeling like a winner.
I understand  staying on top of stuff but can't be worried about breaj8ng down. Especially with the skills of everyone on the team if situation comes up on the road just handle it. Can't be stressing it all the time.
Remember to upgrade the headlights too!
I would think about paving or pouring concrete and widening it some where you pull out to the street as when it rains and you're loaded, the bus is gonna sink in your yard from the weight. Probably cut back the tree's too so its not so tight.. Other than that it looks good..
Could make a big lean too on the right side of garage back it straight it
It's an M11 is what the engine looks to be based on what you showed
It's very nice!!  The rear end of the buss is perhaps a little overdesigned. Can the inner doors be removed completely?
Cool as fuck!! Absolutely love the bus dude!!
A year ago sold our house and bought a 43ft 5th wheel camper knowing nothing about it at all parked it on family’s property and after about 4-5 months living in it I felt comfortable staying it and knowing where to look if something happened
You have to know your bus height and fully loaded weight, plus your route to your destination for any trip.  Do that research before making any trips 👍
You should convert the doors it to have them hinge up like a garage door.  Would work as a rain and sun cover, as well as be out of the way to load the car.
That lift bending and wobbling all over is sketchy AF
Hey Taylor, So glad your happy with this. its a dream come true for alot of people and seeing this makes me so happy for you. coming from someone who drives trucks on the daily. your on day 2, use it as a daily for a month and you will be able to put it almost anywhere. It also might have a lifting rear axle that will help with getting round tighter corners as some of the smaller trucks ive driven have this, lifts the rear axle about 1inch form the ground, is also useful if your in snow/mud as it puts the weight onto the drive axle. Only other major thing id recommend is changing the winch to one with a synthetic rope as when a steel rope breaks it can cut you in half and the synthetic ones can still hold the weight but dont carry the force as much if they do.
That style bus is also a dream of mine. This is very cool
Not gonna lie it looks so wild seeing the bus back in the driveway. Give it a whole New presents. It's sick dude love it
That thing is so sick. Best of both worlds. Toe a little smart car and you're sorted haha!
I bet if you contact diesel Dave from heavydsparks, he’d probably would be able to tell you everything you need to know about the engine of the bus. On another note, you got yourself a badass rig. Hyped to see it pull up to the events an possibly see it in person at osw or freedom factory, the local tracks.
Dang, and just think to back when you and Ben borrowed that RV and now you have this! Holy upgrade Batman lol  So stoked for y’all and the constant upgrades for this program.
tbh i love the current look, vette looks sick but i wouldnt cover up that wild throwback of a look
For the doors, is it possible to change the hinges to double action or a pin style to lift the doors off for loading? Even a roller door could work.
A single black strip of duct tape down the center of the ramp will help immensely loading the car in the center without bouncing back and forth to check each side. 🤔
Check reverse light
Need to get your "headshot" logo and cover that eagle lol
That's going to needs big tow rig when it brakes down.
A idea, could the rear doors be upgraded to a double hinge, like a horse box has ? It might give you more space making the body the narrow point, rather than the doors.
Just noticed the back right wheel doesn't have the big stud spikes like the other wheels.
Great purchase Taylor makes racing so much more comfortable 👌🏻👍👌🏻👍👌🏻👍👌🏻👍🙈🏴‍☠️👨‍🌾✊🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
Time to talk to Cleetus' asphalt guys! Also, that rear door into the bus, you could have it pivot from the roof on gas struts to gain more width access to load a car in.
Dude Taylor, this is thing is fucking sick! Hopefully it works out in operation like it seems it will. Curious why the previous owner wanted to trade you for a traditional trailer. If the rear doors are the tightest point, maybe look into a quick pin removal system so you can take them on and off? May or may not be worth it depending on how they attach, but could get you a couple crucial inches.
please dont forget to bleed your air tanks every day when on the road my friend
9:20 great, I have these and now I have another way to lose my drink while working on my car lol
You guys should get a awning on one side of it
Just spit on it and run er on in there
Awesome investment I hope you have years of wonderful memories
Dont ride the brakes so much . Thats why u hear the squeaky sound when braking your heating them up by riding the brakes
Mis matched drive wheels bugs me! Haha
Congrats Bro its a really nice set up ! Dont forget a fire extinguisher n a first aid kit .
Kinda sounds like that thing has an air leak
I would suggest swapping that winch cable for a synthetic rope winch line if possible. if not definitely keep an eye out for fraying on the cable. If that snaps it would be real bad news. Also, gloves... cables bite real bad! That rig is a unit!
A possible quick fix for the doors could be changing the hinges to the kind that allow you to lift the doors off.
I love the bus.
I am an old Bus nut and have always loved working on them and driving them. You did real good and you will learn a lot as you go. It sure has a long over hang, what did they add to it, about 5 feet in all? You will learn to be real careful going into driveways and dips at truck stops.
Few subs more and I hope you trade it for something better. Like with your trailers or trucks 😅
Not a bad way to spend 110 grand!
So happy for you! Man just think back to when you started and where you are now! Silly question though, are the rear internal doors required? The ones that cause the loading and unloading of the car to be super tight. IMO those doors could be removed unless they provide a weather shield. Maybe a good alternative would be to replace those twin internal rear doors with a single lightweight door that lifts up over your head and is then held in place, this could then create a simple canopy and would also provide you with more space left to right.
Love the bus ❤
i think it better then my i.d. of doing a school bus.
I'd build myself an access panel over the top of the engine so you're not always leaning down to work on it
The bus is Awesome; glad it fits the 'Vette! I'd get some planning done and get a contractor lined up asap (there all probably busy there, like they are here) to widen the driveway and I would consider a concrete pad for the side yard (you'll need to remove the substrate probably 6" deep and get a good rock base down to hold the weight of the bus, whatever surface you go with). I do not want to see a video about the bus stuck in the front yard after a nice Florida rain (and you know it will)!
Thats a big boy bus! Congrats!!
Its very nice having jose talk in the background
One thing I thought with the lift gate.. cool it lifts it right. But it would be better if you could somehow fab and customize it to be like almost a 4 post hoist with removable rear beams. So cutting out a middle section or come up with something like a 4 post drive on lift to be able to service your car at the track ect.
figure out your path, delete the shrubbery and stuff in the way, then get a coupl loads of driveway chat brought in and smooth it out then pack it down good with the bus.  Or better yet, just spend some of your youtube money on having an actual concrete driveway put in that is at LEAST 6" thick.
They make fold down beds, for enclosed trailers, that you can mount on the wall in the garage of the RV. Or you just make a really trick one that's hides when you fold it up.
Could you look at deleting the garage doors? They’re a complete pain by the looks of things. If you could seal the garage with the tail lift it would be heaps better
Get yourself a little Jeep as a rescue rig to pull behind it.
Europeans tow with vans or camping cars. Americans use pickups and buses/trucks...
Need a vid with Cleetus. He will love the bold eagle. Haha!
As a city bus operator I'm enjoying every minute of this!
Do you need a CDL for this ?
I am calling it now - 18 months max, before Taylor moves on from this monster!
do not rapp it
I think the look of the bus is perfect as is, if anything personalize the inside. Also, could cut down that limb by the driveway so you don't have to worry.
You said your self its a little slow, Throw  Big  -ol Turbski on it. When you had the engine compartment open it looks like it didn't have one, so make a it a a turbo diesel .
Are you doing FD next year?
fark'n BADASS!!!
I'd definitely consider maintenance and/or modernising what you can on the electrical system, lighter stonger batteries, new inverter, better gauge wire, fuses,breakers, double check all the connections/grounds. Modern electronics can nuke older 90's/00's stuff if something isnt wired right or grounded sufficiently and the last thing you need is an electrical fire.
Hey man sick buss!   Its a big job but would be worth it in the long run to do some concreet for your buss carport/storage, and common paths of travel (loading unloading ect)  thats a lot of weight sitting and rolling through your property, dont want to tear up your land with ruts or get the big rig stuck in the soft grass/mud/dirt when it rains!!!  Keep up the awsome awsome content!!!
21:55 listen to those cicadas scream 😂
What a monster..
If you want on board air you can either put a spare tank on with an air hose fitting on it and use the buses air compressor to fill the tank. Would be good for just in case situations like if your portable one dies or it breaks at a comp or something like that. Just a thought. I have seen it a few times on some of the semis I work on and I have seen it even more on rvs that have air brakes also.
Damn I didn’t expect the inside to be so clean!!
What's the ufo in the roof?
Nice ass rig!! I Can live in something like that!!
This bus is so gangster! Can’t wait to see it when you’re done with it
Love it ✌🏽😎
Pretty cool
The only thing I don't like on the bus is the "front light plate". Depend on the bargai , I woulb still get it myself of I was on the market for it. I would redo the same things as you will do, I'm sure of that, but the front light plate, I will work on that too ^^
For one exit and one entry, you could do it on the battery only. I'm sure you will use the generator between each "step". So I'm not worried about that.
Can’t you just take those inner doors off? Do you really need 3 sets of doors at the back? 😂
@taylorray if you want to quiet down the generator side panel, try sticking a sheet of dynamat to it
You should alter the ramp so you can use it as a hoist if need be. Would be easy as
what did you do today? I played with my bus, like made sure my race car fit inside, nothing too crazy, ha! The bus has to be black bud. It has to match. White would be ok I guess but what a giant ice cube ya know. this is a cool twist for your channel imho. a winner, well done.
Make some advertisments on the bus for your YouTube channel.
any failsafes or manual options if the liftgate fails right before a track day?
I think get rid of them doors.
hopefully you see this because im genuinely curious do you not need a CDL for this or do you have one ?
Can we see a race car bed added to the garage for Josue
Next big project on your house should be some new concrete. And do a little half oval where your bus is parked
Absolutely love the Rig.. clean matte Black with livery would be dope. Or partial livery! Please get rid of the checker floor n red leather later on.. so cliche 🤷🏻‍♂️ frickin badass tho bro .
I like the rig but seems like a lot of work for just hauling a race car…
I think it’s official, you’ve reached the American dream!!, just remember not so long ago the stresses of buying the house.. and now you’ve got a house on wheels!, pinch yourself it’s real!
Gloss white would be so cool
What is the total length with the car at the back lol
Wow!!! that eagle is a unicorn!! I have a Prevost XL...i love busses!!!
Love how retro 90s this is
"riggin''
U will need a small car or bike to get around when ur parked
This bus looks insanely almost comically huge. Big congrats.
You could fab something that folds out from the deck of the bus to locate exactly where you want and need the car, just like one you would have in a garage
Just started watching you consistently a few months ago.   I race utv’s and know how good it feels to get the rig you’ve dreamed about as a kid.  So genuinely happy for you on this purchase.   Glad to see it’s working out and can’t wait to see a full drift weekend in the Trauler.  (Taylor Ray Hauler)
This is awesome. Super cool
Hell of a rig you have there Taylor.  I'm sure you'll get all the bugs worked out soon enough once you start using it on a regular basis.  One thing you may want to check, especially if you intend to be sleeping over in it using the generator, are Carbon Monoxide detectors.  You may already have them installed on this unit but it never hurts to have a couple backup battery operated ones.  I can't wait to see your first road trip to some drifting events.  Cheers!
Oh with the car, SLOW DOWN IN CORNERS. The car is gonna change your center of gravity big time. Any big corners slow down. Big rig wreckers are expensive and byses get hauled on a roll back semi and that's even more. Minimum a grand fir one to load and haul so don't need one.
That this is awesome!
I would do inverse of wrap, white is so much nicer for rvs and trailers. Specially in ur neck of the woods
I can from experience say this was highly doubtful a city transit bus. They do not buy this style. They buy  fiberglass bodied buses with huge rubber bumpers as they are easier to fix. This may have been an express or freeway runner which are stripped down less luxury tour the grand canyon tour bus type. Could even be a tour Kenny Roger's type but not a run of the mill transit. Number one sign is lack of windows. Transit buses are windows front to rear. Next aluminum cladding. As stated fiberglass is easier to maintain and repair in high accident metropolitan areas. Third the tri axle is great to soften long rides on the freeway but make tight turns in the city impossible. So I doubt this was a transit bus. More like a tour bus.
One of the best looking c6 👌🏿 hands down
That looks like a red top n14 celect plus they are solid engines one of my personal favorites very powerful motors and reliable sometimes they do get finicky with fuel problems but very straight forward to diag 👍🏾
I didn’t get through the whole video yet but with our team that races cup spec Porsches we take off the drivers door when putting it in our hauler, especially on the top level. It’ll help a guy get in and be able to steer and brake while also being able to get out easier.  We may have more clearance than you though.  Just a thought! Love the rig brother!!
straight pipe the bus!!! always used to love watching old youtube videos of straight piped diesel pushers!
when stamraooing down your car by the tires your race shocks get similar movement to bus, will "put miles" on your track setup
where can i get a tailgate lift gate like that?
Do you need to get a class b license  for that due to the air breaks
this thing is sooo sick!
Looking at the air compressor on that thing, I would imagine you could run air tools and possibly quick jacks off it at the track. TV seems like it may need to have the channel set on it or the receiver may need to be changed to the correct setting to output the picture. Some of the off road viewers may be able to chime in here.... but I'm relatively sure you can get a wire lead that runs back and forth across the face to ensure the cable runs out/in smoothly
It he is serious about living in the garage when at the track I think you should get a curtain rod to hang a blanket or whatever. This way he has bit of privacy from the main door. I would have claimed that space for myself too. Just a foldable cot and the curtain and Insta bedroom. I think when you move the bus to load of unload just pull the nose of the bus to road or just as much space as you need for the lift to load or unload straight into and out of the shop. Then you don't have to worry about the grass or landscaping. And as I said in your last video when you replace the tv redo the sides also to give you a space to put subwoofers.
if you already have the generator, might as well include batteries,solar panel and e axle like Edison motors and make it a hyvrid
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Another thing because I think I deal with those motors a lot looks like same top end but as far as jack brake usually if cruise works your Jake works because you will notice that cruise not working before that Jake
Since you're already this deep into it, i think it would be best if, instead of gravel in your RV port, you should do concrete. it's a lot of weight to sit in one place for long periods on gravel. just my 2 cents. Edit: saw your notes on the end about the livery. i think white with black to be the reverse of the Vette would look sick. doing matte black as the main color probably wouldn't be bad either, since that A/C in there seems to be pretty badass.
I think you should make that door swing back in time
Need to do led headlights and good ones
Hit up JH Diesel to go over the engine with you and give you the crash course for maintaining the engine andwhat ever else he might know about that rig.
Definitely pick up the tool to adjust the air brakes and learn how to as the weight of this buss you’ll need to get a yearly inspection for DOT air brakes are easy to adjust just need to learn it and get the tools needed very cool
You gotta race Cletus’s toter home with this bad boy.
obsessed with this thing. hard not to be excited about such a sick setup
those rear barn doors could be made to be a single lift up tailgate with gas struts/ally frame. that way width isnt an issue
Taylor, that engine looks like a m11 Cummins. I happen to work for a peterbilt dealer and have oem Cummins diagrams and service manuals. Please reach out if you need anything for it.
Talk to Cleetus about his toter-home guy .. he just got that thing all fixed up, i bet they could find some sweet upgrades to do to yours
Lightning Mcqueen vibes
Not sure why I’m more excited for a bus build that another car build, but I can’t wait for more videos to come
also buy like 4-6 cotts to set up in the storage area for when u have lots of people.
You need to build a lean to/ shelter down the side of your shed and keep it under cover and out of the weather
Wonder how many racecar groupies got slayed on that red porno couch?
id make those 2 doors removable in the back so u done have to fight them at all and change the winch to a synthetic rope i think those dont have as much problems from what ive heard.
This setup is cool. But is not practical. Who else thinks Taylor is not going to stay with this setup. This takes too much time to get in and out and the set up time will take way to long.
Take that beast to Bus Grease Monkey to have the brakes, suspension, and wheel bearings inspected
It’d be badass if you put a U-driveway in for the rig
This thing is so cool. All i can say is maintenance, maintenance, maintenance! Make sure you check date codes on those tires! A blow out on a steer on the highway with that much weight....we won't talk about it. Also, as others keep saying, learn to pay attention to overhead clearances. Be safe and enjoy it!
How about match the vette to that rad ass paint job on the bus
Countdown until Taylor realizes this hauler isn't up to par.  Shall we start taking bets? How many days?
I wonder if the set of doors is even actually necessary, like could you weatherstrip the ramp to the frame or the big doors?
Taylor, after listening to the engine noise more, it definitely sounds like an M11 Cummins, and part of the number plate you see on the timing cover, looked it said the motor is rated @ 400HP and 1450ft/lbs of torque.  Which is why it feels so quick, that low end torque really, is what helps get things moving. And that 400 horse is definitely enough to easily maintain highway speeds, no problem.
Also you can learn to adjust the air brakes to eliminate the squealing
Dude!!!! So glad to hear you are coming to bristol on labor day. Are you doing the meet and greet. Would love to meet you guys!!!! I'll see you there Sep 2 and 3!!!! Woot
will it fit ?    that's what she said
Looks like a n14 engine
Honestly might be worth adding some kind of little vertical stripe in the centre of the bus on the engine compartment doors and one on the centre of the 'Vette's front end, just to make lining it up easier?
Taylor! Get walkie talkies so you and Josue can communicate when parking! 👌🏼
What a rig! Looks like you are a natural putting that behemoth back in a spot. Practice practice.
You could look into wheels just for transport to make loading easier
Don’t leave those slide outs, out when you’re storing it unless you can a garage or enclosure. Slide toppers can help but water and the outside elements is the main thing that’ll kill them. There’s 3 types of slides,!8 couldn’t tell from the video. All are very different. Hydronic, electric and cable electric. Preventative maintenance and research will save you thousands on repairs. RV service shops will all be months backed up too so keep that in consideration.
Another enjoyable video 👍
Keep the chrome skirts keep it looking retro like it is. matt black with the style of the vette would look dope. if you where someone like cleetus keep the eagle but it needs an update i know youll kill it in that aspect
I’m more of a truck and trailer guy, but man that bus is growing on me. Absolutely sick setup man!
I know it’s expensive but if you swap the rear winch cable with nylon winch rope it won’t matter as much for the drum getting wound up improperly and binding
Wrap it all black like the Vette
You absolutely have to replace that dragster picture by the slide out with a picture of the miata to pay tribute to everything you accomplished with it
Who's blue ss is that 👀👀👀
Awesome love the bus going to be great
Get rid of the two doors and get a roll up door
Just wondering if you put a ring on that woman of yours. Kinda hard to find one will to push a race car onto a lift. 😷
Dream of all love car and drift bro. Congra.. love that vídeo. ♥
You can get graphite paint for the ramps and it will slide in like butter, you just have to reapply every few years probably
Is that a pulley with no belt on the left side of the engine?
Big Mutha Trucker!! That's the game that came to mind! Crazy to think its been 20 years since it came out!
Bus is cool af man. Curious,  do you need a cdl to drive it? It would be cool to use the air compressor to fill another tank so you can use air tools at the track if you had to.
A benefit to having the car in the back of the bus is Josue can work on it while you drive to the track.
Money well spent, looks good , the flex is real hard a nice wrap for the exterior is going to be 🔥
Thought I heard Cleetus flying over checking out the new rig. Was almost expecting to see a yellow plane short land on your street.😂
Looks like a N14 Cummins
That thing is badass. Yes wrap it....
Good old American truck simulator i have 3,025.0 hours in it lol good vid ones again 😁
Also need to reinforce those slider ramp. Lot of flex there
Perhaps the backdoor lift is the only downsite? If the lift is jammed,... No racing.
I meant to say this on the last video, you drove right past me on your way back down from Maryland.  Pretty cool to see it riding down the road.
That bus looks like it’s seen a lot of late nights and burger sugar
I wouldn't park it on anything but asphalt and compacted gravel, you don't want that thing sinking into the ground
Taylor your water heating is probably electric,  a small household type heater backed by hydronic, which is a heat exchanger between the engine coolant and your fresh water system. I can tell ya this much, it seems to be a universal truth with RV's that you will use more fresh water than you think, and your gray water will fill quicker than the black water.
I think an inverse livery wrap would be super sick for the bus!
Try and do a self sustaining solar system for it
I cannot wait until you go to the first bus track day!
i know my local truck dealer helps me with part numbers by looking up what it is by the vin
New subscriber but really impressive rig. I realize you have a lot to work through on it for improvements but wanted to mention the items that jumped out at me. You being able to fabricate definitely opens up some potential enhancements.  - mountable snatch block in centerline of garage floor (to run winch cable low and straight down the middle for easier loading and less rubbing on bumper). - mountable wheel chocks in garage and on lift for additional safety (secured to deck somehow but removable) - refabricate the bifold garage doors into a single door that uses gas struts and lifts up and over (becomes rain/sun shield and doesn't get in way of lift cable supports, seemed like you were tripping over them a lot.) - add removable pull straps to the lift extension and ramps (to save your back from bending over during loading/unloading) - add auto locking spring retainers on ramps to keep from lifting off during loading/unloading)
That's so fricken cool
I like it, and I think it’s cool, but I’m seeing a few problems in the future.  Problem one, you have no vehicle to drive if you need to go get a part, go get lunch, whatever.  Problem 2, maneuverability into some of the smaller tracks, tighter areas you’ll need to go. Problem 3, the amount of room you need to get the ramp down, and the car outside may prove to be a nuisance.  The smaller issue will be the lack of room with the vette and all your tools/spares, and tires, although that will be fixed fairly soon, I’d imagine.  Ditching those 2 doors for a roll up door will help a ton with the loading/unloading room.
you think you really need those secondary doors on the back in the first place?? maybe just ditch them to make your life easier
Get the Elon Starlink for this bus. Mobile wifi station. I think the sim would be sweet to take to some track events!
The bus is so awesome. That's what I wanted to do ever since I saw a guy show up with his race car, and I dumped truck too are local race track.
Magnificent……..👍👍🏁🏁🇺🇸🇺🇸
With the winch, they don't like rolling up without tension on them. Probably best to unspool it completely and re-wrap the whole drum.   Rig looks awesome.  Edit. Add a side roller to the rear winch, that will help keep the wire more centred.
👀
Bus is awesome
Working in the heavy duty diesel world ive only seen this engine once and that was in tech school, very easily confused with the ISM and M11, but im betting its a cummins L10.
So is the middle axle a tag axle?
I hope you build some sort of carport off the side of your shed to house it as it's to nice to leave out in the weather
Dude once again youve got me captivated.   Cant wait to see the progress! Hell yeah!
i love all the bus videos keep them coming!!!
thing is mint for an 89 man. get that sexy baby covered up yo
“Wrong side partner” lol he is about the bus stoked for you both bro
If those inside doors were just a single roll up door that would get rid of clearance worries.
I cannot wait to see the bus and house all modded out and exactly how you want it, to make this thing the best possible setup 👍👍
So.. okay. hear me out… 8 hour drive. Is it possible the car could get stuck in the bus.?
What’s the engine serial number
Bus is awesome! But, what's the point of the diamond-plate doors? It's a 3rd layer and seems to cause all the issues. Can't you just take them off? The lift and the clam shell back should seal it all.
You should get your cdl. That will help you avoid issues in other states that may require one. And maybe you can get some content out of it
Check the date code on the tires.  !
Cleetus is going to be so proud of you
NEED a GiNormous Goblin Face on the front of bus like from the movie "Maximum Overdrive"...That be dope!!!!!
Ehh they are pretty reliable I’d assume it’s similar to my family’s rig the Cummins with the Allison trans? They just drove a 4800miles round trip and no major issues!
Looks like it has a hat😂
You have a Cummins M11. Get  the engine serial number off the tag on the front cover. You get all parts info with that serial number
As a truck driver, I’d recommend you get a Truck GPS so you can put in your dimensions and take routes made for larger vehicles. Garmin makes great ones
Big Tay Big Stepper, you keep upping the ante and I could not be more happy for you.
I vote to keep the badass eagle and flames. Freedom!
I made that same livery in forza horizon 5
Do you need a different class drivers license for this thing?
I see Maryland plates. Is that where it was previously located?
Does that bus not have a way to pull up that tag axle?
What is that 90° belt system on the bus?
We all know how you like to fab so I suggest your first fab job for the coach upgrades should be to put the generator on rollers or build a rack that can allow you to put in out like a drawer. Makes it easy to service/repair/replace and if you set it up to run outside yer not heating or heat soaking that area of the bus. Make sure all bay lights are ran to switches near the doors and install bay lights in the engine area. I think they make radiator kits with flexible hoses to swing out and allow side access the engine.
that thing is a beast 😺
For the tv + the player set why not remove all and put a pc + monitor?
I love the bus, its so freakin cool. It's super functional and has great style to it
If you have the space add a solar system to keep the rv batteries charged while you are at the track.
Would there be any benefit to putting access panels in the lift gate so at the track it could be used to work under the car a little?
LoL....fing clown show......now room for stufff,tires,pit vehicle !!?? 28 year old bus....what could go wrong here !!??...what 6 miles per gallon..... good luck with all that BS....YOU GUYS COULD NOT KEEP A NEW FORD RUNNING AND THIS BUS WILL EAT YOU LIVE !!!😂
Two strap ons front and back, with a wench. Hilarious! The rigs sick!
You should take it to the scales fully loaded and see how heavy the full package is.
I am loving this rig. Subscribed to see more of it.
Would a synthetic winch rope and fairlead help?
Don't go all-black, that'll make that thing into a literal oven and use way more fuel to AC it! go white with black accents. There's a reason you don't see many black trailers!
Nice unique unit.. I saw this on RJ and thought it was so damn Badass. Best of luck with your team..
And maybe do a collaboration with JH Diesel next time you go to the freedom factory.  I am sure he could help with the engine.
23:00 you definitely need 😅 some LED high output headlights
You need to purchase a steering buddy to use when loading and unloading.
what is the bulge on the roof of the front of the bus?
Awesome setup congrats brothers. Needs a full tune up for peace of mind. Tire pressures complete fluid changes check brakes and brakes adjustments brake air lines. Tire pressures , belts
Taylor are you planning on going to Riverside drift in Indiana at the end of the month?
I see those trees getting chopped down at the entrance
Unless it wont lift up if the vette is further back. Fuck the winch just drive that shit in and adjust it as you go in bro. Fucking bank vault for your car lmao
You can add a set of chains to the lift gate and eliminate that winch to close it and the gate would close as you lower the gate
Need to invest in a pit mat for the track
31:42 might wanna trim the trees to make sure the little branches and twigs don't hit the AC units and tech stored on the roof
Put some LEDs or Hid's in those headlights. I recommend the Novsight N60
Is it just me or does anyone else wanna see absolutely any and everything to do with this bus. Its simoly THEEE coolest thing ever dude.
How long is it? Things a boat what motor?
Don't forget to plan on a cover of some kind 😁
If you shorten the winch cable, you will have less problems with the lift gate.
Dude you are doing a fantastic job driving this rig golf clap for you sir😂
Killer setup.  My grandpa used to convert these types of busses into RVs in the 90s.  He actually made a custom golf cart that would slide into the belly storage for travel.  Make sure you park it somewhere that has EXTREMELY compacted soil/gravel or it will sink.  Safe travels!
This thing is super cool BUT I think you could start a separate channel dedicated to maintaining this thing!! Excited to see how the team likes it for your next drift event though.
Be cool to see the awning out
Holy hell with those bugs at 21:00
Congrats again Taylor, that's cool as hell being a literal dream come true. I think it's one of the best car haulers out.
Get to use your cameras  this rig is awesome it's everyone's dream to have one like this your friends are jelly already 😅
I think the current livery is sick! I’d just throw some led headlights on it and put the smart tv in it like you said and the maintenance check is a good idea. Seems like a super solid purchase though you made it home no issues! These type of vehicles are made to last though and it seems like the previous owner took great care of it.
I like bus stuff!
The ford traumatized T-ray so bad he’s willing to spend $$ on anything now lol😮
this makes me want to build something like this out of a school bus for my miata
Congrats on your awesome purchase enjoy it guys
That interior door, could you make them with pins amd take them off? Or make them one piece and flip up? Could be a rain barrier if you get caught loading in the rain.
Dude I have enjoyed watching your purchase of your racecar bus but I have yet to hear anyone of you three comment on how beautiful the wrap is on this bus what's wrong with you guys this thing is awesome and beautiful so say so  if it were mine that's all I'd be saying how beautiful and how convenient this rig is 😂 just had to give ya a hard time dude
I would suggest a ladder on the car compartment so you dont have to go through the bus for parts in the pits. Im sure you could find a spot to cut a hole and build some brackets above the motor of the bus for slide in storage
So sick, I hope you put a waffle maker in it for trackside waffles (nothing better)
Thats a sick car hauler bro 🤙 The RV needs a wicked wrap job... Wicked purchase
Love the bus concept want to see it set up with the awning out
Don't forget about the Bus Grease Monkey for bus questions.
Make a big door and make it swing upwards problem solved
Congratulations on all your success great content coming from a cool dude God bless you and your family
Just wondering if it would give you more with and make loading easier if you changed those inner rear doors for a roller door 🤔
Absolutely love the bus content!!!
I’d do gloss white with matte black accents
IN THERE, LIKE SWIMWEAR 😂
Bus is dope never seen it done before
I think you are just a few landscape and gravel mods (obviously practice) away from having this fully dialed. Making it work right out of the gate with just a little effort means you definitely made the right choice. This is the hardest that will ever be. I absolutely love this thing. So glad you got it. It is the perfect level of unique to make it also a build. Definitely get the entertainment going. Also RV starlink is worth every penny and more.
This is my favorite thing I've seen a youtuber buy recently.  I'm so stoked for more videos on the bus. Definitely life goals
A cheap way to fix the tv is to put a Firestick TV on it.
Sweet freaking rig man,  for sure ! Congrats
Might need to adjust the cables on the rear platform, it was crooked after loading the car, you could see it in footage as it was folding into the back. Probably beefing up the platform and the ramps would be a good idea. You love fabbing stuff anyways, so make it safe.
God I love the new race rig  it’s out of this world where is will use more fuel it’s will save money at hotels can’t wait to see it at the first drift event we’ll done you and the boys and see your wife likes it to nice to see her out
Maybe a hydraulic piston like the ones on trunks you could use on the first extension piece of the lift so that all you have to do is tilt it and it’ll soft close
Man you made it so cool
I don't think I've ever been more hyped to see a setup.
take a doors off, 90% of your problems solved
Need a back up beep install when goin in reverse. I know is annoying but safe.
I would check out all the belt's and hose's on the engine and if any look suspect I would replace them just as a safety precaution you don't want it breaking down on the road at an inconvienent time.
Does the awning work??
I can tell you right now Taylor from the way you are having to herd that thing down the road? It needs front end work.
Measure and mark the centerline of the ramp, mark and measure the centerline of the car, measure out to the track width of the front wheels. Paint stripes for each and then your spotter can make sure your tires are aligned with the stripes. Extend these all the way out/down the ramps. The car is always centered in the bus.
This is a awesome rig. Not too many know about these. I've always wanted one of these.  As a truck driver. When you get it washed at a blue beacon or any big rig wash. Please make sure you tell them no acid on paint or brightener on wheels. If they are polish the brightener will eat up you rim polishes look. Far as acid it will destroy paint over time. Just rain x and a good wash.
Engine on the bus might be an ISM or M11. Those had the slanted valve cover. Bus is sick! At first thought you were crazy but now i think its baller!
Such a badass rig brotha!! 🔥 💯
That tree on the middle portion of garden has to go lmao
What if you made a door that swung upwards
“Wrong side partner” lol 😂 I’m dead
Eagles use torsion bar suspensions, check that there is some adjustment left.  That engine looks like a M-11.  Do you know what city the bus came from?
There's a reason a stacker trailer and motor home are the most common setups Don't get me wrong it's a dope rig but if you had a stacker you could swap a transmission change oils etc inside the trailer
Let’s see a wrap on this thang
N ow we just need prime to do their thing and get you a new wrap on this unit  😎
Go to harbor freight and get a replacement winch
A legit "toterhome" !
Do you have to have a cdl to drive?
Will say the bus is dope but there's no room for tools tires parts ect
I like the paint job just the way it is!
I was a coach mechanic for 40+ years, mostly MCI, Prevost,and Van Hool. Didn’t work on to many Eagles. I know they have a weird torsion bar suspension. I’m sure the guy set it up for the added weight of the car in the rear. It looks like a Cummins M 11, and I would assume it has an Allison automatic trans? Probably going by the year a HT740? Nice setup!
Looked like a major chore getting the car in there. Hope you get that figured out. RV's can be a dream or a nightmare. I sold mine. Lol best of luck!
Gotta get that thing on a pad.
Yessss! Please wrap that thing. I thought the flaming bald eagle was decals but I can see it’s most likely painted on, without the flames and birds it would look halfway decent but a full wrap or custom old school big rig paint job would be sick.
Bald eagles, flames, flags, a badass twin turbo vette in the back, cold a/c. It’s basically perfect.
That tree needs to come down
It looks like the engine is a n14
I want one!
Loving this new rig and evolution of your channel. With the tailgate lift cable have you thought about a seat belt material winch? It won't bind, get hot no cut and damage people or cars. I also noted maybe pulling out the lift deck extension when it's a few feet off the ground rather than a couple inches. With the doors I saw Hosey & Krissy (sorry if the spelling is wrong) playing around with bungey cords, maybe make a latch point up high so it pulls the doors wider and also means you only have to touch it once.
Josue is a great addition to the channel !
so freaking cool!!
need a picture of the bus next to cleetus's big towing rig
Type S under glow kits when this thing is finished would be hard af
2 things that will make things better for u get a steering buddy it attaches to were ur steering wheel goes and u get a remote and then u don't need to be in the car to put it in and then a wall mount for your tires then u would have more room for a grill under and u could keep ur out side fridge so u can keep less traffic in and out of the camper
You should also design some ramps like you have, make them be able too fold into stair so you can walk up and down with lift gate up.  That would be sick. Like a balcony.  Your looking over everything.
dont forget the front headlights upgrade!
Your bus is equipped with an ISM your data tag should be on the right side of the timing cover the way you look at it when you open the doors
This thing is cool but it just seems like a lot for non-long distance trips lol
Very nice 👌
Next upgrade needs to be a camera setup. All 4 Conners
You're neighborsust hate you a lot!
Can't to see a custom wrap on it.
Perhaps a set of bungie attachment points at the top of the doors, so that they can be attached above the lift gate support cables so that the doors will be held outwards and the lift can used freely without fiddling with the inner doors or bungies other then when you open the doors the first time, you could even put the hook point lower down on the inner door so that it pulls on the middle of the door if it would be beneficial over the top of the door, just simply run the bungie over the gate support cables.
I see some new black top coming soon
Yoy should cement the property
I would measure your height
Holley makes retrofit led headlights and replace the fogs with newer led pods or 2 short bars
That is NOT an n14. That is a cummins L9 or L10. You can find serial number on a metal tag on the timing cover, it should also have hp/tq figures on the tag too.
Nice, the previous owner ran spec e46!
Taylor get the brakes checked and adjusted, recently on my semi my brakes were humming like yours and I found out I had a cracked brake shoe on one axle, so a clean and adjustment should help with the humming brakes
Be constantly aware of your height and overhangs.  I love this setup.
For the tailgate winch replace the cable with a nylon rope and replace the guide rollers so it doesn't get stuck.
You should have a tag axle switch to lift the tag axle when you are maneuvering it in tight places.  Some small cones to put out when you are opening up the back may help to keep people back a little when you are dropping the lift.  Use dry lube on the lift slide out so it does not attract dirt.  Measure the bus and write it on a card you keep right by the dash so when driving and you see a bridge you know you are ok.
You should hydrologic that instead it will be way faster too. I was saying wireless winch. But for real. The other way is the best solution.  More expensive yes.  But worth it absolutely.
When driving buses where you sit in front of the wheel, you gotta fight the urge to steer like a car. A good rule of thumb when turning is turning once your shoulder is where the turn is. This will help you to avoid your back wheels running up the curb. Also remember your rear overhang swings out as you turn so be aware of that when turning. Ex bus driver.
It won’t be long and you’ll have that buss totally figured out. Congratulations
Check the things that work , LIKE the gen wiring too. They will bite you if they fail!
So fun!  Lots of retromod opportunities.  Solar for sure.  Starlink.  Collab with the lads at @BusGreaseMonkey would be killer. Black, especially in Florida, is no bueno.  At least the roof.  White roof then the sides you should be good.  RV parks are notoriously snooty so do some research before you hit the road.
Look into a steering buddy. It connects to your steering shaft and you use a control to turn the wheels. It’s what we use to get our Latemodels into our lift gate
Just love seeing how pumped Taylor is for this
An awning  would be great I think you won’t regret on those hot track days.
Holley/Morimoto make an LED headlight replacement if you're looking to improve the headlights.
Such a sick toy hauler bro!  Can't wait to more on it!
Suggest you watch some of the "Bus Grease Monkey" bus maintenance videos he has done. Diagnosing problems and preventive maintenance with these rigs is imperative! Some  OEM parts are very hard to locate or acquire.Your air brake system must be spot on for you and other vehicles on the road. AND just for giggles drain your main air tank NOW!
Taylor the headlights on the bus can be changed with 90s jeep cherokee led headlights is the same lights i have on my 82 corolla and the ones from your ae86
Dude, please have the mechanicals inspected, airbags, suspension, bearings, air system/brakes,...gotta check all that before taking it on any significant trip no matter the receipts the guy had or not.
Just fyi I don’t think the slide out was out all the way. It should sit flat. It should almost drop down a little when it’s all the way out
Tree on the rh side of driveway needs to go asap
For your gravel parking pad, get some geocell material from RutGuard to stabilize the stone, makes a 4” thick pad act like 12”. The stone won’t displace under the tires, works fantastic.
Just like a new girlfriend, you gotta try everything out. And you almost live in it for at least a week.  😆
I think it's ridiculous. With that said....i love it!
Look at getting a steering buddy, not cheap but would make things easier getting the car in and out, especially solo
WTF is that belt on the left going the other direction? some kind of bevel gear drive?
Changed the door opening ???? Make the enter door lay flat giving you more space Maybe???
I have a question for you about bus 1  bwm fit in bus?
can you cut the doors so you could swing the bottoms out maybe make them removable? that should give you some room
That looks like a Cummins N14 to me, is the top end black head and red valve covers?
If you can do it, I think turning the gate winch to face the point it's pulling from would help your cable bunching up issue.
Gotta love toy haulers  Especially this one  I hope you keep the side decals!!
One thing i noticed is all your tail lights are on the doors that open  so if you had to work in the engine bay at night at the side of the road you would have no visible lights, so you should look at adding some tail lights behind the doors as well!
So my first question of seeing if you can fit both cars in tgere has been anseeed
Is the main engine a catapillar engine?
The same wrap on the bus as the vette would be so clutch
You should build a lean-to off the side of the shop where the Ram is parked and keep the bus there out of the elements.       Edit- shouldn’t have committed till the video was over 😅
My man Tray has come so far since the little garage and the first miata build, cant wait for the loft and the future upgrades to this beast rv!
The Cummins looks like a M11, there should be a dataplate on it btw. You can rebuild them, I wouldn't mess with the ECM, they are expensive if it is ROM booted. Leave it stock and overhaul it when necessary.
White with the black livery would be snazzy!
Wire it so that you can start it and shut it down from the back.
Sick
I cant wait to see the Garage Built Co Livery to match the Vet! Thats gonna be nice!!
Plan on doing a wrap or anything to update the look ?
Thats a hell of a procedure
Road trip to Iowa 80 truck stop would be interesting.
Put a sticker in the drivers (windshield) seat area of the exterior dimensions and weight for quick reference by ANYONE driving it.
Bus grease monkey needs to check  out bus ...
i see a summit point sticker on the back
I would check the slack adjusters on the brakes and check the brake shoes and drums also if they haven’t been replaced recently, fuel filter, fuel water separator and the thing about Cummins is priming the fuel system is easier then Volvo pumping almost 100 times lol😂 and make sure there isn’t any air brake lines or any lines that looked damaged if you could lift it up
i would try to find a way to attach/mount a new fairlead where the rollers are. a one-piece fairlead won't allow the cable to bind like it currently does.
Scariest part is the fuel cost
Looks like a M11 cummins
This thing is awesome
Do you need a class B license to drive that bus?
Keep This  Content  Coming
7 minutes in, you're talking about the width of the car. All I can think of is monster trucks. You need to put the narrowest tallest wheel on there that you can for loading and unloading. Seems like the simplest solution to me. I'm going to finish the video now.
You can get rid of that wench entirely by putting a chain on each side of a tailgate and using the hydraulics to pull the tailgate up as you lower the tailgate back in her position. I have a liftgate stacker and that's how it works
Love it!!!!! Need MUCH better headlamps!
UPGRAYYYDDEEE THE LIGHTS!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😁👍😁❤️❤️❤️❤️
that's fun!!!
That bus needs a solid project prime wrap to match the bus. The eagle and checkard flag is kinda tacky. I'm all for eagles but it looks out of place.
I wonder if you could rid of the inside doors that are hidden by the ramp when it's folded up? A couple less moving parts and would make getting the Vette in and out a tad bit easier
Whats the point of those two smaller doors at the back on the top part? They look like a pain to work around. I Would just take them off.
Is that really AdamLZ without makeup and a hat?
Have you pulled the awning out yet? Can’t wait to see that all setup! Loving the content keep it up dude!
Taylor, You should get a set of donuts to ride the corvette on, and build some narrow channels onto the floor that self-center the car and track it in, like an automatic car wash. that way you can load it more quickly and easily
They make a set up like on a fishing reel that will wind the cable side to side on spool, or since its only purpose is to lift it to store, move it more inline and just unhook it when loading/unloading
Get you a wireless wench for the door
Love the bus! driving will take a bit to get used to just take wider turns don’t cut the wheel to early and remember “g.o.a.l” (get out and look)
You got to do some driveway work too
Yessss man
You need bunk beds
Don't forget to run through all the awnings for operations an possible tears. That is something you will be using quite often while at the track, right?
The eagle 👌😎 but those flames 😂😂
Very rock star.
Poor neighbor
I wish i could like the video more then once cause im absolutely loving the new bus i cant wait to see more of it
Please take off those dates graphics and put the garage built logos on this.
Should take it to Bristol with the BMW in the back so you have a car to drive
Black trim and wheels on gloss white is a really pimpin look, just like Cleetus' rig. it would be cool to add some of the vette livery on the white.
I've been a subscriber since you moved into Ben's garage and shared that space...  I'm happy with the growth and progression you've made.  I really like this latest setup with you more front and center and someone else running cameras and also just having more people interacting with you...  wishing you the best man.  This bus is so awesome and very entertaining and will keep me coming back for quite some time I'm sure!
You may want to pour a concrete pad for bus parking, that grass will play hell on the undercarriage....
Does the floor come up above the engine to get to the top
Can you remove the doors or change the hinges so you can lift them off?
You should also gravel the side of the yard where the bushes are, eventually it will keep digging or if it rains you'll get stuck.
Just a suggestion why not remove those secondary doors?
Another way to test the jake brake without driving is turning it on, and then revving up the engine and youll see the hesitation the higher the rpm gets, and as it revs back down.  But if tbose ever go out theyre just solenoids on top of the valve train of the motor.  Another thing too is if you have to stop fast pump the brakes, only time you should hold them and not pump them is below 15mph
Any reason why you can't just remove the inner swinging doors? Considering the tailgate and outer doors close everything up
I am completed down for a new Busporter t-shirt that says... "If it fits, WE DRIFT!"   Let me know if you need it designed/layout. But otherwise just take my money.
You can remove the internal back doors? They seem to just be in the way. Between the ramp and the outer clam shell, you should be good?
Very cool can’t wait to see the next episode
I LOVE THIS THING!!!
Build yourself a 5th wheel dolly so you can tow a trailer w/ a street car & a drag car, as you hit the road for 2 months straight....
Sounds like Florida...Cicadia louder than your drift car
Get rid of the spiked caps, or at the very least get matching.
You need a trailer door bar lock on the back doors. would be able to unlatch the whole door instead of raising the bed to get the top latch.
Are those "smal barndoores" necessary? Can't the ramp be a "door"?
How hard would it be to make the drivers door on the vette removable?  Thought would probably help with being able to see the front tire while loading.  Also you could get a set of transport wheels that are narrower than the usual wheels so you have more room.
I like it and on paper it seems easier and a good idea. But in my gut it feels like trouble. Maybe it's because if something goes wrong ( a lot of moving parts ). Or getting a piled up car in and out. Time will tell wish you luck and I will be watching
do you really need that door at the top. Sounds like its more of a hassle than a benefit. Looks like it all closes up and is a redundant door.
I love this thing! Looks like a hand full though.
Need to pour a slab where you used to park the gooseneck/open trailer and just park it there and run a RV outlet there for long term parking etc.
Id use synthetic winch rope and solid fairlead then you wont have to worry about the steel cable and rollers
I think the bus is a great idea, but the loading procedure on the car is a bit ridiculous. I just keep thinking about how much it's going to suck doing all that if you get caught in a storm. I know you'll get the kinks worked out though.
SO YOU NEED TO PULL TRAILER FOR ALL YOYR EXTRA TIRES??? Sweet rig
get a tree service company to elevate all these low hanging branches, want to sell the Cummins ?
I am loving everything about your bus. Watched both now and man, that looks like so much fun. Older coach busses are just built so tough out of resilient materials.
Excited to see the upgrades and changes that you're going to make, I love that content. Congrats on the new big rig!
Get a moped or a little enduro with a storage box on the back of it for hauling.   That way you have means to make a food/parts run without bumming a ride or calling a uber or worse yet having to take the bus.
taylor I'm starting to think you got into building race cars to fund your tow rig and trailer addiction
Awesome bus. Weird that the tag axle is in front of the drive axle.
Just change the channel name to BiG RiG Taylor already🤣  I'm happy for you man👍
The inner doors look like they could be a pain in the butt. Are they really needed?
Taylor, maybe look at modifying the loading ramp with removable panels where you can raise the car up and change oil or at least look over the drive train.
Should put a layer of fresh gravel down!
pour a new slab on the side of the shop and park it there.
The popout is the best feature! 👌  sooo much more room for activities... Need a gaming system now with forza/gran turismo for nighttime track battles 😂👊🙌 used to have a renegade toter FL110
This thing is kick ass! Stepping it up big time, it’s awesome.
17:45 is the belt separated or 2 belts 😮
Cut that angled tree /branch down.
Bus Grease Monkey can help.
Maybe throw an overhang on the house side for the bus, that way you still have space for a truck and trailer on the other side
Hot take: the flaming eagle and checker flags gotta go.   Black n silver with that small blue accent would look cherry.
this is just a fantastic rig and to keep it that way you better put in a couple of switches and lamps on the dash to warn you when the door pops open... you also need a couple of checklists in an order of operation and a set of good walkie-talkies with boom mics.....
I'm sure you will get to it when you change the other fluids make sure to change the spark plug and the oil and air filters in the generators👍🏻
This build is gonna be sick! You always seem to find some creative projects that will make the bus unique.
I'd like to see the set up with the awning out. The pit set up is going to be a game changer I think.
If the center of the lift gate was hollow you would have a car lift at the track for working on stuff under the car.
Something sick you can do with the (tail/lift)gate, save a little weight and get a secondary use out of it is cutting out and opening up the center to use it like a lift to look over the bottom of the Vette, nut and bolt check. Just a thought.
Taylor, you might also want to think about Internet access on the bus, if you don't have that already.  Perhaps with a local wifi router.
Ad another winch to load on bottom part and get a steering buddy
You'd best have a fire control PROTOCOL established... GAS VEHICLES , STORED IN BUS BAY HAVE  BATTERY DISCONNECT , AND THEN ARMED  SUPPRESSION SYSTEM....WHILST LOADED IT BEHOOVES  TO TRAVEL  WITH ALARM SYSTEM  ACTIVATED.... otherwise your  upgrades on wiring  a land line   more area lites, backup lites ,  charge stations for ancillary battery tools...and  a beeping backup alarm....vehicle  road check on all systems NEXT....  And
@BusGreaseMonkey
Really cool rig. Congrats
One thing I would deffinitely do sooner rather than later is measure the height at the tallest point with the air suspension in the highest mode, and put it on a label on the dashboard that you can see at a glance. The last thing you want to do is find out you have a 14' tall bus right after you drive under a 13'10" bridge.
ask busgreasemonkey forhelp
THATS THE MOST BADASS SET UP OUT THERE
Looks like a pain in the ass...  I can see this changing again after a few issues 🤷‍♂️. Im in for the fummins giveaway i just finish my own 08 f250 with a 5.9 but i got rid of the 5r for a g56 stick
Hey Taylor those interior doors that you are struggling with look like they are there only for aesthetics... why not take them off  and just have the ramp and main doors?
Yes. So dope. Ya scary b/c so big and heavy, systems, etc. lol...  But it's got that bang for the buck value imo!  vs. like a 500k toter setup.   Good shit!
whats cost to buy one use from newzealand
20:25 wouldn't it be possible to clock the winch itself, so its pulling straight?
While you're putting a shore power outlet, put in a shore air fitting as well. It'll speed up moving the bus when you're ready to move it
I would like to suggest loading the car on the deck with a winch. It will put you outside, to hit your marks, and, most importantly, will sav your clutch. Loading a car on the clutch takes miles out of the clutch
Could weld a eyelet on to the  frame where the winch sits, would help keep it in track. Also a synthetic  rope might be better.
Man I love this thing BUT... it almost seems like more work and more things that could go wrong... but hey I'm here for it!  It needs a WRAP!!!
Seems to me you should just be able to pull straight into your driveway swing the front around to the right and then back up once into the street and pull into your parking spot.  It looked like you did way more back and forth than you had to.
This rig was well over 100k. Sick af
Sick bus Taylor, love the classic look.
MD ftw 🙌🏼
Load the rig up like you are going to an event.Fuel, tools, tires, etc. Etc.  Then take it to a Cat weigh station and get weighed.  Check your GVW sticker to make sure you're not overloaded on your axles.
I'm just wondering do you really need the back doors since the ramp covers over the opening.... just seems like overkill for not much benefit in your case.  You'll probably have to run two winches so its not pulling off square aswell.
Need to trim the trees in drive way
Taylor, been better off with an new model self-contained toy hauler Toter or a shorter Toter to pull your gooseneck trailer. Probably gonna find yourself sitting on the side of the road with something as old the bus is, guess there's a good reason the previous owner sold it. By the way, those pointed lug nut covers make the bus look really trashy instead of a luxury bus with the pretty paint scheme the bus has. And the red couches are soo outdated, please change them to black leather to match the driver & passenger seats.
So do you need a bus license with air brake endorsement to be legal driver? And insurance must be high too
The bus is just cool. It is good to get the kinks ironed out for the reason you will be using it. I, personally, have one concern and that is one ingress or egress with the vehicle. It might be wise to delve into an area one never wants to think about and that terrible what-if happens. Do you know all the ways out of the bus if a crash happens at the entry door? Granted you are on the ground but airplanes, by necessity, have to have bases covered. If the main door is not usable and the worst terrible thing happens a fire breaks out, being on the ground is not much consolation if you can't escape.
10:52 party bus? More like the bang bus with Mr. Bald and the girl
can you tow stacker with 2 cars on it too.
Dude the bus is amazing. If you have engine problems and need to rebuild it someday get a Detroit Diesel 60 series 12.7 L you just can't beat them
Velvor electric actuators!
Slicker than turkey shit on a pump handle but quite the process my dude 😅
Don't delete the flaming eagle
I also would do A LOT of Tree Trimming so you don’t trash your roof!!  Very expensive to fix bus roofs
Starlink incoming
please leave the marine emblem
You should put a module command like an alarm one to command the lift inside de car with it
Great video Taylor- Luv the new toy!😊
Those brakes needs some work BAD!
Brake may need adjusted or even the brake chambers replaced due to the wine
HEY GUY'S SO HAPPY FOR YOU NOT TELLING YOU BUT I WOULD REACH OUT TO BUS GREASE MONKEY THE YOUTUBER HE'S A MASTER AT BUSES RVS LIKE THAT 👌🏾🙏🏾👍🏾👏🏾
👍 couple of teething issues but all in all great addition to the fleet
Definitely take it to a truck scale and weigh it fully loaded up for an event
looks like a n-14 cummins ol red head. you can make them engines run like no one’s business. they are stout
You just bought yourself a hole lot of problems. You Tube must pay  well with all the buying you been doing.
I m would be interested in how many years and money was spent on the build of your new hauler
I like the livery as is.
Very cool bus.  I'm pretty sure my Formula Mazda would be an easier fit! LOL  Probably two of them.  You didn't ask but, I keep a TV in the garage hanging, not to use in there (but could) but rather I store it there and have an outdoor hanger on my trailer side under the awning so I can watch TV. Easy to pop off its mount inside garage and snap onto the hanger outside and back again when traveling.  The mount is a Ramco one, make sure you get two wall mounts with the TV mount.  I race at Sebring a lot.
Just a thought on adding branding to the bus, it can add security concerns.  I worked for an athletic department, and when I was there we preferred unmarked trucks.  A marked truck would have needed security at hotels and stadiums.
Cut the roses and crepe myrtle back on right side
At 17:41 one of the belts on the drivers side of the engine looks loose. I think the belt is on the air compressor.
Just make sure you block the tires side to side so it doesn’t creep to one side or the other going over bumps.
I wonder if some hydraulic struts (like hood/hatch struts) on all the doors to hold them open might make life easier, even if its just the inner set of doors.
Get ya a steering buddy , it's a remote steering box that goes on the steering wheel that lots of round track teams use to load and unload cars in stackers and boxed in trailers so you don't have to be in the car or have to walk in between the car and walls of the trailer
Be very aware of low hanging wires and tree branches.  Also , be very aware of tail swing.  You have about 10 feet hanging out past the rear axle that "swats" after you make your turn.👌
Looks great can't wait to see the awning out
Funny how you can have all kinds of cool cars but driving a bus is fun for some reason, they really are fun to drive.
Having class 8 trucks, You will definitely need to make sure that you have a jack heavy enough to lift change a tire and a big enough lug wrench or impact and sockets to change a tire. If the coolant hasn't been flush I would check that because you don't want silica build up it's not good on diesels
You probably know already but you have one brake and both reverse light not working.
drift week with the bus
Who is that bald guy? Taylor’s boyfriend?
JW Speaker heated LED headlights
for the TV there might be a KVM type switch some where to switch between the VCR, DVD, Cable and/or Satellite, set the tv to channel 3 or 4 then select what device you want on the switch panel, if that doesn't work or isn't there then you might need to set it on the sound system. even though the audio's playing through it you might have to select the source to do video passthrough. it's been years since i've dealt with the old school A/V setups and was always a pain to try and remember it between uses. our RV originally had both options, bedroom had the KVM type switch and the main cabin was controlled by the A/V receiver.
Taylor is going to somehow turn this into a drift bus
resell that crt, working or not, someone will want it. hard to come by these days
Can you pull out the ramp extension while it's still a few feet up? Seems like you would save a lot of scraping
I would definitely change out All the Belts!!  Also, Oil, Filter, Trans Fluid and filter, to make it more road worthy..Beautiful BUS!!!  So functional, too!
N14 red top cummins
That is a sick bus!
2 cents from a truck driver with  15 plus years under his belt. when you're backing off a residential and/or public roads turn  your four ways on It will also help at night when you're trying to do technical backing you would be surprised how much your four ways will help illuminate things also it draws more attention  to oncoming motorist  !!
It might sound crazy, but if you could wrap the rv with a similar style to the vette and the door on the back saying garage built… it would ve pretty awesome.
Cummins L10?
That bus is business in the front.  Party in the back!!
You must have some pretty cool neighbors across the street 😂👍  Edit: you should buy either a Vespa or sweet street legal dirt bike to take with you on the road to be able to get places while the rig is posted up
Replace that winch cable with rope
landscape will self clearance, for the winch could either run two for redundancy and balance or run a cable to both corners
Man, unsubscribed and still keep getting your updates.. To me you it looks like you just don't make up your mind what you want in life!... Buying a new truck. simping on the break down. Buying another one and now completely switched to a bus and no more trailer! You could be the sister of my ex wife.  So much drama.. which is normally is accompanied by the other half of our population. Don't know what is worse your videos or the commenters here., who think it's great and surely want to be your bro.
Cameras
I believe it's a Cummins M11 Engine https://www.dieselrebuildkits.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/m11-specs.pdf
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Taylor, I love the bus is bad ass but also to I would check on some type of towing rates for roadside assistance for that just in case we have to need a tow and also two I carry a bunch of spare belts and hoses for the rig just in case It’s awesome❤️👍🏼😊🤙🏽
Could you use the generator to power your quick jacks and take them with you to the track?
You need one of those steering buddies I think they are called hunt the front has one
What you should do is get a small one car trailer ready to put like your tires and stuff in and then get yourself a cheap little run around car when you’re at the track
I don't know what the laws are as a private individual but I do believe that you may need to get a CDL if you don't already have one. Or even if it is not required for what you do with the bus it would be a good idea
From what I can see of this Cummins it's an n14 redtop. There a sticker on drivers side of valve cover that should give you all the info you need.
I freaking love the New Bus. I also think you 100% made the right decision. You could tell in the last upload that you had put serious thought into buying the bus.
I would get a bigger TV and put it on flip down/fold up mount where it folds up to the ceiling and  latches when not in use. In today's world we're used to bigger TV's and their lighter and thinner. I think you can easily get a 50' in there.
Make sure you load that thing down with every everything you may possibly need and the car and take it out on the highway. Mine is lacking on the highway cruising speed.
Drift week
Is the rear of the bus on air ride? If possible, dropping the air out of those would get the lift deck lower to the ground.
Maybe replace the inner doors that were getting in the way with a roller door to clear the side access up a bit. Winch seems to be on the list for a re-think anyway.
when turning take all the space you can up front it will help to get the rear axle align on the road
The Bus rocks but what about the Fumins ?
josue sounded like sponge bob your good, your good, your good
You should get a steering buddy so you can steer the car remotely while loading.
Make sure to watch your tail swing when turning
Idk about pricing but blacking this thing out would look sick.
410 Cummins?
Damn, getting the Vette in and out looks exhausting.
I'd suggest looking at that brake making so much noise, sounds like it's almost done for and adjusters maxed out
Make sure the tires aren't out of date, blowouts are common because they don't get a lot of use. Source: I change them for a living.
Don't forget the CDL's.  Anything with air brakes over 26,000 lbs  requires a class B
Something to remember when you go to wrap it, go with mostly light colors or it will get super hot inside and the AC will have to work double time. Cant remember the channel name but they turned a bus to a camper and painted it blue and they said it was hard to cool and the had to change it.
That bus is mint. Motor sounds so damn healthy
They make little metal hooks with a handle that would be perfect for pulling out the slide. save your back!
Loving the new bus Taylor!!!
I can see Taylor selling this in 3-6 months cause that liftgate. 😂😂
"in there like swim wear "- that had me rolling 19:57
nickname it the "Finna" so it can be the "Finna Buss"
Can you turn the winch body at a slight angle so it winds in more centered?
Taylor u should change to a roll up door in the back they make them very small now a days. Plus u don’t need a heavy duty door anyways
Dude this thing is nuts lol
I love that you've acquired your dream tow rig bud....  But the process just to open the back up and drop the ramp, load a car, really seems like a chore. Can't wait to see you improve on that process!.
That cummins engine will have a tag on the right side (if looking from the rear of bus) it looks to me a M11, I initially confused it with the 8.3 which have similar valve cover designs. Pretty popular engine for a bus of that age.
New rig is nice taylor🤌🤌🤌🤌🤌👍
You’ll probably want to find out the part numbers of all the belts on the engine an get spares to keep on the bus
Great content thanks for sharing
I work on these things. You dont want air leaks. go under with some soapy water hit all the airline fittings. Josam frame and alignment in orlando has a big pit
G'day,  Have you tried the side awning yet. Is it switch operated. Does it work.  Thanks for sharing. I look forward to seeing the transformation of the bus. ✌️ Peace from Melbourne Australia 🇦🇺
You could put some guide rollers in the floor that the tires will roll on like the guide rails on a boat trailer
i say keep the chrome on bottom but everything else match the car livery it will look sick together!!! love the videos congrats on the dream rig!!!
Hay Taylor if you have any issues with the bus Grease Monkey YouTuber deos good work 😎
🤦🏻‍♂️ Bet your neighbours love you Kermit!
You ought to get one of those hook like metal rods, to pull the extended ramp,and ramps out without having to bend over.
Man that's so cool. You do need a backup camera
Try lifting your tag axle when backing in. If you can. Makes it easier to maneuver.
After the bugs are worked out, time to have the main liftgate panel re-engineered with an open center or removeable center panels to give you a bottom access to work on the car in the pits if needed. No more laying on your back under the car.
Does the lift gate have a remove center? That way you have lift on track.
Might be a good thing to add another winch for the rear deck, noticed when pulling it up, that the deck slopes down on the left side
I e been waiting for the test fit 🎉🎉
Your neighbors seeing you bring the new rig home 😮😮😮
14:25 for the money shot!
you know you have the high beam head lights on right?
Make sure to measure your height and verify all measurements. Its very easy to forget about low bridges and high railroad tracks  when cruising so as a reminder just have it written down. Super cool set up tho!
Mad Dawg Taylor Ray & his rig The Panty Dropper.
If you think about it they drive busses like this up and down Trollstigen so you just have to get used to the size of it. And that should be easy for you.
Gotta wrap it but it's sick happy for you
what about angling the winch just a bit so it pulls straight at the corner of the lift gate?
That missing tailight on the vette needs to come back bro 😭😭
Once you find the ESN (engine serial number) drop it here. I can get you all the details you need about it
I think you should instead just pour concrete in that area next to the shop. Would look a lot better and you don’t have to put gravel back in every now and again.
Try not to run the generator when the engine is running, bad juju can happen.   An bring that tag axel up when your making tight turns in a town setting or parking lots.  Set it back down on the highway though.
If you mount the winch for the lift gate at a slight angle it will stop it from running off of the right side.
Damn! This way cooler then my bus. Lol that thing is so cool
You need air bags to place under the car while traveling to keep your shocks from moving to every bump in the road while traveling. It can damage your dampeners in the shocks. Just saying!
Even with the long load/unload process... this is STILL one badass unit! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
You have no reverse lights as far as I seen
Mount some lasers on the roof of the bus back there that point down at the widest point of the vette's hips when its pulled on the lower ramp. If both hips are lit, you gonna fit.
Doesn’t LZ have one ?
What about the awning? can't wait to see the awning!!
If you wrap it there is likely to be a seam down the side of the bus because sheets of vinyl or only so big.
I know it may not be a great option visually or possibly structure/track safety wise , but it could be advantageous to add a removable sunroof to the Vette aye?
Hey brother make sure you get your air brake endorsement on your license.
You should call the bus the Eagles Nest because you got the nest up front of the bus and bald eagles in the back lol. If you add sandy logo maybe call it’s Sandy’s nest
your neighbors must love you 😆
Please wrap like the car🤐🤐
I would pour concrete slab instead of gravel if you are looking to get a RV carport
Taylor use the whole angle the steer tire have parking the coach. It should have good angle on that thing but watch the swing. You will be a pro in no time. Also with air brakes, dont ride them, press and release, press and release. It tears them up especially when coming to a stop on the road at speed
Cut that shit down! at least that fork of the tree closest to drive way
I like the watkins Glenn track outline sticker on the back of your rv race hauler
You need handheld walkie talkie radios so you can talk to your spotter. Old time RV camper trick.
I love this rig. I was a bus diesel mechanic for 9 years. I'm excited to see u work on this thing.
You either have the most laid back neighbors ever ... or the most stressed out neighbors ever. :-)
Lol god bless america. The fact anyone can drive one of these land yachts with a regular license has always fascinated me
Don’t know if you addressed this yet but where do you plan on putting the drift wheel spares?
Maybe a mirror  on the rig or maybe a camera on the front of the car, something so you can see ramps easier, for loading the car, also a backcamera for the big rig, and you'll be golden.
2am in Finland but had to watch the video. Favourite series and creator in youtube.
You should see if the lift gate is run off an aux bank of batteries.  They may not be charged by the generator but by one of the two alternators on the engine.
BUSS GREASE MONKEY o7
The way you backed into your property the first time and stopped with the back end directly in front fo your garage door.....why not do that every time? Backup to the garage door (pull a bit forward to have room for the ramp, and drop the car straight into your garage. Then you can just pull forward and to the left, to point your ass towards the new carport area (where your trailer used to park). Until that is build, you can just pull forward and to the left (after dropping the car in the garage), then reverse and to the right, which should position you to your current parking spot. Seems to be the most streamlied solution to me. But camera always screwes with perspective and depth, so maybe there isnt enough space IRL, but sure looks like there is on video. BTW, bitchin' bus dude!
Gonna need an overhang to park that under.  Sun and weather kills motorhomes.
Ben is back!! 🎉 😊
Call it a Buter. Bu= bus Ter= toTer
I have a suggestion for the winch for the lift gate. Rotate the winch on its mount a few degrees so it pulls the cable straight into it
Looks like a lot more work to load the car then the trailer you had
@Taylor Ray. Are the rear brake lights working? Couldn't see anything coming on when you was backing in??  Love the rig 👌👌
Anybody know what the round thing is on top of rig in front? If he explained it apologize i missed it, man what a machine!!
That bus is so friggin cool.
Hey Taylor, I’m a new subscriber. Bus is awesome! Where / how did you find it? I’m retired looking to travel, something like this would be ideal!
I would look into some kind of fire suppression in that cargo area, that would be a big loss if you ever have a fire in that cargo area!!
Super excited to see this thing at events. I am a little worried about the life. IDK if I was just seeing it weird or maybe it was the angle the camera was it but the the lift looked to be bending a bit near the rear tires while the vet was going up and down. Do you know what weight its rated to?
Get rid of the second set of doors that you have to fight with. Those make no sense
Could the TV be too old to pick up today's over the air digital broadcast signals?  I assume you did try to do a scan for signals.  Does the TV have an antenna of any kind hooked up?  I am still using the same antenna at my place that I used before the change to digital broadcast signals (I did have to get a different TV) and I can get 30 plus channels for free over the air.
Love the EGA’s on the sides! I wonder if the previous owner was a marine? Can’t wait to see the content with this rig it’s going to be awesome!
why not make  loop entrance? you could do minimal landscaping and add it/ while also making a more solid spot for it(and like a covered parking spot
Probably had a insta- heater before
Should totally hit up @BusGreaseMonkey he might be able to tell you what kind of engine you got and he's a wizard with these vintage buses.
TAYLOR can you change the split doors to a solid one door that flips up ⬆️ to an awning. And then switch out that winch on the rear to one on each side and could be a little lower to account for the flip up door. Hope that made sense, congratulations on the rig again🎉
Put a cast iron hawse on the winch if its wire cable   Those roller fairleads are junk
rigs nice for sure, looks like you swung a bit early on the entry to pulling out of the front yard... wait till the last second, then max the steering out and start turning right...also when are you gonna replace the tail light on the vette? poor thing looks beat without it
Yeeahhh, definitely get some cover built on the side of the workshop to park it out of sun and rain. It deserves it! 😀 Stoked to see you customise this thing!
I think it’s an old Big cam cummins. On top of the valve cover or on the ECM it’s self it should have a ESN with a number next to it. Engine serial number. Can call any semi truck dealership that has access to Cummins and they can verify what engine it’s exactly it is and the specs it came as
Nice Bus & Car Hauler
21:30 when you said ah yeah you right that shit had me laughing   I heard it play out like this ah yeah you right player fuck up 😂
Best thing I can tell you to get for the new rig is a set air line quick connects and air lines, coolant hoses and intercooler boots i tow semis and a lot of the reasons I tow them are those three things.
You've probably seen by now but there electric and manual was of operating the steering. Also stacker trailers have holes in the ramp to put the wedges in a more secure way.
Make your life easier and remove a couple of trees
It looks like a cummins ism
They should have put a slide out in the garage area beside the car, would make getting in and out a breeze!
Add a engine bay camera to your camera system so you can see if you have a fire back there remember your 45ft or more away from the engine by the time you see or smell smoke it's proably already too late so having a camera you can glance at is definitely worth it along with a engine bay fire suppression system.
You could always cut down a tree or two to make it easier
i made the comment last vid but whats the purpose of those extra doors? i think u should remove them. u have the lift gate and the exterior doors already.  itll save u extra steps and give u more room to load the car
Get better filters than Baldwin. Good oil, good filters(fuel and oil) she'll be good.
Just a thought: Install/fabricate guide rails for the tires. Similar to what they use in automatic car washes. If you are off a smidge? The rails will help shift them in the right spot, and the rails only need to be on the closest platform to the bus.  Edit: Maybe also time to think about doing your driveway fully with asphalt/concrete. 😁
Thats a cummins N14 probably 425hp stock strong setup though I say bigger turbo and a good tune ol bus should make steem 500hp give or take
When you wrap it. Keep the top white, to keep the heat down.
Need to pave the side garage area.
SOLAR AND LITHIUM  LIKE THE SAILBOATS / LOT EASIER TO USE SHORE POWER
Would love to see a wrap on it the same as the car
do you have to get an air brake endorsement for your license? do you have to go through DOT weigh stations with that ?
What about putting it next to the shop where the trailer used to go. Just pull it in forward, load/unload and back out??
I could be wrong but I think that’s an M11 cummins engine isn’t it?
May seem stupid but i am paranoid. I would have a way to block the intake incase the engine runs away. Just so much investment riding above that engine
You should also “clear bra” the windshields in case a rock or debris ever tried to go through the windshield and I doubt those are cheap. Things happen on the road so I know you are all about prevention, I’m a truck driver for work so I see the debris and rocks fairly often.
Is there room for a small aux. fuel tank for e85? (or whatever the vette drinks) A little fill-rite 12 volt pump and you'd be all set. No more cans!
Whats the plans to house the new rig? Lean-to off the garage or? Would be V worried about leaving it under trees with how many storms you get out that way, Cleet and Kyle both got bit by that one.  Would love to see you pimp it out with air-ride and go all out on making it yours (and not rattle on them bumpy highways and interstates.)
Bus life. Nice Rig
Can't wait to see some led upgrades and interior mods!
So when are you putting an angle kit on this thing?
yankum ropes makes great winch lines that are better than cable and just as strong
Love the truck but a little idea for making it easier to get the car in without having doors to open and struggle locking it and have one lock, make a new rear door witch lifts up like a car boot system so it in the air and serves to purposes easier to get in plus shelter from rain when unloading and loading
What is that dome bubble on top of the bus
Replace the frig with a ice maker
Very nice!  Ive never done it, but I would get anxiety when unloading rolling it back in the lift!
I can't be the only one who is annoyed at the camera persons narration , laughs, and giggles???
So cool man, big riggin!
Very cool concept but I think this just made stuff way more complicated than it needed to be.
With your reference to the water heater it could be tankless but I have absolutely no clue whether they have RV versions of that are not but keep that in mind
Didn't know you liked "big" trucks so much... As a farmer (retired) its awesome we don't need CDL's,,, hehe... Back in the day we ran an 86 Mack R and an EAST dump, remember hauling a load of corn to the elevator, dad said he filled it up,,, 110k gross, ya, farmers get 10% over but that was redonk... (10 over is 88k)... They are a hand full, and you DO NOT get in a hurry with them. That damn car hauler "Purple Rain" Cleeter hired is just the bomb... Can tell you every farmer is after any Pete with a pre DEF CAT...
Bushes an tree limb/trunk needs to go. You'll be coming in tired and late. Easy to make a mistakes.
Is it disrespectful to take the Marines logo off? Cause not being a marine im sure you dont want it but being an American you dont want to be disrespectful to the service
Hello Taylor , I thought I saw a bunch of manuals that the previous owner had in the bus/ car carrier . The location of the hot water heater would probably be in one of them . But you also might have hot water on demand , so those manuals would be very helpful . Great looking vehicle !
Great first run on loading and unloading the Vette. Those ramps look like they could use a little more side reinforcement to eliminate the bowing. Some tree trimming should be on the list as well for sure.  Just to keep those vines off the rig as well. The TV could be a loose signal cable but a Smart TV is a good upgrade as well.
Cant wait for you to get a CDL and a semi and trailer...at this rate.... christmas?
Man I love Bus stuff! you need to team up with Aging wheels and do Bus stuff together!
Need to fix the backup lights and needs a beeper
How about removing the doors? There is the lift, and bus doors / gate keeping it close.  Would give you more room for the car
What a frickin unit!
Mate black with all the chrome accents would be sooo fire 🔥👌🏻
your going be a little more TOP heavy , just be more careful on fast turning.  I think im more excited then you are about this BADASS BUS DUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Maybe throw some skinny boy tires on the front so u ain't pokin at all. What would have been sweet is if they designed the lift gate with the center cut out so u could kind of use it as a lift to work on it.
For sliding that ramp section in/out, I highly suggest doing it while it’s about waist high. It’s much easier to get it moving instead of being in the ground.
All you need is a matching livery on that thing your gonna look like a baller pulling up to an event
Your passenger side rear tires don't have the spike lugs
I think it's awesome, nostalgia is priceless! 🤘
You can probably lift the lift gate straight up when folded to make engine access easier.
Did i recognize correctly the race track stickers at the back? 1. Watkins Glen 2. Pittsburgh International 3. Summit Point Motorsports Park  Can someone confirm that those are the 3? Very cool detail.
Where will you store the fuel ?
Dude that thing is gonna look sinister as fuck matte blacked out i like that idea hell yea
Should be a battery on and off switch in there
Absolutely amazing!!! Super hyped to see you enjoy/use it
so freaking  stoked. Love this bus!
Awsome job love the bus. I think u need to get @tim gentry  over there to look at that Detroit he loves them or u may see him at Bristol.. keep up the awsome content
and a wild Ben!!!
Suggestion: have your local tour bus company do a service on it. Try to see if you can hang while they do and learn procedures. Get rid of silly spike lug nut covers, too.
Are considering adding solar panels so you don’t have to run the generator as much?
slide out walls around the car or pop out walls whatever they're called.. would be cool
Y’all could try and mock up some sorta quick disconnect for the top doors so y’all don’t have to keep holding em while you load up the vette
"Taylor Ray Drifts America"...sounds like the makings of a good series to me.😃
I thought for sure you’d have to put travel wheels on with different offset and narrower tires like the dirt late model guys have to do.
Maybe get yourself a solar panel and inverter so you don't have to rely on shore power.
To help guiding it onto the platform here's an idea: Make some heavy plates with a high visibility plow marker stuck to it. When the car's on and good to go, put them on very close to the body of the Vette.  Use a another bright color to trace around the base of the plate.  If the deck is steel and not aluminum you could use some magnetic clamps so they stay put.  Next time just plop them down and you know exactly where to drive on...
I been waiting for this!
Living the dream! Congrats man!
Love it!!
So much room for activities😂😂😂
The coolest thing on you tube rn
you should wire in a corded remote so you dont have to deal with the buttons.
Still can’t get over how cool this is ,love the vids Taylor 🔥🔥
Is there a way to level out the bus if the ground isn't level where it's parked/time to unload the car?
It's a cool setup but seems like a lot more work overall
Try a diff aux
make sure to grease everything!!
I think you done well you guys will be ok with doing the odd repair it’s a wild unit enjoy
Need led's on the back door or light bars
love it . I ran a Volvo B10M Bus as something very similar in the Uk . You could build another double bed over the hood of the vette in the garage as you most likely won't be working on the car in the garage but under the side awning
get three grams so you can still leave the track easily
Just love how you day WE and US. These guys are more than just your friends they ARE they race team. So glad to see good friendships
6 in a row, ready to tow. 8 in a V, you probably sit down to pee
It's a good thing, Joswe is flaco.😂 I got to admit the harmonic Throne of the braking system is pretty annoying. Cheers!
get some skinnies for the front for transport?
You should have bought another Corvette and a new trailer. Dummy 😅
Now you need to get the bus wrapped to match the Vette
You Have to set the TV to ch3 lol
you can fab an aluminum bar for the inside barn doors. add a little tab on both sides, and push the doors apart/ put the bar in to hold them
HELL YEAH!!!
Within 6 months it will have compounds and will be driftable 😂😅🤣
Good idea to carry extra belts and fuel filters !!
Need to get project prime to hook you up with a sweet livery for this rig
This guy is the content god of youtube 😂😂😂 You’re like the jay z of this car content shit I swear.   That raffle truck is mine by the way. It’s what got me here and I never regret a single content of it. Long live the FUMMMINS
Matte black *chefs kiss*
Would be sick to see the bus pulling up to a cash days with a no prep car in the back
call me crazy but can you cut out the middle of the lift gate so you can use it as a lift?
I couldn’t contextualize how big this thing was until I seen you sitting in the slide out then going outside and seeing how small the slide out is on the side of the bus
yes, more rv content👌
Cleeter gonna be jealous of the bald eagle graphic
Very cool rig
I used to be a rv tech so if you have any issues feel free to shoot me a message might be able to point you in the right direction never got to work on anything this cooll crazy to think it doesn't have shore power I would try taking a really hard look in all the compartments  they can be really hidden
Wow! Was not expecting you to upload this fast as you only uploaded the buying process just a few days ago. Keep up the content with this new bus, and im excited to see what you do with this project.
yay we got to see some crissy criss criss!!!
The rig is sick but man that is way more of a process to load or unload a car than a normal trailer, heck its more of a process than most enclosed ramp trucks with sleepers. Im gonna guess this isnt the endgame hauler simply because its gonna be 70 foot long or more when towning a trailer for a second car, and the fact that its a pain, and the ramp is as long as the bus itself. Lol
Super dope to see how far you’ve come over the years, from the days with Adam and Alberto to building your dream garage and now getting this badass rig. CONGRATS DUDE
Is that a cdl rig?
Thanks for the efforts from the crew and you!
You had better go through the suspension, wheel bearings, steering arms tie rod ends, brakes, air bags, etc all these busses are high maint..get ahold of the Bus Grease Monkey channel he can help you with basics
Don’t forget a fire suppression system in the garage bay. Super excited to watch this beast get built out!!  Been on heavy equipment and big diesel kick lately, so the timing was perfect 👌
It has to be easier to extend the lift gate out before it’s on the ground so you aren’t bending over.
BALLER. So sick
You should have tow hooks on your car.  Also, I'm jealous.
Thing is sick! We could’ve definitely used that going to Splendid China rather than my Ranger back in the day 😂. I just stumbled across your YouTube channel recently, awesome to see how far you’ve come man. From doing launches in front of Brian’s house in your old Porsche to this is incredible.
“Towtorhome” 😂😂
SOOOOO HYPE been following for like a fucking decade!! been so excited for this video bro
He’ll get another rig next week at this rate.
Always uploads when I need to go to bed 😂 another breakfast viewing session tomorrow.
Taylor, I think you should do something on the tailgate to distinguish between the tracks visited from the old owner and your new tracks visited. It would be a cool tribute to him to keep his in one color and do yours in another.
Nice finding out your new dog hunts
Imagine telling you at 15-16 you’ll have that rig one day anytime you’re dreading maintenance. So cool dude 👍
So happy to see Taylor getting his come ups
taylor looking like a youth indoor soccer coach with this fit
Loving the new rig, large and in charge 👍🏼
Awesome content... me being fat an lazy. I would pull out the lift gate extension while the gate is waist high, so i wouldn't need to bend over. If you drive it in next to the shop (where the enclosed trailer used to be), you could probably load in the driveway. And it would also put the side door of rv towards the shop
the rv is dope and such a freaking cool idea!
So sick man !!! SUPER HAPPY FOR YOU ! PLEASE SHOW ALL MAINTENANCE VIDEOS ON THIS BEAST!🤘❤ 0:39
This is an absolute rig! Hope everything goes well with it!
Let’s gooo, never seems to fail with a upload
I was waiting for this!
a matching livery from the vette on the bus would be insane
