pre 1.5 Me: this is nice (max settings) Everyone: this isn't even a game  post 1.5 Me: I literally can't see anything with the new optimization of graphics....(RT glare everywhere) Everyone: this is looking nice!  anyone or is it just me?
What's the point of legendary armor
What about new game plus?
I'm loving this on ps5
This was a massive help  Thank you for the recap on the update!
Please don't use the word at 90s - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CG1PkmegL7o&t=90s that rhymes with dipped. LOOK IT UP.
I haven’t played Cyberpunk for a while, did they fix all the bug issues & problems?
I usually hate it when lots of people publicly sh*t on a game that I actually really enjoy given all the small minor issues. Reason for that is, I often see Devs give up and let the game go to sh*t itself. So big respect for these devs for actively taking the criticism and pushing to make the game even better.
Knew there was no point playing 1.0 of this
Ngl I stopped playing it after I watched tHa ending it pissed me off but I’m downloading it back right now
Is there a reason you have to use the word gypped over and over?
Quick question, was this the update they delayed last year?
Did they nerf the legendary slots.
I have one change I'd really like: make the mantis blade lunge 'cinematic' optional, or as a separate ability from the normal heavy attack. Being able to lunge is huge, but it's not too helpful if I'm getting gunned down as I stand for 4 seconds holding a body in the air. Ooga chaka.
I didn’t even mind the game when it first came out. I wasn’t that dude that watched mad videos of “ what it would be “ I was told by my uncle it’s gonna be good and left it at that. Bought it on Xbox one, was like yeah I like it. But then decided it’s time for Xbox series x,  now I just updated it and WOW. The details on V’s tits make me bust like a billy goat on meth !!!!!!!!
One thing I wish they would do something with is the devices on some of the vehicles like how some of them look like they have weapons attached to them yet you can't even use them.
60 gbs update for cyberpunk 2077 my god is it just pure bug fixes
finally started playing on ps5. its been the coolest trip so far. minimal minimal bugs. looks fucking awesome, plays really well
60gb update ?  they made the game from scratch you mean  or how do you get a 60gb ''update'' ,  if the game is 70gb total ?  probably 10gb for the menu alone , that's complete new game in my book
at last, I can buy this game :)
people be like : finaly the game looks good me: i, as many others actually enjoyed the vanilla game. it was the best game in that year , almost didnt hit any bugs. 9/10
Update messed up my game. The controls have always been horrid and I had changed then to what I felt they should be. Broken AF
They're finally on track with what Cyberpunk 2077 should've been. I really hope they add more leisure activities in the future, like minigames on the arcade machines, more joytoys, more random npc with a couple lines of dialogue, or being able to actually drink and dance at more bars and clubs etc...
Too little too late, it really doesn't feel like there's 60gb worth of content in here, those new houses can't be all that huge and it seems like they still have nobody at the company who owns a car that can give tips on how a GPS is supposed to work. This is all too little too late, I'll be happy if this turns out to be like NMS - in the sense that they keep updating it - but I wouldn't expect too much, the game has already sold as much as it ever will.
Anyone know if the tiral is good
Does anyone know if the issue where the game deletes your saves for creating a new character happen still? For the past 12 months it's been happening so I'm wondering if this update fixed it
Thought I read 600 gb update. Lol
I started playing it again and have been enjoying it a lot. CDPR stuck with their game and have been improving, slowly, sure but its still progress.
I told yall CDPR had too much unearned hype for 1 great game.
Lol who cares
gta is still better
I can't unsee Good Job in the title.
Okay but what about all the people who were promised this quality on their Xbox ones and ps4's and have been waiting for anything other than the half assed updates? Or did they get an update too?
So still no third person?
Is the PS4 still dogshit
The best boring game ever
HDR still broken on xbox.
broken on pc...
Its it better to have this game on pc for mods or next gen for controller features?
Much better. BUT still so many gigs and missions are bugging out not allowing progression or not giving rewards 😩
How nice of them to finish the game....
This game could really use third person option...literally spent time creating a character that i wont get to observe nor will other players get to because its single player kind of silly!
This generation sucks so far, my series x is out of space with 10 games and it's almost 400.00 for 2 more tb. And there always sold out, so no games for me. So stupid
Who cares they can't patch the mediocre story
I’m still undecided if I should buy this game. But as I can’t get hold of a ps5, I’m stuck with my PS4 and cyberpunk isn’t updating completely for PS4 users, I’ve decided that I’m not buying this game as PS4 users aren’t important enough to give us the same game as everyone else. Cyberpunk can suck my left one.
oh come on  when are we going to get new storyline DLCs?...
Armadillo clothing mod is useless now 😢
X ray vision should be banned from all games,
CP2077: lol, I am your disk now
while it may be only 43gb for PC, it requires 70GB of free space to handle the unpacking/etc
Game is still broken on the PS4.
Haven’t play this game yet is it that good on  ps4 someone please let me know?
Just FYI jipped is racist.
At 60 Gigs, that a re-release.  Not an update.
AR doesn't mean assault rifle it means Armorlite rifle.  A scar or ak aren't ARs none of the guns in cyberpunk are AR10 or AR15s or futuristic versions of that.  It's really starting to grate on me how gamers who should know better are mislabeled stuff cuz SJW says so.
hahaha this company has no clue to what thyey are doing ,  lets release a game that half done, no wait! lets release this copy  a even more crapier version!,   id never put this game on my hard drive  XD putting my money into a company thats not so brainless
Looking good, in a few years this game may be actually finished...
Don't care, playing Horizon on my PS old school 4, works, not broken, it's beautiful.
I'm gonna wait a good few years more
Use this comment as a dislike button
garbage game. tried to replay it, still bugged. cyberjunk at base, cyberjunk forever.
They need a 3rd person option I can't stand first person. You have 3rd person on bikes but can't  see yourself out of vehicles. What's the point of cosmetics when the only time you can see yourself is in the mirror or on a vehicle? Would be way better to have a 3rd person action RPG. I really don't care for the that's not how you play it opinions that's a deflection point used to cover up laziness... "Well the actions would be a whole new game script" GTA V is 9 yes old. Stop damage controlling for CDPR and push them to give us the overhyped RPG they promised.
If only you would show unmodded footage
Is it actually playable...need to know as someone who is about to purchase the game.
Is there a way to tunr off the notifications of constantly telling me to the main job again?
ok so im playing it on the xbox one s and its a lot more buggy now after the patch.
The Panic attack of npcs in cars just "falling asleep" is actually the covid 76 shot giving them myocarditis which makes them have a heartattack in high stress situations
um...im downloading a 10.41gb 1.5 update.
i guess its time to download again
The game might actually be worth pirating.. again.
After testing 1.5 i think the road ahead is long...It's better than an alternate johny skin but they should at least use the model they have done for food instead of paperbag...
I actually feel a little hype this is the game everyone was expecting on launch bro I haven’t played it yet but my body is ready
1st thing that annoyed me and got rid of in about 10 minutes of playing, Ray tracing, the rest of the update is actually pretty good
While I was excited at first, it completely corrupted my data on my PS4
Ps4 patch 1.05 going well yeah?
Great attempt, but I've moved on. This is like a bad breakup. Once I leave, then you want to change and fix our relationship?!!? Sorry, what we had is done. I'm with someone else now.
But the game still sucks imo
honestly, I am mainly waiting for the police spawning/chasing and the NPC/crowd mechanics to be fixed to purchase the game (PC). I've seen some terrible NPC AI on all reviews and if I play it in that state I'd just be unimmersed and unhappy so saving myself the cringe.
Reducing support for old gen stuff is extremely nice. They can stop wasting time and money on platforms that can't run this game well in the first place.
I'm still not having any traffic on the roads and they disappear in the distance 🙄
Heads up: "gypped" or "jipped" (which you use at around 3:48) is a racist term based on the stereotype that the Romani or Roma people, often called by the innacurate and derogative term "gypsy," are thieves.
Good to see that season 1 of CDPR redemption arc has begun. Love to see it, please don't cancel it before the story is over. Also, send a letter to EA and Dice, advising them how it is done (takes a year)
This game is so cool u can drink and get drunk in this game n u can random kill anybody
It looks nice but still has some issues
They should probably add the subway system at some point.
looks like they've also changed the locations of previous items. Example is the Legendary monowire that you can get right at the beginning of the game. Its no longer in the storage unit and was replaced by a cowboy hat. Still checking for more though
How many hard disk space this game needs?
Why no dualsense update on pc?
stil no layered clothing feelsbadman
I really hope we get some overtune style revolvers for the other 2 weapon types love that bocky revolver look I need one with tech charging pots on the upper part lol
ps4 it says data corupted, delete application and reinstall, 3rd attempt???????
So I'm guessing it was a 60GB update?? Ehh ehhh 😏
Yes! Now its like a lame GTA not super super lame GTA.
they should just release cyberpunk 2078
Has to stop the vid. Jeeez is this game boring..
If there's no longer an evasion stat.... what's the point in the dodge button?
Like putting makeup on a pig. Call me when they have flying cars I can pilot.
Hey JuiceHead. Love your videos, but you should know that “g*pped” is a slur. Thank you for keeping us up to date on news!
"Cyberpunk 2077 Just Got a 60GB New Update" aaaaaaaaaaaaand still sucks
bro stop calling ps5 "next gen" it's been around for a year and a half. it's not next gen. it's current gen.
60 gigs of fck all. Fckin fan boys excited about ray tracing on consoles no one can buy.
On my XBOX X the crowds freaked out when I rode my Cycle on the side walk. Lol.
This is great of course, but my biggest disappointment was always the story part. Pacing was abismal (you meet Kerry AFTER the final main quest gives you a "meet me as quick as possible" ultimatum), quests lacked the depth and interconnectivity that the Witcher 3 had, characters only exist within the limited scope of their quests, the open world doesn't mesh at all with the "you're dying" narrative... It's cool we can have different apartments I guess
It is unfortunate that this update is coming so late, BUT at least CDPR cared enough about their creation to try and fix it, unlike Dice, who only cares about… well, do they even care about anything aside from money?
Any ideas about todays additional update? The 1.5 update from GOG was 47 GB, but today there is another update and had to download the whole 62.09 GB.
The improved driving physics are nice and unexpected, feels like the cars rotate through turns now
So the game should of been released in February 2022
I think we need to realize that new games that come out and are pushing the boundaries are going to come out half baked and will significantly improve in the future.
Playing on my PS5 the new update is fantastic and very noticeable and the features when shooting on the dualsense controller feels really cool.
I purposefully waited to purchase the game on xbox series x until it was optimized for the units the game was built for. I've started playing,...... f@ckin WOW!!! is all I can say. I was playing Cloudpunk and the Ascent to compromise....... Uninstall.😁
One thing I've noticed playing the PS5 version is that, when using a melee weapon, if you run out of stamina, it's actually HARDER to depress the attack button, which I thought was a nice touch. Added a level of difficulty to fighting that I wasn't expecting, but that I'm totally here for.
A lot of duplicate files - the size of a whole new game, but not the content of a whole new game
Can't wait for this game to come out of beta phase
"Interior wise, these new apartments are very different."  Lol no they're not. They're literally the same apartment, just with stuff moved around.
waiting for police, medics, etc and so on.
Drinking game: Take a shot every time he says "actually." Pro-tip: you'll need a big bottle.
ill buy this game in 2025 for sure
Make CD Projekt Red & Cyberpunk 2077 Great Again.  God bless.
I already played through the game on PC a while ago and it was overall disappointing (compared to Witcher 3 which is one of the GOATs) but it's really nice to see CDPR continue to work on CP2077.  Sounds like they fixed a lot of the problems I personally had with the game.  Kinda bummed I uninstalled it a few weeks ago, unaware this big update was even coming.  Faith in CDPR (basically) restored!
Yeah, last gen consoles don't remotely have the processing power to handle mass ai logic.
Jesus you can't imagine HOW MUCH I HATE when people calling DLC something that was CUT out from release version of the game. Blood and wine was a DLC, not this sh`t!
in other words - lets hope they make game by 2077
60gb???   misinformation.
Well, maybe I didn't waste 30 euros this Christmas after all
Jesus, this update is almost as bad as Ark.
Ok and now drop support for PS4/Xbox One for all future games. It ruins development of those games
Cool video, but upload in 60 FPS.
the update fucked up PS4 play.. i can not start it no more.. :( fault message, have to reinstall the game, but still have the fault, un playable now :( Edit, sony made an update, now it's all good 😊
They still need to fix the IA
Oh. In the perk screen on the bottom left, now we have a reset perks option for a price. Nice
this feels so goood
So now we can use the schlong?
Reading out the patch notes in an annoying voice with zero interesting commentary
it's a step in the right direction. what i'd like to see is an update or DLC where you can get the alternate story of the game that was scrapped last minute during development.
Still buggy as all F.
I keep coming back, but they keep nerfing the quick hacking in a game that is ALL ABOUT technology.... It was bad enough when they took away hacking through walls 🙄
They changed my favorite prostitutes
Reading all the positive comments on the patch like T_T...I have the disc version on the base PS4 and it won't launch smh. I'd just get the PS5 if they were in stock anywhere. Strange times.
it will be fixed tomorrow morning with sony system update for ps4 users
No third person...
So are the kids actually kids or still miniature adults?
Thank you to all the modders that got hired by CDPR. You literally made is a much better game because you knew how it played and made GAMEPLAY changes not just bugfixes.
Playing on a base ps4 and it definitely is smoother overall but it still has some problems, it made my console freeze completely to the point where I had to unplug it while still on
Does anybody know if CDPR has any plans on fixing the in game stores and vendors? The doors are still locked.
I like how neutral the headline is. Great job, man. I hope people do the same thing. Then just share their opinions within the video.
time for a fresh run through
To be honest I expected hate in this video. But I appreciate the informational style. I am having mixed feelings towards the patch (PC). I never experienced performance issues so these are not a problem. After the patch rolled in I fell off the world for the first time in nearly 900 hours and had some softlocks. I like the change in lighting, audio and interface it brought, the option to change appearance in game (especially nails) is an amazing addition. Steering vehicles feels weird to me, but probably just to me and other people who played a lot, since we learned the tricks of old versions, and since I'm driving in 1st person (but hey, improved angle!).    But all this aside, I need CDPR to make a proper DLC to this game to make it one of the greats in my eyes. Like something the size of hearts of stone or just a series of epilogues.
No Man's Cyberpunk
On xbox one x the update is 56.26Gb for me tonight
How many gigs are they gonna pour into this shitshow until it's even remotely close to what was promised? YIKES.
im finally willing to buy the game lol, just started the download glad to see its on sale to go with this patch release
Cyberpunk, the game that needs double the storage than games from the last 2 gens for half the fun
So with the base game and all these patches, what's the size of this game on a hard drive as of now?
if this is u playing u are hot garbage.. ditch the controller for mouse and keyboard
The city still look very dead, not enough people, plenty empty streets.
The patch is bigger than a lot of whole games..just how badly broken was this game? Lol
This dude is confused on what "running native" means.
I saw the car jumping and I'm pretty sure that ain't a feature 😂 10:03
why does the download size keep getting bigger in these videos... it was like 46 GB
Is it worth buying the game now? I have Xbox series X Halo edition and because of the problem that where given I stayed away from the game
I'm surprised it is such a small file. Only like 42gb.
Steam says I need 70Gb of space. Is that with or without the 50Gb patch? I'm I realistically looking at 120Gb?
I swear to god, I couldn't stop smiling when you said they added character edit  That really really annoyed me before
so tempting to jump back in. but my bar to cross is when they finally fix the police car chases, or lack thereof
still only a few residents of the nightcity have cars
A 60bg update that changes nothing. No new game plus so it's pointless.
Great update, thanks! But you might want to avoid the word "Gyp" as it is a racist term.
so...its time to download the game again
Only had a few crashes this time...
On ps5 I didn’t have to transfer my save that’s just wrong. Nothing was manual it was all very seamless
So as someone who initially bawked hard at this game when it first came out and heard a number of negative things about it over the time its been out.  Is now a good time to try it?  I really enjoyed games like Fallout and Skyrim and enjoy cyberpunk as an aesthetic.  I'd be playing this on PC.  Would love to hear what people have to say about the current status of the game.
Tbh added apartments is not a dlc..
All I want to know is, have they fixed key mapping? Until I can use control to toggle crouch, I cannot play this game.
imagine playing this on console
Great video, thanks for all the good info!   But just a heads up, not angry or anything just giving some friendly heads up: the term "gypped" has a negative association with the Romani (formerly widely known as Gypsies). I know it's "PC" but a lot of people just don't know. Whether you choose to stop saying it or not is up to you. I just wanted to let you know. :)
Why i can't redeem my gifts in the apartment?
And my game refuses to start after the update. I havnt had any bugs up until this point and now i cant even start it
1.5 is an objective downgrade in performance.
yo cyberpunk is in beta now
so basically they added mechanics that existed like gta sa already cool getting there
It’s getting me excited and I’ve actually downloaded it again and going to start a whole new game. It’s a positive change
I really hope this is a 'No man Sky' situation and now that the Hype is over they can hunker down and make the game they wanted to make.
Pretty sure the 60GB is the whole game
my game is running really weird like its gsync or vsynce isnt working not sure what it is :(
I knew it: This game could not work on current gen (ps4/xbox one). They knew it wouldn't work but they released lack-luster product anyway
still get run over by cars spawning right next to me, good ol' cyberpunk
my update was NOT 60gb, it was 48.7gb. Are you sure yours was 60? lol
to late, i wil never buy cyberpunk
I just got a new gaming pc few weeks ago. Ryzen 5600x, 3060ti, 32gb ram.  Im really excited to try CB on it. :)  I havent played it yet, and i avoided trailers and just watched some casual gameplay.
PC didn't get the "next gen" update because it's always been "next gen".
All I want is new game plus how hard is that too add in
I'm gonna be brutally honest here. The games updates are too late for me at this point. I don't really see the point of downloading 40 gigabytes for patches and content that should've been in the game at the start. This is just way too late and with better games currently getting updated or new DLC. Warframe, Destiny 2, etc. I don't see a point of playing the game anymore.
And still no new game+
You briefly mentioned "4 new DLCs," but didn't say anything else about them. Are there actually new story/missions/etc? Is that what you mean by DLCs?
Still crossing my fingers for an additional ending to be added that isn't as depressing as a sack of drowned puppies.
This much space for an "update". Is this REALLY WORTH IT?
I’ve beat the game on ps4 is this one here worth trying out is the game the exact same just without the bugs?
I wish I could play it though.. having the 'corrupt data' bug on my PS4 Pro.
So another huge update clogging up my xbox but this one actually adds stuff, as opposed to just wasting more of my time and space. Yay.
the "ok, our bad" update
Yeah it’s great but god forbid you have an older or even newer amd gpu. The drivers after three months still cause the game to be crazy dark and it silhouettes your character during character customization and every time you enter the inventory screen
biggest problem I've seen as a newcomer to Cyberpunk is that there's this intention of a big sprawling open world, with not much variety of stuff to do in it. My friends who have beaten it already have told me there's literally nothing to do outside of hit a checkpoint, get a task, go and do gunplay or stealth with the task. What's the point of an open world? This should have been more like Deus Ex with incredibly detailed environments in a contained open hub, instead of all this work plowed into a massive open world that's highly detailed implying I can gamble, dance, drink, do shooting games, rob people, etc.... but actually can't.
1 year gap
I was so excited when this game came out. I played it for a few hours at launch. I cant even be bothered to reinstall it at this point.
So you still cant use the gun range at wilsons........wow garbage
legit sounds like cyberpunk 2078
Yea I downloaded it. And it corrected my whole game. Had to delete it and it’s reinstalled now
Okay but did they ever fix the cops? Do they still teleport in behind you?
I. Dont. Care. More witcher content/polish please... not more hype and waiting...
They need to just admit to themselves that last gen was a waste of time and should have pooled the entirety of their resources and man power into making a stable, polished, and functional next gen game, ideally from the beginning of it's development but better late than never I suppose.
Cyberpunk should have been next-gen only, simple as.
Gammers have stockholm syndrome from the AAA games abusing us for so long. Imagine being happy about a patch that doesn't even fix the game fully.
Everybody praising CDPR is ridiculous. Stop simping it's pathetic "wow what a good patch"!?!?! Nah bruh. This should be looked down upon with condemnation. It's like buying a car with one wheel, and a year later you get another tire and being ecstatically happy that your brand new car you paid full price for has only two wheels. The people that praise this and continue to support bs developer practices are the same people that donate half their checks every month to twitch thots and onlyfans.
Note to JuiceHead: You said "gypped". This is actually quite racist against Roma, aka Gypsies. Might want to rethink using this word in the future. It's like the N word for them.
I have real doubts on whether game developers are good at developing game mechanics these days.
What do you have to do to download the ps5 version
Don't download the 1.5 ptach on ps4 it currupted
Are they really doing NMS approach? Wow after all insults and refunds
60.GB patch were needed because of the long list of fixes and upgrades.  Not uncommon these days.
Is anyone else getting an enormous number of texture issues on Xbox?
For those on an OG xbone, is the game at least stable/less buggy to play now?
lets just hope this will be another case of no mans sky and it gets better and better over time
Game doesn’t work for me and a lot of others since the update! PC more than meets specs all drivers updated etc.
still too bad all of this should have been in the game since launch. All I'll say is that you can definitely tell this game was made in the early 2010s and just got reworked to current gen
Awesome news. This is looking good. A couple more big updates like this and I may pick the game back up. The AI in this game and all the glitches were what kept me away from it. Does anybody know if these are noticeably better now?
Finally!
So after beating the game months ago we get a huge update to a game that isn't multiplayer and has no real benefit unless your playing thru it again or for the first time?  nice.
Nice I'll just get the plat again
I sure hope the open world npc AI isn't completely braindead. That is what rly turned me off this this game, the open world was just plain boring and dumb
"you can add red lipstick now" Okaaaay.. "As well as a bunch of other changes" Like.. why not just fucken add those changes? Is your usual audience incapable of sitting through a 12 minute video or something? Either way thanks for the update, been curious if I'm gonna give this dumpster fire another go or call it quits with CDPR for good and this was pretty helpful.
Included for Xbox One X?
It needs multiplayer or something like coop , play sp gets boring fast
Say what you want about the Cyberpunk 2077 release, but CDPR takes care of their customers.  Any other studio would have released paid DLC by now even before addressing necessary fixes to the base game.
So  @JuiceHead is into putting red lipstick on his character .... Bro get a life for fucks sake.
now just overhaul traffic, police and rendering in general. and i think nothing can solve the fact that to get the highest stats i need to look like a clown
What about other bugs like npc interactions!? they act so empty!
Games still trash. Doesn't seem diffrent really to me, idk it's just really hard to delve back into a game months after quitting, game should been finished day 1
Its crazy how an update the size of 60gb. Its like an extension download or something
Indeed it's free. I downloaded game from torrent yesterday.
But did it kill modding  Already redscript (last I checked) killed virtual atelier and all the mods that required it as new mods started using the different version and older mods stayed unupdated. What about the LMG, is it even fixed in the basegame now that the total rebalance mod is likely redundant/completely borked by the new skilltree.  it seemed like cyberpunk modding was in a death spiral of interest and while these changes are necessary... are they inspiring enough for people to pick up fixing everything a second time.
alright. maybe i'll give it another shot.. in a year
I just wish we had a 3rd person perspective as well ಥ‿ಥ
50
This update corrupted all my game files and I had to delete everything and reinstall from v1.00 🤷‍♂️
when people finally play it with a good heart and open mind they will see what they missed from the start.. a once in a lifetime, most profound, highly relevant and and impactful artwork
4:45 did he just said new Gen update not coming to pc version 😒
You got an update, I got a data corrupted error. 😂
THEY LISTENED  THEY ACTUALLY LISTENED 😭❤😭  Playing skyrim again so I won't be downloading this for a while, three playthroughs burnt me out. But really looking forward to night city again.
uninstalled it a while ago, but now that i have a sub on Xbox pc(including EA games) it clashes with ea games program... anyone got the same prob?
They better add some mission or side quest
So as far as I can see I still can't hide my head accessoires right?
I bet doing a restart of this game in 2025 would be amazing after all the years of updates and fixes
All good except now the ncpd crime missions the icons only appear when your close and disappear when you exit the area... bad! Lol but all else is good
But it doesn't work on ps4 LOL
Anyone else with the data corrupted Bs after the update.
Pretty biased here but personally won’t ever pick this up ever again. Was close to finishing the main quest. Mission glitched out (apparently Johnny supposed to appear and trigger next part of mission but he never ever ever did) so couldn’t finish the main story. After doing pretty much everything I could that wasn’t bugged out I had a good 70 hours going into the end of the game but couldn’t progress. Ruined my whole experience, can’t see myself ever playing through that unless the game is not only fixed, but revamped. Other than visuals and decent exploitation no reason to touch this game honestly
Its sad seeing that after all this time they just now add the absolute basics that should've been at lunch :/
RIP for all my mod I guess
So it looks like I'm going to be upgrading my console.
so new story stuff?
Just wait till this drops on the gamepass. The initial play through was good, but I can't see myself coming back to this for a while.
Can confirm on the driving bit. Driving feel really good now.  Stole a van from the Scavengers, well... not exactly "stole", more like got it for free since the former owner didn't need it anymore on account of acute lead poisoning he needed to sort out. Anyway, the van actually handled like a van with some real weight to it. Can't wait to check out the other vehicles.
3rd person. that is all i am waiting for.
Please make a video about PS4 users not being able to play the game at all after this update, CDPR needs a wake up call
Well took them long enough but it's well worth the wait indeed
I am willing to give this another chance
I really thought by now they'd work on more important issues, such as the promise they made about how impactful the Class choice would be.. Right now, it still doesn't matter if you play one class or another at all!! That's such a shame
Cyber trash doesn’t work on PS4 now thanks update
Maybe takamura will finally call me back about this job we were gonna do 5 months ago
Anyone with a 1080ti know how it runs?
okay now i'm starting to feel the hype i felt months, years before the game's release. devs are definitely going the right way with this patch
CDPR bricked the game the for PS4 and PS4 Pro disc players. CDPR working on it. CDPR burns money through bugfixing with no end. This will impact future game releases and maybe endanger CDPR status as an indipendant AAA developer. I'm really worried that CDPR won't release any ambitous titles like CP77 anymore. 😭
pity I don't care anymore, and yet I kind of do that is why I watched this video
Pretty solid upgrade. I definitely noticed a hit in framerates though on my 3070ti. Hopefully Nvidia experience will update the settings to something a bit more livable with. The benchmark hovers around 40-50fps with the old settings. Bottoms out as low 29 fps.
Patch downgraded some legendary items I had in my stash into epic. Weird.
so did pc not get the update?? everything i see about it only refers to xbox and ps versions.
When the backlash came and it seemed like everybody was hating on the game, CDPR could have put their tail between their legs and "given up" on this project but instead it seems they went full steam ahead into answering customer demands, this shows loyalty to their fans and massive respect to them for that. bravo
No matter how many patches come the game will never be good because the game isnt good
What about the train?
Please help Dice and E.A now @Battlefield 2042.
Check out my post 1.5 updated playthrough of Cyberpunk 2077.
Check out my post 1.5 updated playthrough of Cyberpunk 2077.  https://youtu.be/vmMFjL0kmfQ
Interesting fact, I just downloaded the new patch 1.5 and it makes cyberpunk unplayable on ps4 and Xbox one
You mean to tell me CDPR spent all this time upgrading the experience for console peasantry?
Stop saying basically nearly every second, stop padding out your time talking in circles I honestly am further away from your content simply because I can get the information from someone else faster
just downloaded this version.  pc
You can't download it for Stadia... because updates are automatically done in the cloud. While everyone else is downloading the update I'm playing it ;-)
Anyone else getting the data corruption error even after doing every possible step to fix it? Cause yup I give up, this game is a lost cause for ps4, I give up!   Hey CD project Red, FK YOU!!!!!!
I’ve been waiting for this next gen update to finally do another playthrough. Can’t wait to start
Thanks to CDPR to not get over by the hate that the ppl give to the game in the relase day
Lot of bot accounts in the comments.
Um no Cyberpunk 2077 had it's chance December 10. 2020 and it released in such a poor and terrible state that I won't play this game again I'm not wasting my time on a game that released like that and no real gamer that loves quality games would either
Hate to break it to you but the PS4 disc version does not work it corrupts and reinstalling it does not work
i really hope cdpr make default V's face looks like V from the cinematic version
This game could use survival elements that make use of the huge amount of food and drink items. So they are just used for a slight health/stamina boost.
One thing that pissed me off a bit was the fact that they straight up changed the spawn locations of some legendary crafting specs... I get it, but when my entire (prefered) build depends on having these specs, it's kind of annoying not knowing where they are anymore. Fingers crossed we find em boys 🤞
Yo juice the Glen apartments added one of those werid FF Statues thought you might wanna know or someone looking into the arg might need it
best part of the update is that you now sleep on a bed like a normal person
Hey I get the impression you don't realize "gypped" is actually a slur coming from "Gypsy" and implies all Gypsies or traveling folk steal things.  As someone with Romanian friends here in NYC, it's not cool to say that.  Just thought you should know
So it seems I should finally purchase this!
After seeing this update, I'm gonna give it a shot. Gonna play the trial version to see how it feels and if its good and I'm having fun with it, I'll consider buying it. Good review man. Thanks for the insight. Keep up the great work.
What are the new dlcs
Now, they need to implement stuff like the stuff from the vehicle combat mod, and the metro mod.
Awesome. I might need to restart the game all together after this patch :)
And no 3rd person view? What's the point  of outfits and charactor customizations
I would enjoy the living and viewing part of 2077, if there is any, rather than endless battle (simple mouse clicking) with the same enemys......
I remeber playing it when it first launched....and reaching the point of no return in less than 24 hours.....
Good info overall but it was console heavy 🆘 😂    PC 😍 100
Legendary 👑💥
I started a new game with this and it really feels like a new game.  Dialogue has been changed and smoothed for better story telling.  It's a big improvement.
I'm looking forward to seeing what other changes you notice. It will be great if you pause your commentary to show off certain aspects for a moment. Keep up the good work, bro! Really looking forward to jumping in for another playthrough, somewhere down the track.
Im glad I haven't played the game yet till now.
this update is amazing so far
PS4 users..DO NOT DOWNLOAD PATCH 1.51.  GAME BECOMES CORRUPTED AND WILL NOT START
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_OlX7M5MLA          Lies in the Textbooks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN31FCcUlLk           The Dangers of Evolution
Will the backstory you choose at the start now actually make a difference throughout the rest of the game?
Good job CDPR, looks like ill finally get to play this next year when its perfected
Weather update ?
My question is what if you already clear the game loong time ago had the game more than year now and i dont feel start the story 100% clear , game is so story fixed and i dont feel going back like what to do , can someone correct me ?
Does anyone know any money glitches for this patch???
It doesn’t work on ps4. Patch Corrupts the game
Top 25 Anime Opening Fall 2021 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBFd8EEOJJU&ab_channel=KuroWolf
You should stop saying giped...
Only 500 more gigs until you have yourself a fully functional game
COVID 19 VACCINES ARE NOT VACCINES!. I AM BEING SHADOW BANNED BY COMMUNIST YOUTUBE TO SILENCE THE TRUTH TO KEEP THE MASS AT BAY UNTO SUBMISSION OF THERE AGENDA OF ECONOMIC RESET THAT IS COMING FROM ALL KNOWN, AND ALL PLANNED COVID 19. THIS WAR IS SPIRITUAL, AND NOT NATURAL. ANSWER.. JESUS CHRIST
This is interesting and all until I remembered that no matter what you do you die in the end and can't play after the main quest finishes so what's the point.
It's 2022. Can we stop calling PS5 and XBOX series S and X "next gen" They're current gen
Did they add dedicated dodge button on PC?
Im going to wait 2 to 3 more updates. I believe by the end of the year this game will be ready.
The dlss sharpener makes the game look super clean with RTX 👍🏽 love this patch overall. Very excited about this year and cyberpunk
I mean in all honesty the update is one level below average I rate it a six. They didn’t have to make us wait this long to provide us with these minor enhancements. I was at least anticipating additional side jobs & gigs. Also in regards to gameplay they kind of distorted it instead of refining it  for instance in the midst of my gameplay experience I noticed how they attempted to improve the slide mechanic however they unfortunately made it worse because in the  midst of your slide it’s almost like you go through the surface. Overall they put more concentration in refining the performance of the CPU’s than the actual protagonist
WHY DOESN'T THE SERIES S HAVE FREAKING RAY TRACING!!!  LIKE SERIOUSLY some of us STILL cant get a series x!!!!
Looking good, going to reinstall and give it a try!
PS4 and XBOX One Players is crying :DDD
Guns and attachments not showing up on Wilson's. Anybody having the same problem?
Yas, this update is a big step in the right direction. This game has a bunch of details that make it feel more immersive than any other game I've played, until I notice the flaws. Kicking me right out of that good feeling. It was a vicious back-and-forth. Hope they've got plenty more in store.
Nice now I can blow off the dust off my first launch game disc 😂
One little tidbit I always wished for was V being able to play the guitar themself, without being hijacked by Johnny, and the kind folks up and friggin’ did it.
Cool, only 4 more years of development until it is ready to play.
Fixers not dumping all their jobs on you at once makes waaay more sense
Love to see this as a 4k vid
my music is blowing up right now, speaking it into existence 🗣🗣🗣
Bro, “gypped” at 1:30 and “gimped” at 2:40 – chill out with the derogatory terms thrown around so causally, yikes.
Good step but ill wait till its completely at full force
They removed a ton of the random loot that was laying everywhere,  Moved containers, added a few.  Mainly to keep things from being stuck in the frame and textures.
I have been loving the update so far but Riders on the Storm I can't complete it after you sit down on the couch next to Panam and talk to her you literally can't progress to falling asleep. I reloaded 3 times
Great step in the right direction for this game, buuuut still beed more interaction with the world. Love this patch though.
Why do you hate gypsies? They don't "gyp" people.
One important question. Is V's shadow fixed when looking down on the ground? It always looked so strange and wonky when looking at the ground and seing a pair of broken arms holding a gun.
So... Still mostly focus on consoles? Well, whatever, making it better for consolers is a good thing ofc. Been a while, over a year since I played, I still feel I should wait for something
So... this is kinda becoming  No Man's Sky 2 except instead of not fulfilling promises AND being really buggy it's just really really buggy and is now slowly being fixed
if you where holding off for them to fix the game this is the patch that should bring you back it's a MASSIVE improvement this is the product that should have been released.
This games came along way , came back after not playing for a while and its great....still wish there was a harder difficulty but thats probably just a personal issue.ive got every achievment and almost 100 days played so even very hard got easy 🤣 Ive said it from the start , u cant put a deadline or timelimit  on perfection ....so when these idiot suit dummy beaurocrats come up with deadlines for game developers its their fault not the developers if things arnt 100% .....originally cyberpunks release date was "when its ready" but they were pushed to release  on deadlines created by  people who have no idea what their talking about or how things work .
7:26 I actually gasped bc V is finally sleeping like a normal human
Cyberbug 2077.
Am I the only one who still wants 3rd person? Lol love this game
I wish they also improved the police system
I’m honestl upset there’s no 3rd person still or other stuff to do like GTA. Thank gooodness for mods.
Jus throwing this out here, u can’t play the game on ps4 due to corrupted data? Hope this gets fixed soon
We need a 3rd person mode gameplay 🤷‍♂️
I'm so excited to start a new play through
thanks, very informative, awesome
Memes aside, I hope the devs don’t give up on this game. Looks like they want to put the work in.
I'm still waiting for the patch that makes the combat not a complete joke.
i Think it's really big step towards better gameplay etc but, i still wish that they'll add Mechanic, i would finally find something for myself (tunning cars etc), oh and i forgot about something, they should add night races that would be amazing :o+
Lucky that I can't afford the game at the moment, that gives CD Projekt more time to fix it before I get my hands on it... And of course the modders to make it more awesome, playable and immersive as well!
My PS5 automatically downloaded it when I turned it on. I didn't have to do anything.
This update screwed up the ps4 app lol
PC master race for the win again
Since the beginning of 2021, 23 resolutions have been passed by local governments in Virginia to condemn China’s forced organ harvesting from prisoners of conscience, mostly Falun Gong practitioners. Essex County, Staunton City and Fluvanna County are the latest government bodies to pass such resolutions.  The resolution passed unanimously by the Fluvanna County Board of Supervisors on November 3, 2021, reminded its citizens that they may become accomplices in killing innocent lives if they go to China for organ transplants.  The resolution says, “extensive and credible reports have revealed mass killing of prisoners of conscience in the People's Republic of China, primarily practitioners of the Chinese spiritual practice of Falun Gong, but also other religious and ethnic minority groups, in order to obtain organs for transplants.”  It goes on to say that “[The Virginia Fluvanna Country Board of Supervisors] condemn, in the strongest possible terms, the persecution of Falun Gong and the state-sponsored organ harvesting of all prisoners of conscience currently being carried out by the Chinese Communist regime.”  The resolution urges the U.S. Government to thoroughly investigate organ transplant practices in China and take all reasonable steps to end forced organ harvesting.  Falun Gong, also known as Falun Dafa, is a mind-body discipline that has been persecuted by the Chinese communist regime for the past 22 years.
They have a lot of potential for this game more than GTA, I will play again once they give the next dlc
Maybe in a few more updates, the game will be ready for its release
Excellent breakdown as always. I look forward to the deep dive. Keep up the great work!
Take a drink every time he says "actual" or "actually".
Did they do an graphics card fps optmison in this update?
Have they fixed the police? I'm waiting for the fix so i can buy the game
Still haven’t got this game. This looks like they’re mostly cosmetic upgrades instead of the fundamental parts of the game that were promised but never came.
what an actual joke smh , this is one of the free dlcs they said . what a terrible business
Looks like it's out of alpha, will wait until is out of beta to play again
Once you pour the save over from PS4 to PS five all of your trophies will ding again
Hello games and CDPR are awesome for continuing to update great games. Bigger budget companies could learn from listening to their fan and player base
sounds like a lot, until you remember MSFS2020 exists
Still supporting last gen consoles is the wrong move. Shouldn't even touch those, maintaining basically 5 different versions is ridiculous
BTW if you play on ps4 don't install this or it will corrupt your data and the game won't start
Finally I can start playing game after 1 year
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates~🎈
i wish a weapon that had X-Ray vision, like in the Eraser.
So, they needed at least another year to "finish" the game.
I’m hoping they’ll expand on the character creator/editor more in future updates. Cycling through a handful of feature presets is really not ok for this game, i’m hoping they’ll add sliders and hopefully things like bodytypes in future updates. That and everything else they promised in the trailers. It’s still got a long way to go before i can forgive the... product... we were given at launch.
If they keep expanding the game and adding more stuff along with improving they AI then I will happily redownload the game and play it all the way through. I played on release and just gave up due to the bugs, awful AI and the city just had 0 atmosphere, NPC's walked around in circles, cars visibily vanished off your screen whenever you looked away for a second. I hope they make the game good.
Update rocks. Already liked the game a lot but this irons out many frustrations. Hope there's more to come!
6 months of work, still NO NG+ and still brain-dead police. No thank you.
So do all the clothing mods work now? You'll remember that many of them did nothing or at least didn't work as advertised. Thanks for any info on this
Cyberpunk really needed another year in the oven  King of Fighters 15 Nameless theme Guitar https://youtu.be/m97jSqxIg0w Gundam Hathaway Main Theme Guitar MV (Senkou) https://youtu.be/c_18SeD_sYI Cowboy Bebop Ending Theme guitar https://youtu.be/f6M-oWsRE9Q
You didn't mention the big PS4 update where it corrupts your save.
It's 30fps on PS5 loooool, how is 30fps still a thing.
imagine releasing a game unfinished and then """""""""""""finising""""""""" it with updates
FYI, using the word “gyp” in the way you did a couple times in this video is considered a slur to the Roma people. Most Americans have no idea, I certainly didn’t know until recently. Not like you need to pull down the video or anything, but just something to know going forward. Probably best to phase that word out of your vocabulary.
Do you recommend getting the game now on ps5, or should I wait a little longer? I also wanted this game but the game just look awful and unplayable.
Do not fall for these thieves. after this update all of my clothes lost mod slots, many were changed from legendary rarity to rare (this includes found not crafted items) weapons I had crafted to legendary are no longer useable because I no longer meet the level requirement for things I poured time effort and money into. these guys take your money and then just run. CDP will never get another cent from me.
Im on base ps4 and havent had the chance to try it because physical versions are fucked (and no, this isnt a performance complaint)
What’s the point without NG +
Been waiting for your review
What's with all the upspeak man?  Why make statements?  That sound like questions?  ?  ???
Does this new patch include a working game?
50 GB
Technical limitations my asshole I want what I paid for.
Let us alter the traffic settings for PS4, we should be able to decide what the limit of our own console should be. The previous traffic setting were good for immersion.
I'm not a hater. I was massively disappointed with CP2077 on release. This update is promising, and has me excited for the future. Seems like the worst is behind them.
This is huuuuge, this is the exact kind of quality of life improvements that ive been waiting for to run another playthrough. I enjoyed my time with it at launch, but this seems like a complete overhaul of all the little things that needed fixing.    Apartment customization, buying properties, and even benefits to returning there.  overhaul of the perks and clothing modifications. AI Drivers and Pedestrians actually REACT now.  The Gigs are now actually set up with a reputation system and calls that can be IGNORED.    The game is finally starting to live up to it's true poteintial, excited to see whats to come.
Just FYI "gypped" is a slur. I hesitate to even write it.
"yeah sorry console, youre not getting fixes" what a scam, standards are dead
This is all great, but I really wish they'd hit the inability to transmog gear. I feel like that's such a huge downside. I take so long to make a perfect character only to have them look like a clown in mis-matching everything the rest of the game.
I've beet rooting to leave last gen consoles in the dust, im glad they are, cos come on lol. This is much to the chagrin of my partner and her copy of last gen lol
So I opened 2077 today, to find that it had corrupted itself. I was wondering why. I wonder if it was 1.5...
It's a bummer that all Xbox One consoles are treated the same. I have the One X and I know it could handle some of the things that only next gen consoles are getting. As for the QOL updates, I'm so glad to see these changes. Ofc my mental wishlist for the game is never going to be fulfilled but this is definitely a step in the right direction
Thanks for keeping this fun and positive. So many hatters on such a great game. Yes it needs more content, but overall it's awesome!
did they fix throwing dagger?.. are daggers still disappear when you throw them on enemy?
Open https://youtu.be/DSGWYAO-yOw
Way better I'm so happy with the update hasn't crashed yet
They removed a ton of the random loot that was laying everywhere,  Moved containers, added a few.  Mainly to keep things from being stuck in the frame and textures.
Patch looks insane. I'm on pc and my patch size was 93gb huh. I had mods installed but I removed them all before downloading update tho
still dissapointed game. .
I'm going to wait until they stop working on the game to play it, see you in 2077.
Honestly it's great to see them finally dropping some really noticable changes and additions, seems like adding content will be easier now
It's not cdpr's complete fault as I think the game is too big of intial size and with this big updates of 50-60 GB it is very hard to optimize the game...it was their overambition to make a game like this on such a big scale
Man.  I hope this is worth 40 gigs of space.
What is current CP2077 filesize??
They have still yet to enable nudity and 3rd person😞😞. Not the upgrade I was hoping for but it’s still cool👍. And their is one more bug they fixed that he missed, they fixed the no hair seen in your shadow bug.
Wooo, Yeaaaah baby, Thats what i been waiting for, Thats what its all about, 🐶 WOOOOOOOOOOO
Wow, this game almost looks ready for release.
woah wait, you mean they're actually making Cyberpunk a good game? In this day and age of Modern Gaming?? That's crazy
All I need now is a PS5 😔 I never refunded my disc and wish I could play it how it's meant to be played
It's true that CDPR lied and released a buggy garbage of a game but as long as they redeem themselves that's alright, for example FFXIV initial released was considered as one of the worst game of all time but became one of the best games out there same with No man's sky. And it's funny to see asswipes trashing the game even though fixes was already given.
I dont wanna sound like i cope super hard but just think about what Hello Games made out of No Man's Sky
I bought it on series s and it feels like it hits above 30 regularly. So far no bugs, no issues, only one line from Jackie was silent, and the spatial audio is realllyyyyy good.
Also, it seems that CD is working on a Police Chase AI - this is probably one of the little "surprises" they mentioned in the stream: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcrdhQgsErc
Can I finally finish the Delamain Mission!?!
I'm really glad that we see improvement. This game promises so much and missed so bad when first released. But we see that in recent updates it's getting better.
Good on them for fixing their broken game (I mean, did they have a choice?). The game still looks boring to me. Not my cup of tea. I hope people can actually have a good time with it now and I hope it does well.
I would have gladly changed all the cosmetics and poses of the photo mode for a new set of weapons, which do have a direct effect on the game.
They removed a ton of the random loot that was laying everywhere,  Moved containers, added a few.  Mainly to keep things from being stuck in the frame and textures.
I’m on PS5. I did not have to manually transfer my saves. As soon as I started the next gen version, it loaded my old save.
Too bad they don´t continue the story , Arizona etc...
This is why the series s is for non enthusiasts only, it will only get worse with how gimped the experience is as time goes on.
I really want to like the driving but I just don’t, I always manage to spin out and it feels like there is a delay when I try and turn, I hope this won’t be the last driving update.  Either way good for CDPR
It released a year early.
I never thought I would say this but I'm going to reinstall it and give it another go. This looks great! 👌
It’s fine if you were not 60 hours into a play through and it screwed your play through completely by nerfing clothing and making some weapons beyond your level in body . I shall now be playing other games! Great for a reboot but a mess for anyone already playing the game. Great that they don’t care about people putting in 25 hours a week.
My trophies😭 i was planning to platinum it
This update was major disappointment this game is just major bandwidth hog game 50gb and nothing barely changed in fact it’s worse now can’t even use my favorite weapons or use V’s infamous modded jacket I had on him till I level up some more 😂 and the driving physic’s are still wonky and have that framerate issue since day 1 only new thing I saw was a new vehicle model and new apartments that are just a waste of Eddie’s really sad update was thinking new side quests with panam or doing new missions with Kerrie, but CDPR just wants to continue milking this game like gta
You know the tragedy in all this? I could have accepted it if CD Project just made a bad game. Because bad games are a dime a dozen these days.  The tragedy is that they made a good game that they just DIDN’T FINISH BEFORE RELEASE!!!  Is there anything worse than a good game that just didn’t get the time to get its final touch ups?
I'm so excited about the apartment mechanics. They just need to keep going. I wish I could just give everyone a ps5 or pc to play this game at it's best.  Also...     YOU CAN REJECT CALLS😪😭. Oh man
ima wait for another year and consider purchasing. But it's starting to look good!
7:28 V FINALLY SLEEPS CORRECTLY WOOOOHOOO
finally the patch isnt "bug fixes" and "two new jackets" but a shitton of gameplay features
Xbox series S getting "jipped" with only 30fps is extremely misleading, you make it sound like that's CD Projekt Reds fault when actually that's just a hardware limitation of the series S. It's a more cost friendly version of the series X so it's not gonna have nearly as much power compared to a series X. Tons of other xbox titles available to the series S have very similar restrictions due to the hardware limitations of the series S.  Personally I was hoping for more from this update in the way of expansion announcement, even just a teaser or confirmation of more to come. I also really wanted to see new game+ added to this patch since I've already fully beat the game on 5 or so character builds. I loved playing this game but this isn't really a reason for people who already beat the game completely on multiple playthroughs to come back. I also really wanted to see either an overhaul or more additions to the entire crafting system - will I be able to craft high tier variants of these 2 new weapons using the crafting system? I'm not sure but I didn't see it in the patch notes so I'll assume no for now.  If you haven't beaten the game or never picked it up then yea this def seems like the time to make a return. And with the whole free trial they released with this then it's a no brainer for people who were at least a little interested in this. It seems like it's the full game too so you could beat it in the 5 hours you have and just experience the story (even though it's worth the buy for everything else IMO). Free trial is a great addition - really glad to see they added something like that in.
Did some of you found the new Weapons yet? The guy in the megabuilding don't have them...
But bruh, I d love that's it would be like GTA where u have to go to a Place to change your hair and everything, imagine the possibilities of that place xd
Game still stutters on XSX , has frame rate issues too - I actually thought it ran better before
No third person game play no dice.
I really hope this becomes another no mans sky story
And…
Still not better than GTA 5 and RDR 2 👎
Still waiting for third person gameplay
Yes the game still has a long way to go but still.. I've been playing since launch and now it seems that the game is heading in the right direction finally. My trust in CDPR might be shaken but I still have faith in the devs to build upon this success now until the game really is what it was meant to be.
i hope this isnt the last major patch
I mean passing out when someone puts a gun to your face is reasonable
Wish I could play. Got the data corruption bug so just sitting here waiting for a fix :')
my copy is from a torrent .. so I AM HAPPY!
Much appreciated, CD. Too bad the game crashes at launch now.
judging by how everyone says a lot in the game has changed up i'm probably going to stop playing it because it actually does the opposite for me than what it does for a lot more people. like I put a lot of care into my builds and if they've nerfed stuff and changed up my build it's not worth my time anymore.
A few more patches like this and the game will be release ready ....
On Xbox Series X it's actually 67GB large.
This warms my heart. Great big step in the right direction for CDPR.
Do you have to regain achievements for the Xbox Series X/S versions?
I think crowd reactions should come to last gen as well, kinda dumb not to include that. Later update, maybe?
Your consistency and quality of videos never disappoint!! Keep up the good work!
Could have done with some timestamps to skip past the console specific junk and get to the patch changes.
Is it worth it to download the update if playing on ps4?
This looks promising but last gen console owners seam to be getting shafted with a fair bit of stuff. CDPR should've just refunded last gen console owners, remove the game focus on new gen and take the hit in finance
This is what the game should be on the release date or at least should be close enough.  But still, this cannot totally change what a bad influencer CDPR Management department was in this whole controversial release.  They can fix the problems but they can never erase the black spots they left in the community.
Im playing the ps5 version and did not have to transfer my save.
This just shows they should’ve made it only next gen ( I know that was impossible because it was promised for old gen but they should’ve bit the bullet) if they wanted their vision realized
Nice nice keep going
Yaaaa I have no room already let's 60 Gbs to an 80GB game with limited ssd space.
Do basically fixes? Are there any DLC's? And By DLC's I mean storylines and missions not extra  weapons and some of that worthless things :D I mean propper DLC because no matter how fixes they do to the game. the game is still to short :D
wake me up when the game is at the point they said it would be at launch
Oh wow if they fixed driving turns its huge. One thing I'm still wondering is why are there no flashlights / night vision in 2077 :D
Witcher 3 was a dumpster fire on launch too. 2077 will keep improving
Just add 3rd person please
thank you for keeping us updated
YES LAD, can't wait
This next-gen separation from PC is seriously making me lose brain cells.
every month a 60gb update, does anybody has enough SSD?
Right on.  Guess I'm gonna have to buy this for my PS5.  Got it for the xbox but still have a One X.
why's there no fov slider and why does the game look exactly the same as it did on ps4 but with a lower resolution
this makes me so happy to see, I've been playing cyberpunk for a while now and took a break from it recently and didn't know bout this update, And I gotta say this is such a huge and amazing step up from before i hope people will give this game more of a chance now cause it's such a great game, I love everything about it especially when playing on high-end gear it looks so great and the story is so good and rich its hard to not get grabbed by it and to see it has been improved even farther than what it was is so exciting can't wait to hop back in and try out everything new this game has to offer again, This game has be underrated for too long time for it to make a comeback again.
Just slapped down 200k and got all five new apartments. Being able to play Johnny silver hands songs on the guitar was awesome. https://youtu.be/k0LncOj6esE
They may have added some things but with a new playthrough...  -Missing heads and T-Poses at prologue still. -Jackie's mouth movement isn't working when he speaks in the car. -Missing Textures message on signs on bridge while Jackie is driving ya home. -Missing everything  at police check point, Jackie begins speaking and boop suddenly everything loads in.  This is what we get when they try to patch complete garbage. Adding DLC's that amount to absolute nothing and should have been in the game in the first place. I like how CDPJKRIPOFF makes such a big deal about DLC's which are actually what should have been in the game at it's release. The game was a complete lie, these patches are Band-Aids attached to garbage to try to make people feel as if they are doing something to fix garbage. 10 years from now, no matter how many DLC's, patches or whatever their incompetence wants to call it, this game will still be a pile of garbage.
I had a feeling the trophies wouldn’t carry over for PS5..also with regard to the transfer of the save file..I’m not still going to bother since i planned on playing the story from the beginning again..hoping it’s gonna feel like a fresh experience 😁 already downloaded just waiting to finish the work day and then im finna immerse myself 😎
Can V dress like NPCs now or do we still get these random pieces of clothing that matches with nothing?
It's a shame. I loved the game. I went for total completion which I nearly did. HOWEVER... there was one last side quest where I threw the grenade that bought one of the enemy robots to fight on my side temporarily. UNFORTUNATELY... that robot got stuck in that mode which means I can never complete the mission as the robot is always there as temporarily on my side and I can't kill it. So it still shows as one enemy and cannot complete the mission. I have two choices. Replay the entire game (as the save files were all after this incident) or just not bother. This update looks like it may make that an option due to new gameplay but I still don't know if I want to put that much time and effort in so long after release
when are we getting new side missions?
I played this game a while a go and found the game amazing. So this update is just some more of the good stuff tbh
It sucks that as a PS4 user, I still wont have the improved crowd reactions. Looks like everyone will still be just crouching down with the same animation when a fight spills out onto the street for me... It also sucks that I won't have access to some of these secret interactions/missions. With the current global shortage of PS5's (not to mention that as a middle-class gamer, it's hard to justify a $500+ expense for the sake of a single game that I already own), it seems that I've just been shafted for having continued faith in CDPR's ability to "No Man's Sky" this game's player experience for all users. Especially if what JuiceHead says turns out to be true and I am slowly locked out of more and more updated content over this game's life cycle.  It seems I paid $70 at release for a game that will never be aa complete experience for the system I purchased it for. And that's something I've not experienced in all of my 30+ years of gaming. It's garbage.  I love The Witcher series, and I'll always be thankful to CDPR for making that series of games a reality. But, because of Cyberpunk, I don't think I'll ever trust CDPR to make another game that I'll be willing to invest in. I think I'm done with them as a gamer.
is it worth to buy now?
TROPHY SUPPORT MUST BE FIXED!  Developers have figured out a solution for having trophies carry over in other games.  There is no excuse whatsoever as to why CDPR can’t do it also.  I waited a year for them to screw me over anyway.   I can’t say I’m a fan of CDPR any longer.  Witcher 3 was a fluke
Thanks for condensing that 1 hour stream into 10 minutes! Looking forward to playing the game again with the PS5 version!
Time to sell DLCs
I can't believe I actually had some hope that this game would get better at some point. Those DLC's are pathetic, its just adding stuff in that should have been there at realease and its all coming out way too slowly
Honestly, can we forget about the last-gen consoles already? Let's be real for a second, this game was always supposed to be next-gen, and while it was CDPR's fuckup to market this game for last gen consoles, it was stupid of people to expect a game like this would have run beautifully on a console like PS4. I mean for fuck's sake, PS4 was released in 2013. Imagine trying to make a modern game work on such outdated hardware, it's basically impossible and futile. The fact the game ran at all is a miracle. Cyberpunk should have always been next-gen console/PC exclusive.
They need to add suppressors to shotguns
No fix for police ?????  Does the last video about the new police mod still work with this ?
I'm a bit confused is this live now or tba when it's going to be playable?
Xbox series x always had performance mode so what’s new to the modes 4K in performance??
On PC will a reinstall be a benefit?
Is this the Next Gen update? And do you get frame drops on Series S? I was waiting for the Next Gen update before buying the game
They finally fixed the sleeping position
60GB Download  *Laugh cries in 12 MB Download Speed*
Glad to see there's still an active community that are excited about this new patch, despite its rough start for obvious reasons and all the negative reviews. Its a next Gen game, embrace it. If you need to save up for a better PC or PS5 etc...then so be it....to experience this great game. It's apparent the developers care, which is great news.  They're not the only ones guilty releasing a game that isn't quite ready for all platforms and includes bugs etc. Lots of developers these days fall into the same issue.
game should've come out next year
What bothers me is the lack of imagination in the worldbuilding regarding the relationship between V and the city authorities in terms of penalties and technology. E.g. it would be cool if in case of an accident or crime a penalty/damages would automatically be charged from V's bank account after a certain delay. This could be avoided by getting a new ID from a hacker/getting an anonymous encrypted account or by bribing an insider in the city administration/insurance industry (if everything is privatized). Maybe different Life Paths have different approaches and the individual districts are differently "anarchistic"/monitored because different companies take over the security. Surveillance by technology is everywhere in Night City, but you don't feel it enough which disturbs the believability. And believability is essential for immersion.
I'm not surprised that the last gen doesn't get everything.   I'm of the opinion that the game itself shouldn't have been released on last gen  consoles.
The game is in a good spot now, let’s work on actual expansions.
Now the most important question. Did they fixed the f*cking LMG?
I'm glad I decided to stop playing this game and not to spoil it until it was finished. Feels like that moment is here (almost)
I noticed cars getting stuck at green traffic lights the first time I played the new version.
Jonny "dlc" is a joke lol
These guys have to be the nicest game studio out there I mean they haven’t even rolled out micro transactions (and considering their track record probably won’t), that’s not something you see often anymore even with buggy games
I really like the Rep system for fixers. now they just need to add in more missions for each faction and the ability to gain rep for Role Play purposes.
They'll use cover more? What cover? I use the widowmaker tech weapon
My trust in CDPR is down the drain. Their lies were heinous and frankly.. unforgivable. There is no update they can release that would make up for the utter garbage they produced at release.
Is there a new game plus
1. Y was this game not delayed until 2021 or 2022 2. Why did this get developed for ps4 xbone?
Not windows 7 😭
1:29 JuiceHead used a slur against Gypsies.
In this game you drive car, go do mission, drive car go do mission rince and repeat. Until no more missions so you go on main quest, which is garbage imho.
WHERE THE TRANSMOG??!! Train!!
disappointed that they decided to gradually drop support for last gen consoles considering it was released for last gen consoles
PC version won't run if you have mods. Need to uninstall and delete the folder and install again. PC version to download is only 64GiB. PS5 version works good but NPCs can walk through walls.
What about just the regular xbox one x
On First watch of gameplay this update looked like a massive improvement - except with the traffic ai. But, looking harder, it still looks quite bad, I wouldn’t dream of buying it yet. 😏
i continue to be happy that i switched from ps4 to pc for this game. i mean ive spent more time playing modded skyrim and fallout but still.  so this update sound like im going to delete all my saves and start new for the hopefully still going story addons
Who cares at this point. Everybody already refunded
how to turn off that annoying outline/red silhouette around the enemies? I want to shoot the correct rendering of the enemies not some weird red hologram / matrix effect ;(  it ruins the realism. also stop talking so fast, its annoying :(
43 GB for me
60gb of pure garbage. Basic stuff that was in gta 3 20 years ago.
any news about ng+?
Love it, and can't wait to see how they will improve further. Haven't played the game yet, as I want my first experience to be as good as possible, and seeing these updates gets me hyped.
Good coverage, man. Sorry to do this, though, but I do have one concern:  The Series S isn't really getting "gypped", because that would imply that the system is capable of stuff like ray-tracing, but just isn't getting it. It can't handle those stronger effects, and getting this game to run at 60 on an S would be more trouble than it would be worth. I've seen a lot of tech reviews of games running on the Series X and S, and there are less-intense games than Cyberpunk that the S still struggles to run at 30 sometimes.  I'd say it's getting what it can handle, and that's fair. Otherwise, thanks for taking the time to look into this. It's helped feel like the next-gen version may be worth it.
i'll think about buying this game when and if they ever complete its debvelopment.
Not really that interested in Cyberpunk anymore, just enjoy your dedication and content, so i stick around. Doesn't matter what they do, i've still got a sour taste in my mouth. Glad it looks like it's shaping up into what people were hoping it would be. That at least makes me happy. Might pop back in when they release some story DLC in the future.
In a nutshell, they "improve" this game a little bit. Felt nothing new and exciting. The marketing is kinda bad tbh. 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
I like that they are still updating the game and this is pretty much evidence that they plan on fixing the game and continuing with future plans which I like. If they are silent that's okay, you don't need to tell me what you are doing, you need to SHOW me what you are doing.
Nice overview, it looks like this game if finally ready to go out for sale.
60GB? It was 43.6GB for me.
Notably, clothing mods have been completely rebalanced from the ground up.
I will be back in night city when the complete edition is released.
IM NOT MOVING apartments UNLESS nibbles comes!!! Can someone tell me if he comes?   They should have just released it NOW! Ok next gen only,   Things I wish they included   Game Plus mode  Tattoos parlours  More escorts    Also when are we getting big dlc? that whole island with the rocket on it for example
TLDR: still no real content after 2 years.
Finally a step in the right direction. If they keep working on it, stay true to the roadmaps and do more patches/updates like this or even expansions like they did with the W3 , they will def win all their fanbase back.
Come on let me customize the control inputs
That's all good but I already spent almost 300 hours playing it and got all of the endings. So what's the point really??
gg cdr
How do you do the free trial?
So rip lastgen?
Wonder if they finally added the option to change the color of things I craft ... oh and an option to change the color of something I own. You have all the variations, a crafting system and we don't even have a low level crafting "change look" option for guns and clothes. So you're stuck looking like you joined a circus or you sacrifice functionality for style.
Now there needs to be a way to make serious eddies, I havent toutched this game in a year but one problem I had was that it didn't allow me to make real cash, I had a hard time just buying a couple of cars let alone other appartments.
What about monet glitch?
been 3 months since I played this game. Downloading update and will check it out again. This is the update I was waiting for to dive back in. Glad they are moving forward with it.
man the new mods utilizing the new features will be amazing
whats  actually changing on pc am i just downloading 40gb of air?
Has anyone tested mantis blades yet??
New game plus?
I actually forgot to install the PS5 version of the game but I was impressed with how much they added. Can’t wait to see each little detail added in for the next gen update once I download this 90GB file 😭
I never finished my first play through on PC because of the bugs and how I felt like it was a waste of time and not enjoyable. Ill be giving it another chance this weekend after this update
Does anybody not even play cyberpunk anymore but still watch these just cuz
Finally time to start a new game!
Driving is way better though. Like way.
Microsoft Was A Bit Early On This As The Other Night I Noticed The XS Symbol On The Cyberpunk Thumbnail And Since There Was No Actual Update I Figured Microsoft Just Goofed.
The ezestates did not show up for me in the apartment computer but the map has an apartment filter. 🤷‍♂
"You can actually reject calls now"  Dude. YES.
Faith wavered for a bit, but looks like there's continued on postive steps
My feeling is that you have to start a new game to enjoy it - for me it gave me a bad taste in my mouth to open my 100% completely finished game and just get a spam avalanche of texts saying I've completed all the quests, I couldn't even figure out what weapon I got from one of them because it didnt stand out in my stash and I only realised I had picked it up because I took out all the legendaries.
My favorite thing i just noticed is there is now a toggle button to walk!!!!!! Now they just need to get 3rd person working....
honestly i wish they never made CP2077 for last gen as many on steam have expressed it really held them back
How does it feel to finally play the finished version of a game you’ve been covering for over a year now? 😭
Where have that controller been?
So for pc users are we just always going to have to deal with horrible last gen pop in now? Cuz of that pc nerf update?
It's actually worse now! If you try to play with a current play through you'll find lots of weapons and clothes nerfed. Like a legendary jacket that had 6 mod slots that now has 2 slots and provides half the armor it did have.  If you've installed mods to make the game better, well scripts wont work so better uninstall all of those. CDPR had 1 outstanding game, the witcher 3, everything else is trash!
I didn’t have to transfer my saves manually. And I think you need to keep the ps4 version of the game on your ps5 to make sure the data are gonna be transferred. Because a few people were complaining that the data were corrupt.
Checked it out and it’s cool but still need’s optimizing and much more content. Looking forward to when they finally make this game the vision they talked about before it released.
So it seems like the game is actually done
Did we get a bigger minimap? Because when driving it was always so small
More work still needs to be done.
They should sell this game to Hello Games, those people made No Mans Sky beautiful
This is a huge step into making this game AMAZING. I've been playing for an hour and already noticed so many things that are way better and my radio finally works after a year of it being broken and unusable. I'm now actually excited for the future of this. But i want a transmog system and the option to toggle off like hats so i can still get the benefits and it wont mess up my hairstyle.
If they can fix police AI and add metro train stations, new game plus, this game would be back in its glory
Glad I'm not a console peasant... PC FTW
Yeah, I'm dling it. Nice, big, fat file. Are they going to make it worth while? I haven't seen it after 15 months so... we'll see what people are saying and what I'm hearing.
literally all i wanted was a fov slider on next gen console
This is great news!!
great video. tons of great info EXCEPT.. small tip. cut back a bit on the word "Actually'"   lost track after 20 :)  super good job on the vid though!!!!
Neat, this game is almost close to what it should've been on launch :D
OK, I am interested in a sequel game now.
imagine if today was the actual release of this game, everyone should be favorable for this game instead of having that abysmal release years ago
What if you have the ps4 version of this game on disc and have a ps5, will you still get the updates as if it were to be the ps5 version or will it just have the ps4 updates?
Is this game actually fun and interesting?
I stopped playing this game a year ago. Should I come back to it now or wait for more updates?
Yeah, I think this is going to be one of those games, It was impressive at launch despite overpromising and hype(At least on PC), but the game is eventually going to be a case where it ends up a masterpiece by the end, I was not expecting the to use AI like Rage had where different gangs would have AI tweaked behavior and act differently but it makes sense for the game as the ganags and factions all are completely different in nature and the tools they use. This will definitely evolve a great deal, I mean Witcher 3 wasn't perfect but it was in a much better state at launch. I also can see them from here dropping content and also adding features in bite size ways in which they can tackle them.
over a year and V still doesn't know how to use a bed
So basically, if you bought the PS4 version, you may as well not even bother?
Worth mentioning. You get to keep all your previous money. Remember that old duplicating glitch 😉👍 I am rich biaach!!
Yay I can now play on my ps4 becuz the ps5 is outrageously expensive in my country 😊😊
we need transmog
People: please fix the combat and police AI  CDPR: here's a mirror to change the way you look in game 0.0
I’m tempted to take off a couple of mods and hopping on after I get off
all my 4 slot legendary .......you know how long i reload save files to get those T_T
Good lord this sounds like the beginnings of an absolute overhaul.
I just wanna see if the streetlights in the desert spawn now
It made my game on pc hella bugyy again. Anyone else have a similar effect?
Praise where praise is due. CDPR is finally on track. Loving the direction they have taken to fix this game. They have my full support from now
It made my game on pc hella bugyy again. Anyone else have a similar effect?
This is terrific news!!
New game plus??
The bugs were definitely an issue for me but the design and ai made me stop playing after a while so in excited to get back to this.
Heads up, "gypped" is a racial slur that comes at the expense of Gypsies. Not a gotcha' moment, most people don't know, and I got called out for this a couple of years back myself and struck it from my vocabulary. Just looking to pay the knowledge forward.
Thanks!
Can't wait to buy cyberpunk 2077 we unfucked it edition for 15 bucks next year
I really dislike the map changes, the removal of clothing mod slots, and nerfing practically every mod. I went from 5,300 armor to 1900 armor. 100% crit chance from clothing mods to 16%. Most of the guns I used had 2000+ DPS and now they’re around 1000. I spent 80 hours slowly and steadily progressing up to where I was and this update put the cap at where I was 20 levels ago. Also I think I lost like 20 perk points when they reset it and because I have almost every skill maxed out already I’ll only be able to get a few back.
NG+ and massive money grabs is what we need now, mainly for all the cars,, weapon/clothing prints and overexpensive mods for the completionists
As an ones owner I'm not upset I did5buy the most powerful version of the console and I'm cool with that.
I’m not sure if I should completely restart with this update or just try to continue from where I left off
*LOOL* Had a katana, Made it OP by upgrading it. Relogged on that Account and says I need to be level 44 to use it, But is already in the slot to use. So I can use it.   Did Stefans Mission finally, (didn't know you make your 20k back) to remove it and now I can't slot it to use it. 💀 CMON CDPR. . .
Game feels great and a huge step. Only thing I’m upset about is no fov slider for series x :(
War pigs still broken unfortunately. Still can't talk to johnny 😭
This may sound elitist because I am lucky enough to have snagged a next gen console but I’m glad some aspects aren’t going to last gen console because they don’t have to limit themselves for the worse hardware.
PC "DLC update" is 47gb
I'll just have to beat it again now .. was great the first time im sure it will be better now .
Yes, it took a long time to come here, but even these small changes are enough for me to probably start a new playthrough. If the game had launched in this very obtainable state, it really would have made all the difference
That update is almost the size of Max Payne 3
Ok si it is almost out of early axces now?
I'm waiting for the police system, and I'll finally be able enjoy the true cyberpunk experience. This gives me hope !
Always get forgotten about on last gen , that’s Xbox
This is not a 60 gb update, but a redownload of the entire game.  And now it does not play...
I like how CDPR pretends Stadia is still a thing, puts a smile on my face
Not happy about the clothes mods, specifically the crit/critdmg%. My build had 100% crit chance and 480% crit dmg. Im at 19/50 now.
can we finally reset skill points and not just perk points?
I played through at launch on the PS5. Since then, I’ve been waiting for the next gen update for another play through and completionist stuff on my first play through. Idk, this feels too late to me. Horizon is coming out in a couple days, I’ve been really into Pokémon, and there’s a lot more games coming out. This update should have been the launch imo
Consoles are for plebs
Can you play basketball yet?
What a sad disappointment of a game.
Too bad we can't keep the mansion
I guess I’ll get this a year from now. After multiple patches, dlcs and mods are out.
I have a save whit a finished panam and one with river there is no additional contant in my game sadly.  No Text no New talk options and so on. Anyone have a diffrent expierience?
Well, now THAT is a step in the right direction! Guess those leak predictions where true after all.
You knowing the dev was stoked about the controller haptics is the level of journalism I appreciate you and your channel for! 😂 Long time fan of your content I don't even own any of the games you play on PC just a fan of the games and your thorough looks at mods and gaming news!
This is a great step. I wish there was a new game plus mode though. I originally played through it on pc using a 5700XT gpu and recently upgraded to a RTX 3080 and with Ray Tracing and the new upgrades, it feels and looks much better. I just have nothing left to do as I completed practically everything over the last year. I'd love to start with my attribute points in New Game +.
So, we're out of the alpha phase into the full copy of the game finally coming out? Nice.
Not trying to be a noob, but since all these updates, will we have new missions? Instead of starting over again.
Time to play through this for the fifth time!!!!! Or is it the sixth???
The PC version is great - the story is incredible. If you have a console, I feel bad for you son - but the game has 99 problems and console fixes ain't one.
You said if we complete all the gigs you would unlock a reward. How does this play into someone like me who has done most if not every gig that was available in the last update? Will I receive a reward when I go somewhere or will I have to do more gigs to unlock it?
I finished a playthrough right at launch, and had mixed feelings about it so held of on the smaller patches - maybe time for a 2nd playthrough now? Or maybe stick it out a bit more and wait for the first expansion?
Is there significant changes on Xbox one x versions?
Wheres cyber punk online multiplayer?? :(((
I literally just started a new save on the pc so this is perfect timing !
It sucks last gen  is getting fucked ,cause i’m playing on the base ps4 , though i’m happy they’re fixing their game
So nothing good. I was expecting ne map areas, new missions, more character options!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Now how about some mods for console players? Would be nice if we could just get even a little update on that front.
I am very excited to try these new things out :))
If they would've  just delayed the game until now and canceled the last gen console versions their reputation would be so much better.
Can't wait to play this game finally
3:18 "It'll now be closer to the PC version" So it basically aspires towards being a mediocre semi broken mess, but falls just short of these lofty ambitions? I could almost feel the needle of my enthusiasm move there for half a second, I feared my life of being disappointed like Kevin Sorbo was over. Tnx for coming thru one more time CDPR.
Guess we gonna get comparable graphics to PC’c ultra settings on the consoles to 2077. Huge difference between ultra and medium settings. Two different games actually. Not immersive.
Windows 7? Are we going to have another shutdown at the border?
The next things CDPR needs to add is full vehicle customisation, allow us to ride the NCART, open up areas (spaceport, casino, mega buildings etc), more weapon variety (particularly LMGs), make the car interior camera angle more practical, flying cars (they’re in the game just can’t use them) as well as Police chases / Car combat. Then and only then will this game be perfect. Very impressed so far with the devs. They’ve been through a lot since launch, they had to deal with threats, info leaks, source code stolen, refunds / financial setbacks. But still they have done right by us and released a version of the game that actually reflects the original trailers, interviews and selling points. Well done CDPR.
What a great time to have a PS5!
this feels like content they didn't have time to add, but I'm glad it's coming along with annoucements for ALOT more free DLC to come in the year, this is a massive step for the game and it should make the game a lot better then when it was released
I'll wait for a few more months before buying.
they making GTA in cyberpunk and that is what i want
Still no cyborg arms but cool update
Wait, so I could sleep with Judy and Panam now? 10/10
Please tell me the secret of having YouTube notify my subscribers
console is still cucked
DUDE LETS GO Theyre working so hard its amazing. :)
do cops still spawn?
This isn't a "next gen update". This is them finishing a version that should've been released in the first place.
I still have a PS4 for cyberpunk 2077 I updated the game and it said the data was corrupted and that I have to delete and reinstall the application and I did that re downloaded it and I did it again and it saying I still have to delete the application even though I already did I’ve tried restarting my PS4 several times and it still saying this anybody know why?
Idk care if i start over on the ps5 im glad i can feel the dualsense feature 😁😉
I'd better disable the update on the PC I don't play it on...
This is a step in the right direction to be honest, after months of waaiting I'm finally ready to buy this game on pc.
What about One X and Pro users?
Sucks that the last Gen players really got sc***ed this Patch like they were the ones that cyberpunk was supposed to be for and they've just been sc***ed every step of the way. Really sad to see CDPR.
40 to 60 gigs CoD laughs
That’s cool so when are they gonna fix the story?
It's awesome, only thing is that my whole game got corrupted 🙂 No biggie, I'm loving this new direction and I'm looking forward to start a new game with these new addons
What an absolute embarrassment.
There was always the two graphic options modes on the next gen
Bruh just sold the game 😐
My pc version runs so much better now
Big turn off previously was the duplicate civilians walking around the street next to each other. Is this more randomized now?
As long as Hanako is still waiting for me at Embers.
EA/DICE take notes on this, smh
Ok....now let's focus on game expansion, overall. Lots more cybernetics and visual changes to the PC's body to show said cybernetics, please.
You should really check the full changelog. It clearly states what is and is not in scope for last gen.
Visual mode has quite a few improvements in graphics besides Ray traced shadows and reflections.
Okay but no new game + ?
YOO I GOT INTO A CAR CHASE !!! ACTUALLY SICK, sad tho that we can't shoot from our cars but you can follow the cops following the gangsters and wait for them to get out of the car, they were shooting each other, idk about the frequency of those care chases, I only got 1 in 4  hours of gameplay since the release of the update. THATS SICK AF ! (It happened in the north of the city I think)
Originally played through on PC, have just spent a few hours with the trial on PS5 and am feeling like I need to have another runthrough
Nice update! Cant wait to try out this game in maybe one more year.
This look and sounds really good 👍 👌
The next gen upgrade is great, been playing on PS5 with raytracing on, and my god. Night City looks so good. Way better than the PS4 Pro version in backwards compatibility mode
So xbox 1x (4k HDR) is in the same category as all older consoles 😢
so did they add police chases and cool stuff to do in the game? no? not yet, still not at GTA3 level I see.  Good thing, you don't need much to amuse idiots.
Hello there! Did they fix the Athletics skill tree? I was barely able to level it up. I'm still like lvl 5. My char lvl is 33,rep lvl 50. Thanks!
That's a hefty update. I did notice the trophies not transferring. So im gona have to restart my current playthrough.
it broke no play game
Just too little too late imo. Im not gonna reinstall this mess for just this. Convenient they uploaded now that Dying Light 2 is out..it makes.me care less because I have something to play that isnt 100% broken garbage.
ngl kind of disappointed new game+ wasn't added this update, like wow two new guns and apartments, starting another playthrough just for them don't seem worth it to me
the change of v on poster means they cant revive the original design of default male or female v?. still nice update gonna play another playthrough.
I really wish every game that has gear would have transmog
I need help. I cant access EZ Estates, is it a mission to complete first?
This game really, really should have been released for "next gen" only given it's technical limitations. I feel bad for any last gen CP2077 players. Reinstalled today due to some of your other mod videos. Looks like I'll wait a month or 3 for them to be updated and play CP2077 again!
Good amount of stuff done. Still waiting on  1. Cybernetic visual Customisation. I want to be a chrome boi.  2. Vehicle Customisation? And or some form of garage.  3. What about police.AI ? Do they still spawn nearby and will they chase you?  4. Gang notoriety system
Let's be honest, this is how the game should've been at launch. It's a travesty that they only managed to do this almost 2 years later, goes to show how much more time the devs needed. At least it's finally in a good state, I can finally be cautiously optimistic for the expansion. That's probably when I'll jump back in.
Okay its just something you mentioned in passing. But I really appreciate you can stealth hack again, even if I have to get the right gear or perks to do it.   Literally stopped playing when even random gang thugs on the street could track me down and kill me when I tried to quick hack them from on top a building across the street. I don’t care that before they nerfed hacker damage, but removing stealth entirely from it made my character literally unplayable as he was high level with zero stats in combat outside hacking.
I updated to the new 1.5 patch today and now the game crashes when i try to play it
Awesome... now I gotta wait for all my mods to get updated, hahaha!
if only andromeda got this treatment
You can't say gypped dude. That's racist
gotta love it when you own physical media and the update data is corrupted and you delete the game and full reinstall and the game data is still corrupted (PS4) Glad i just wasted 6 hours of my night trying to get the fucking update to work and now i cant play the game period.
I downloaded the update on PS4, and got a game corrupted message. I reinstalled the game and it’s still corrupted. Apparently this is a fairly wide spread issue on PS4. I should note I’m playing a physical copy of the game
Seperate save files for different paths would be good, if it didn't overwrite my saves.
Considering it was made for last gen consoles don’t you think they should focus on that instead of next gen?
If this was the final update for the game, I'd be furious. As the first update of the year, I think it's awesome. Now they just need to tackle police and gangs.
Too bad the game runs at 30fps in series s. but still I'm going to enjoy it like you can't imagine
Can i have 60fps with my 1070?
Anyone knows how to get the Black Unicorn and two t shirts in the PS5 version ? I had them on the PS4.
yeah. i tried it out with my xb series x but still no endgame content at all. if u start a new game then fine. some new features and stuff but if u r done with everything and don't wanna start over then u can delete the game ^^ or cruise around the city with nothing to do....
7:28 I’m surprised they never fixed the camera not tilting when you lay down.
any details on new game plus?
Good first step but far from over, im also kinda shocked they didn't announce a transmog system and NG+
When will everyone stop calling PS5/Xboxx "next gen", as if it is something coming. it is current gen. ps4 is last gen. they even use the word on the stream. smh.
Still looking forward to garage and transmog
Well, since the mods are likely broken, it sounds like its time to create a fresh save then. Should be interesting to see all the differences
I can see the 'update crowd reactions' not hitting XB1 or PS4, as it likely has to do with memory issues, populations on PS4 are at a low density already, adding more reactions to that could affect other parts of the game, CD PR likely tried implementing it and it likely performed poorly on last gen consoles, so it got yanked.
Still no story dlc
Please do a side by side comparison of the differences between the ps4 and ps5 versions of the game so we know the exact differences as this would definitely be greatly appreciated
they sacrificed us te pre orders to fix it for the new players
Sounds like the game is actually out of beta 😅
I downloaded the update on ps4 and after that i cant open the game it said the data is corrupted  delete it from ps4 and insert disk again i did that and it just happened again i can't even play the game has anyone have this problem please help me.
Not having my trophies carry over from ps4 build has completely killed my interest.  I was waiting for ages for this next gen update to continue playing but older trophies not being carried over is UNACCEPTABLE.  I’m done with this game.  No way I’m replaying it.  It’s a slog to begin with.
It feels like they are turning the game into what it was supposed to be
I feel this is a nice base to build upon. Now, they only need to expand on missing features instead of fixing stuff. Hopefully we get more customization options for guns, vehicles, cyberware etc., as well as enhancements to already existing systems like Police AI, random encounters or perhaps dynamic encounters, since the game has a reputation/standing system in place. Mini-games would be also be very much welcomed (but not entirely necessary).
I’m extremely happy they are adding these quality of life updates I can’t wait for story content
This is NOT NEXT GEN.  I’m playing on Series X and it’s the same graphics from backward compatibility mode from Xbox One. CDPR LIED!!!!!!!!
Que emoción prros
I just bought the game and the total size was like 62 gb. I don't think the patch was 60 gb. o_o
I just downloaded the game before yesterday, and now i gottta download an update
Anyone know if u can delete the PS4 version once u download the PS5 version? I can imagine we would need to keep both right?
just wish it was actually playable on a ps4
Wow, some actual changes and some actual DLC for once. That’s great and all, and nice of them to give us the option to actually customize not only our character, but apartments. The only other customization request I would have, is if we can customize our cars. Perhaps our weapons if it’s not too much to ask for.  But, one question still lingers. Did they fix the Wanted system yet? Did they fix the police AI? That, I’m willing to look at and see.
That can buy new builds at home?? That's awesome! And I am waiting for new colors and emblems on the vehicles and weapon skins too.
Im so pissed at the clothing mod changes… it took alp the fun out of crit builds…
Worth noting that if you played the PS4 version on your PS5, you don't have to do anything regarding the save.  It automatically picks up from where you left off.
Sounds good. 👍👍
finally, beta 1.0
From the comments I can tell a lot of people are really positive. Have not tried it out myself yet but since I already finished the game twice I still feel like I have to wait for another big patch to really get the WOW experience I so desired the first time (and got to a certain extent). I'll probably wait for the first story dlc to give this game another spin, but at least things seem to be heading in the right direction now finally :)
Well, I will be back once they add car customization and shops you can sit at
I do feel kind of cheated for owning a last gen in pre-ordering that game.
the patch is useless, it only works for consoles and it's the same game, just a graphic patch with a couple of other things, the real problem with this game is in the physics and people's reactions, why? because they are not procedures, since they are scripted it will be very difficult for you to improve. That's why gta with rage and europhia takes light years away. Because many of the things in gta, like for example the destruction of cars, animations of the pedestrians are a perfect mix between animations scripted and smoothed with the procedural of its physics engine.
Good to see more meaningful progress, but I did all the achievements on the game at launch 114 hours in Steam. I will probably only go back after the release of the new DLC. Hopefully will will few a different more complete and polished game by then. It's a good game but there is a great game buried there waiting to be brought to life.
For some reason this game still really doesn’t look appealing to me
I do feel bad for the devs. They just wanted to make a good game, but were forced to release it too early
I can confirm the PC changes. It uses a lot more resources when loading, and the AI is MUCH smarter now. But they did nerf a bunch of items, dropping the number of mods items can have and lowering some damage. Also, a lot of the crafting skills have been updated to fix a bunch of the crafting exploits. You can still make a bunch of mods to recycle them, but they won't dismantle for as many other items. Also, perks are totally different. The change has not been expressed enough. You WILL need to relearn your builds, or just change your play style. It is big.  It's almost like it's a sequel game. Just with the exact same plot.
Cyberpunk it really getting better
On Xbox one x it plays perfect much better
I would like to apologize for jokingly saying that they gave up on the game, lol And awwwww, of course my PS4 gets the short end of the stick, that sucks but I won't complain too much about it
Significantly noticable changes this patch. I feel like I can finally reinstall this game.
One thing I have seen on Reddit is that cops chase gang members in cars and it leads to a shootout! Now they just need to make cops chase the player…
it's not running on my ps4, says that the data is corrupted and ask to delete and reinstall, I did twice, same error =/
Not gonna play until I get the trauma team outfit in game or arasaka helmets. Need cool cosmetics
I’m glad cyberpunk is starting to get the updates it really needs. By the looks of things this update only proves it was pushed out too early
Lol PC isn't ever locked to ANY FRAME RATE Or resolution Lol you kids make me laugh  We've been next gen update, since day one kid!!!!!!!!!!   When u kiddies gonna get it . PC isn't locked like your weak PS 5 and Xbox .
huge
Redownloading the game I was most hyped for and never played the first time, a year later... here we go 😂😂
You can buy apartments lets goooooo
Does this patch break all of the current mods? Should I just disable all mods before hopping in?
When's that Dolby Atmos kicking innnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!
I didn't have to transfer my save just downloaded the ps5 version and deleted the ps4 game
I am not  happy about some of it especially when is especially with the new versions of the consoles getting more than the old versions but it is understandable though
Sad that Xbox One X will not receive the next-gen version even being better than Series S.
Hey everyone. I just got back from the future, 2084 to be specific. Yes time travel is possible and I used it just to save you all some time. Cyber punk 2077 was never actually finished and it still sucks. Have a good one
Please CDPR give me wheel support i just want to drive around !
Nah then my mods won’t  work no more I’m good lol got me last time
Anyone else lose their gear and weapons?
No man’s sky v2
Finally pulled the trigger on the pc version for £11, cant argue with that, lets see what this is about now it seems ready, looking forward to jumping into this
My game got corrupted after downloading this update, had to delete everything. What a ripoff
1:42 waittt… waittt wait wait wait wait Buyable houses?
New weapons, new cars, new map locations, new dlc, new…???
Wow I was not expecting this at all. Super excited to hop back in! I've had it taking up space on my hard drive for a while now.. couldn't bring myself to uninstall
Forsure downloading to check out
Will there be a new game plus?
Bruh not saying this to be mean, just stating an observation, but no matter what you play your aim really sucks and I can't ignore it anymore
4:18 Goty 2022 😂😂😂
i like how we got ps5 upgrades  but most of us still cant actually buy a ps5
i had 133hrs during launch day with 1 full playthrough and 2 half playthrough. maybe i will replay it when they drop the story expansion.
People should not support these kinda companies. I'm glad i did not buy this because it was and still is a middlefinger in consumers faces.
ordered it today, i was waiting to play it on my Xbox series x🍀✅✅✅✅💯💯💯💯💯
now we just need TRANSMOG PLEASE!
They forgot the disc version for ps4 lol.  It basically downloads a new game and goes to install it and just stops.
My Xbox One S is getting 50.05 GB.
I’m thinking about buying since it’s on sale and will hopefully get better from here on the series x does the 60fps feel better or the same also the ai does it feel more realistic?
New tech for ai uses linear algebra. Only realistic way to do that quickly is it to us rtx. If that isn’t available then the newer ai is basically inaccessible. This will apply to a lot more things very soon. Good example that a lot of people will be getting mad about is movements. The models move in a very algorithmic way right now. In the near future that will be handled by an ai to make it seem much more realistic… and again you guessed it… only possible with linear algebra. I expect that those cores will become integrated into newer motherboards but I haven’t seen anything on that yet.
Never saw a worse game...
I want New Game plus.....
Almost time for the real cyberpunk to sample this art 🎨 👌🏾
just got the pc update, 71 gb worth of new gameplay and im super excited
no new game +?
Is this the next gen update, or just a update?
one of my fav additions so far that I have discovered is that throwing knives can now be recovered from enemies so you no longer have to bring backup knives. also new animations for when you get a new sword or knife and new kill animations for them
sadly this breaks a lot of mods for the PC. Let the waiting game begin :(
Acting as if Horizon Forbidden West last gen versions dont look amazing. Cmon man.
my question is.....can I continue my romance with characters? like... have a conversation about nothing lol
Having trouble with “Bless This Mess” from Padre. I’m having trouble retrieving my gift from him in my stash. I go to my stash and I see nothing new. Idk what I’m doing wrong. Looking for help.
i hope the texture pop ins are fixed
Are lmgs finally fixed so you can put more then one mod on them?
Is it worth buying now?
Character editor! Finally
Not working 😑
Does it include new game plus
Crowd panic, crowd aggro and apartments are the biggest changes here. But its still not enough to get a better sandbox experience. Especially the police ai must step up for a dynamic sandbox gameplay.
Iv watched your cyberpunk update vids since it launched and I still don’t have the game
Excellent news, ty.
I hope one day there is more changes to the story. Would like an ending where B survives and Johnny can be put in a separate body and survive as well. Along with some other characters not dying.
Only 60 gigs, maaaadnes!
Finally gonna buy cyberpunk now 😌
hoping there'll be a random mission generator for side activities and racing too
Im not sure if anyone noticed this yet, but as we know when it first launched with the day 1 patch cyberpunk was over 100GB on storage and i just downloaded the new patch onto my ps4 and i check storage i saw that the size have been reduced to the original 50,well 58 to be specific, did this patch run a compression to free up more space on storage??
i wish that people realized that Ps5s and other next gen consoles are still extremely hard to get 😕
right nyeow
Last gen.. . 10 year old systems... They should be happy they could play this 2 start with
Will you finally be able to retrieve thrown knives?
FINALLY, I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR MY SECOND PLAYTHROUGH!
I still wish it had Bethesda style loot where you can take everything off enemies
everyone: gee i sure hope cdpr deliver some interactivity to this dead world or fix the police  cdpr: controler rumble wen u fuk now
Do people actually still use windows 7?
Meanwhile fashion DLC wanters are sitting here like 💀 That aside, I'm glad they added apartments now.
I'm on PC and have been using mods to essentially make the game twice as awesome as this. The base game, even with this new update, is the real gimped version.
better that nothing
LOTS of crazy bugs.. fun tho. BUT DLC #3 was johnny Silverhand poses, that sums up the quality.....
Ok I could be completely missing the whole point here. This is THE next gen update right? Like this is the state of the game going forward into the dlc?
Sounds good. One or two more of those updates and the game will finally be ready to hit the stores.
I wonder should I play it with this patch or with combat overhaul and other best mods ? I already competed game on day1 but want more polished gameplay now.
Is it gonna be on game pass? Seriesx
this is all great but i have no reason to come back to this game after i already beat it back in December of 2020
I usually don't go with the hype before release but this one....I gave in to the hype years before it released...lesson bitterly learned not to get my hopes up 😭
Did they remove all the censorship?
Sounds like Sony has an update size limit. LOL. How stupid.
Have they fixed “Wait for takemura to call you” and the random items not loading in, off synced subtitles, random freezes?
I’m pretty sure for PS5 when you transfer over your PS4 save to the new version on PS5 it will unlock all your trophies from the PS4 save (I am basing this on all the other games on PS5 that I did this to. Primary examples are Spider-Man (both Remastered and Miles Morales), Ghost of Tsushima, and Bugsnax)
Were any new clothes added ?
Who else is excited for Forbidden West?!
Cyberpunk be like IF NO MANS SKY CAME BACK SO CAN WE!
FYI - AMD FSR isnt only for AMD cards, it also works on other brands and older cards e.g. GTX 1050, and integrated GPUs
The update broke my game graphical glitches everywhere.
The is the actual release and I couldn’t be more excited
YOU DO NOT HAVE TO TRANSFER YOUR SAVES MANUALLY. Just download the next gen version and delete the PS4 version.
Game still needs transmog.  Looking like a cowboy punk identity crisis feels bad when you just wanna wear stuff to look cool.
The only bad thing about this update is no ng+ other than that this is a good first step
OK i was extremely disappointed in cyberpunk i mean i loved it but the lack of crowds the dumb ai that let u kill them really ruined the experience for me but im definitely going to see if this update will get me to complete the game
You keep your PS4 trophies, you just have to earn them again for the PS5 version. They don’t auto-pop. Most trophy hunters probably like this if they’re serious about trophy hunting.
I'm not hearing stability fixes... guess nobody cares that the game crashes every 30 minutes on my PC (i7 8750H, GTX 1060 6GB, 16GB RAM) which should be able to run it without turning off pedestrians and traffic.
OH YOU KNOW THE VIBES THIS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS EXPECTING
Would really like an update video about mods, which ones are still worth while
Love your work. Thanks man.
I’m on PS5 and have waited for this. Is it the time to finally buy CB2077 ? It is 50% off on PS store so for 25 euros couldn’t be wrong I guess.
2:23 how to alienate your player base 101
9:46 THERE IS A GOD
mine is downloading now, says 47.4GB on PC
I just want new game plus mode so I can redownload it on my series x
where new game plus tho... thats the only thing that will put me back on the game
Played the story once. Now let’s see the big update for a second story run
But now my legendary clothing that had four slots only have one or two now and you can’t put legendary mods on lower class items
after the dumpster fire story, no amount of updates will fix this
What exactly is a “hairdresser mirror”?
They talk about the NPC AI Improvements. But do these Improvements apply to the police as well?
I’m happy enough to have an update.
So glad I’m playing on a Series X instead of PS5. Just alot of work to have to download all this as well as transferring saves.
Cant upgrade it here in Ireland all that shows up is ps4 version and ps5 trial.iv been trying everything to get the upgrade with no outcome.
what is with this new strange trend where PC games dont get the next gen update?
Honestly power weapons are my favorite glad to see those hopefully many many more to come
Bruh, all of the first few things you talked about, was already on Series X
Too bad last time I opened cyberpunk it quite literally broke my PS4
Bruh I bought Cyberpunk on release and I'm finally about to play it now!!! I cannot wait
I love this game. Seriously. In my 30 or 31 years of gaming, it's top 10.
New stuff and crowd behavior upgrade looks cool but:  No police / gang chases? No new game plus? No increased crowd and traffic density?  Was looking for a reason to replay the game but this is not it :/
Thank you.
Good time to replay it I guess
Did the patch do anything for the character stories, since they don't really change anything?
I did not hear any mention of new game +. Will that feature be part of this update? I don't want to start from scratch 😔
Anyone know how to import my save from ps4 version to ps5? I played it on ps5 originally on backwards compatibility
Too late to save this mess.
The game is on sale right now for 25€ on the PS store which seems like a great price now.
Sad they didn't offer a 1080p/60 fps mode for Xbox Series S. :(
has anybody actually platinumed cyberpunk on ps4? lol
I didn’t see anything in the patch notes regarding police chases and police interactions when committing crimes , so I hope that’s added in the future, overall, the game seems like it is slowly becoming an enjoyable experience, looking forward to future content forsure .
Still, no garage to see all of your vehicles or the ability to customize them with paint jobs, weapons, etc?
I'm glad they're overhauling some of these systems ground up instead of just painting over them. Hopefully there's more big updates soon
Good progress so far. I’ll play it by next year when they’ve finished making the game completely.
This video could have easily been half as long
I’m excited for this update but I’m still waiting on the “big” addition to the game. Maybe another map or an addition to NC.
just played and holy moley, it feels so different, the ai is so good now and wont make me suffer anymore. and all the other changes that make it actually feel like a finished game
Is skipping the hour long tutorial an option now?
I only have a few, but I'm wondering if this will break my mods and modded save...
No transmog still??
ive been shitting on this game for a year in hopes to see change. Good to see the AI improvements and mechanic overhauls
Thank you for always informing us JuiceHead. You're the go-to Cyberpunk guy. 👊👊👊
50.5 gigs on my 1x
did they fix melee yet? i really hope so, i mean that thing where your weapon stops attacking and instead just kinda flops, sorta like in minecraft when you repeatedly hit the block button with a sword in your hand
I think it’s ridiculous that 1.5 did not come with new game plus.
As a series S owner myself I can definitely say that its pretty disappointing still only being able to run 30fps.. not to mention theres been a load of nerfs that not many people seem to be aware about.
I wish i could get my hands on fucking Xbox series X.
Well, I just updated and now it just crashes on launch. Oh well...
Ive been screwed by this update, it corrupted my saved data so I deleted it all yet it won't even start up anymore no matter how many times I delete it. There is no saved data on my ps4, yet it still won't start
So where's the content? I don't count a bunch of apartments, haircuts, and 4 guns...
If it's like any of the other ps5 games  once you upload your save and open it you'll be spammed with all your trophies
I really just want the game to let Panam move in with me
How do you delete your cyberpunk trophies?! I keep getting a corrupted data message Everytime I try to download and play the game now and I deleted all my saved data already so idk what's up heh
So is this a ps5 update for the ps4 version?
Thumbnail source?
Is there a New Game+?
So basically if they had released the game when the devs wanted originally then CDPR would have not had all these problems and lost half the companies value. Hopefully the suits of CDPR have learnt their lesson and can support this game for years and add a lot of new and great content. I am looking forward to my second play through when the 1st story expansion comes out.
I might actually get back into the game.
Can we get 3rd person gameplay ?
Looks like it's FINALLY time to redownload
It's Pronounced Gee-yo-teen (Guillotine) my bro, it's french, like "Madam Guillotine." (In English people usually pronounce the L, but that's just us mangling the actual french pronunciation.)
I'm glad they've released an update that is more than just making saves work. I'm still a little bit underwhelmed from the promises they made, but this is a good step in a good direction.
Has anyone noticed any performance/fps boosts on PC after this update? Poor performance is the main thing that’s been making me hold off playing.
Forgive my ignorance, but is PC not getting the next-gen upgrade because the console next-gen version is what the game always was on PC, visually speaking?
The saves that did transfer over on my ps5 I was cashless and my inventory was empty😂😂 so that's fun
Loaded up a new game to check out the newness and I've seen three new bugs already. Classic.
Well I know what I will be playing after Forbidden West
gonna have to wait for some of my mods to also update due to some issues with compability, it was expected uahauhauhau
Is the dlc free?
should i disable all my mods with this update?
Can't wait to see your next review.
perks reset was 20000creds? Atribute Points still locked?
Big fan of your content but shouldn’t say “gyped” to mean ripped off, based on racist stereotypes of Roma people (Gypsies)
Still waiting for those player owner AVs.
Your character is still dressed waist down in first person when looking down dispite having nothing on and the menu showing you as full nude.
I hope i didnt loose all Clothing Speed and Slots?!  was fully moded for 8
You forgot the most important addition: WATER PHYSICS.
just spent the past week meticulously modding this game just for this patch to drop and potentially destroy it all. but im grateful, this patch seems super promising and gives some really awesome stuff
“DLCs”. After all this time we have waited, this is the DLC we get? It’s a bit of a let down.
Just a quick question, what’s gonna happen to all my mods I have installed?
I just read the patch notes. This is looking like a big step in the right direction and suggests the Devs haven't given up and are planning more so I am excited. Probably will have to uninstall most of my mods at least until they are updated but by the sound of this patch some of those mods may be obsolete now anyway.
I won't be returning unless they add back the missing features  or they add a big piece of DLC.
And here I was for the past 14 months thinking I would be able to have a legit priced Series X long before this update arrived.
Wot though what about the legendary cyberware that spawns ...please tell me they aren't removed 😭
Is new game plus available now or do i still need to wait for that?
I was lucky enough to get a ps5 disc version and series X at Christmas got it downloading on both of them just sat here waiting biting my nails
the "improved crowd reactions" are probably something heavily CPU bound that just last gen CPUs can't handle with the crowd density settings where they are.
Is the next gen version going to come with a new gamedisc or is it update only?
I heard about the game, saw how broken it was, and forgot about it.  Then in the last couple months, I started hearing about it again, but in a more positive light, and decided to pick it up.  The only thing that I'm somewhat miffed about is that they added a new rifle and smg when there's only one lmg in the game.
Still no 3rd person? Well they still not getting my money then.
wow what a bad quality recording
Got the digital version on deep discount but waited for this update now l can finally play it
Wondering if I jump back in on on series S or wait until I finally upgrade to series X. Kind of disappointed that we didn’t get 60fps.
If the game had launched closer to this state , the backlash would have been a lot smaller
"It comes in three parts and not every system is getting all the parts." That makes it sounds like some DaVinci code stuff. Jokes aside, this sounds great. I will absolutely dive back in when my game calendar clears up.
Seeing that the perks have been overhauled actually makes me consider downloading it again. Good update looks good
I’m glad their sticking with this game but it feels like there taking too long fixing it, there really isn’t any hype for this game anymore except for the core fanbase. No man sky devs kept the hype up with multiple massive updates for years, while this game is almost 2 years old and it still feels like they just barely stabilize the game. Either way imma still go back
"gypped" isn't a crazy welcome thing to keep saying just fyi
This was so unexpected haha, literally forgot the game was still being worked on. A surprise for sure but a pleasant one.
Honestly? This update gave me hope to the game, i think i might buy it since its on sale
Wow, looks like cdpr might actually pull of the redemption arc
The problem is that I already played this game, and I have no motivation to play it again. I'm sure there are more people like me, but then again we already paid full prices for a beta game so no loss for CDPR.
All the mods will be broken. Time to uninstall them all and start over.
"This is actually the dev that added that in, he seems very happy about this." 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I really hope the expansions will have branching storylines, the base game feels too linear and on rails most of the time.
This will hold me over until elden ring next week
Ok, they seem to have fixed all the issues I had on PC, except one: Can we now customize all the keybinds? Without editing the ini files?  I'm a lefty so my left hand is on the mouse and my right hand is on the keyboard, and thus the wasd area is very awkward to use.  I hate having to spend an hour editing ini files every time the game updates and wipes my binds.
Temper your expectations, pour a glass of your choice poison or light up your favorite green.  Dim the lights, headphones on.  Now, give this game a chance.  Unpopular opinion, but I think this game has so much going for it buried beneath that abysmal launch.
I love how basic b*tch features like in-game character customization took them OVER A YEAR to implement... 🙄🤣
Is it he good time to jump into it? I play for about 15h at release didnt finish the story not even close. I liked the game but it was fealing unfinish. Those it feal great now?
This game is like wannabe GTA 5 with some RGB.
I appreciate them updating the game but honestly the AI fixes in this game are something that was literally present in gta 3 on playstation 2. Like bruh why has gaming become so watered down. Less about immersion and more about just pretty graphics
I don't know if it's a bug or glitch but I can't use any legendary guns and blades like Skippy it says u have to be lvl 50 which was never supposed to happen
Are you skipping Dying Light 2? 🤔
update didn't improve much. huge update (in size) that was pretty much empty.
What's funny is I have this game but no internet yet! it's coming in a month or so, awhile back in Christmas I didn't care about playing the game with the stat it was in, it seemed more like a alpha or beta state. Now I'm excited and Can't wait.
This is looking promising. I'm gonna wait for your in depth video but I'm definitely gonna be looking into reinstalling, and what mods are updated that I can use. I haven't played since jan of 2021 and now I think it's a lot closer to what I've been expecting, especially when you add a few of these new mods on top of it, like vehicle combat. I'm honestly kind of excited now
Them mother fuckers took my armor away. Had to respect too. Even took my smart Sniper rifle away. Cocksuckers!
I'm going to keep waiting.
Well guess its finally time to find a PS5 to play on. I've been waiting for an overhaul update like this and am excited to see what all has changed.... right after I track down that PS5
Hey, can you stop drawing out videos like this. Really annoying to have to jump around to get to any substance.
My question is can we go to V's mansions the last time I went their doors were locked
YOU CAN ACTUALLY SLEEP IN THE BED LIKE A NORMAL PERSON 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
Any Skyrim news?
Hah I only got 50 gb
My day one Xbox with a half full 1tb external: OH GOD PLEASE NO
After I installed the update and started it up it said data corrupted. To delete and reinstall. Anyone else have this problem?
Looking forward to a nap with Judy. The other stuff seems cool too
Now we 3rd person players are more hopeful but only cautiously cause why invest in the appearance of the character if you barely ever see it ? Seems like a waste and tbf a lot of file resourses needlessly implemented into the games file size. Just give the option of 3rd person so we can truly appreciate the art and also the visual appeal of the character we play is all we are asking.
PC MASTER RACE
The update is breathtaking! Really a lot is done now and finally feels like a game
As someone who bought the day it came out and was burned on PS4, please allow me to say with all due respect... So?
Still feels like it is missing systems, like police
I think the passing out might be a bug, since they added that drivers and passengers die in bad crashes, so that might affect it.
Its kind of a The Witcher-ish version of Cyberpunk. Looks like a step on the right way. We'll see about the story DLCs.
Hey yall. I have CyberPunk for Xbox one s but I'm buying a Series S next week, do I have to buy Cyber Punk all over again ?
I got to say this update is amazing so far, just restarted the game to fully see what changed. I still want a transmog system but for now I'll just wear whatever I want until they come out with that
500 GB game must be worth the storage
Please don’t use the word “gypped”, it’s offensive to Roma people.
YOU FINALLY SLEEP CORRECT! YES!
finally i can buy apartments   still sad i cant have enhanced crowd reactions
Yesssssss, this is amazing. Time to reinstall the game
Hey, great video! I actually picked this game up on a deep sale a week or two ago, because I was unwilling to pay full price on it. I just bought a brand new gaming laptop with an RTX 3070, and I bought this and a few other games on a steam winter sale. Anyway it’s really awesome to see that they’ve made all these changes, I kind of have followed how broken this game was from when it was released, but it looks like it’s really shaping up to be an amazing title. Thanks again for the video!
Just download. Ps5. It crashed and won’t work
video begins at 5:10
I want to get all the trophies again. This is a plus not a negative.
Who actually got all the trophies for this game? Not even playable
did they actually pulled it off and did a no man sky syndrome??
I hope we’ll be able to play after the main story imo that would be great
Been waiting to buy this game so that I can enjoy the game.
So glad they added fsr no mid tier gpus can reach 60 fps
Pannam dlc is nowhere to be seen :(
Naaaaah, I'll wait till I can get ahold of a ps5 to play this game again. I'm sure it'll happen before the heat death of the universe. Or I'll just get a gaming laptop like my friends keep telling me to do.
For me this will be a win win. If its fun that'll be great, if it's turbo broken still/ again it'll be funny.
Honestly I bought the ps4 version on sale at gamestop for like 25 bucks. They've already announced a free update to the next gen version. So once I'm able to get my hands on a ps5 I'll have a good game for 25 bucks
I like how you say the background footage is the performance mode, yet this video doesn't have 60fps, rip.
Now we just waiting for that cyberpunk online 💯💯
I got the disk version and I can’t download the ps5 version
I’m a PS5 user and I didn’t have to transfer the game data, I just clicked on continue and it resumed from where I left it.
so now the game as officially released 🤣
It took just under 120 minutes to dl the patch on ps4 and it corrupted the game file. It was working prior to the patch. Now have to reinstall the game from disc and dl again...I don't think I've the patience.
so another update that doesnt add any content oh joy
I kinda wish i waited to play until now
oh you gonna get in trouble for that poster.. you know which one i mean...
Yeaaah gonna have to wait on this one😂like next month cus that will go over my download limit of 1Tb
My save was reset for some reason, I beat the main story and now I havent even met Judy yet
pro tip for these videos. start with fun stuff end with boring stuff. got to the comparing new gen and old gen fps and i gotta go
This is enough for me to come back. Glad i didnt refund lol
To me, its too little too late. Its been over a year since release and I've moved on to other things and I just don't care about CP2077 anymore. I'm unlikely to go back to it.
I wish they added some more content , I already did the 3 paths at launch back to back.
Files corrupted on PS4 after update how to fix?
Played two hours doing side quests and jobs and walking around and trying to interact with everything. The game feels exactly the same as in 1.3 patch. Playing on PC. FSR is seriously important new addition though but otherwise I didn’t see any proper changes that changes the experience. NPC’s still sit on invicible seats and NPC seem lifeless still in the streets. They are clearly programmed.
If you’re on ps5 then delete the game you have and go to the store and download the ps5 version. Simply updating won’t change that. I found out after looking at patch notes for 2 hours trying to find why my adaptive triggers weren’t working
Cyberpunk finally out of early access. Cool.
So now the wait for all the mods to be re-worked and re-implemented :/
now can't start the game.  Downloaded twice.   It says data is corrupted and i have to delete and reinstall.  restored licenses.  Rebuilt database etc, etc.   CDPR.........  I dont know if its because i have the disc version but not working and was just playing it before i downloaded the patch.
Can someone tell me if it’s worth replaying now? Is there new DLC on the way?
i never understand why people where so upset at release that the last gen consoles performed so badly. Like the Game was announced as a next gen game and youre trying to run it on a last gen console. What do you expect?
Neat.
have they fixed the delemaine(don’t remember how to spell his name) glitch with the call? I have lost two play throughs to this glitch and has kept me from coming back to the game. On PC.
fairly certain Pawel was joking about haptics during romance but it would be pretty funny
im finna be fartin it up in performance mode
Is Thermal Katana back?
Ok, this is nice and all but one question remains;  Are the keys still hard coded making it impossible to play as a leftie without physically editing the game-files yourself?
40 on pc is pretty off, it was 71 for me.  Edit: correction, it’s 47, just required 71 gigs of free space to actually download for some reason.
AND its 30 bucks now. Im sold
more romance?!? installing rn
still no new game plus? :( dang it
Hope they add minigames, random events, police chases,  npc daily routines, transmog and metro system.
I personally thought this was a pretty decent game despite its flaws even when it came out
Been waiting for your video on this :)
It's to late tbh.
I don't know... I see people around all excited, but for me, there are still some major bugs: police AI and spawning, enemies AI, close combat interactions. Not to mention some features that were cut off the scope due to time limitation, like: NPC daily routine, NPC interactions, improved police chase, weapon customization, car customization, and more.  I loved the game, but I'm not going back to it while these are not implemented
I just want golden robo arms, is it to much to ask for?
They still haven’t add third person view or restore cut contents like mantis blade climbing. Open world still feel dead and soulless. Gameplay still suck.
A step in the right direction, but they took a YEAR to implement that what should have been in the game day one and still no way near how it was in those 48 min of gameplay back then. Good for them to update it but shame on them for taking so long.
ok, but is there a new game plus yet???
I’m so glad I got back into this game last month, I only played it for 2 days after release and dropped it, uninstalled it from my library and was tempted to get a refund, it’s a shame it took this long but I’m glad the game is improving
PS4 it was 58GB
oh wowerz! Thanks Juice for the news
Last gen is having a data corruption issue.
update was actually 43.4 gbs for me? weird i guess but at the end of the day who cares
I bought the game on sale for 30 dollars a few months ago and just sat on it, waiting for the next-gen update. So excited to jump in!
Thank you for the break down 👍🏻
this update is breathtaking but unfortunally "redscript" mod is not working in patch 1.5 so almost all my mods aren`t working too
If you have the ps4 disc version there's a nasty corrupt data bug
I am so freaking excited!
Just downloaded the update and looked for this video from Juice to see whats new, I'm super excited!
just bought hard copy cyberpunk for 10 bucks, what a nice discount for a ps5 game
I admittedly never gave this game the chance it deserved because I was disappointed in the product given but I never could refund it I still believed it had potential to be a good experience I waited patiently for a year and finally some promising news if this delivers on what is promised I will forgive them and maybe get the witcher 3 which I've heard from friends is pretty good but if it's a year wasted I'll never revisit it again and see it as a sheer disappointment not worth the time of day
This update corrupt my whole game im thoroughly upset right now
This should've probably been the day 1 patch, but it's a good step regardless.
Plus my Bolero rally Nomad jacket I spent over 24,000 eddies on for 3 mod slots now only has 2, feeling robbed 25,000 eddies back please.  But yeah the new update is great, but starting my lowest character again to see how it is from a new play through. Plus the tables are still bobbing up and down when sat at them, still not fixed.
Is there a way to change tattoos? It's not in the mirror. But perhaps a tattoo shop?
So the game is not in early access anymore ?
Is the update on PS4 please help I don't know
nice detailed overview of this patch.It shows how in alpha state was this game in 2020 after release.I hope so expansion aside of the story will be filled with that improvements to make this city more alive and fun.
It just sucks that they been having to deal with just getting it to a good state this long that we haven't had a "real" DLC in the form of more game play
yeah ,we're still not even half way to what we were promised at launch
Totally nerfed my armadillo mods from about 168 to 48.
I like how V's use of a bed reflects the game.
Let me get this straight.. during romance scenes the controller will act as a vibrator? NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL NEXT GEN GAMING
Time to play it now. I bought a few months ago during a 1 day sale at Best Buy. I have been waiting for this update to finally play it.
A lot of people with physical PS4 copies of the game (incuding myself) are getting a "data corrupted" error after downloading Patch 1.5 (flaged as 1.51, for some reason), which can't be corrected by reinstalling the game. Honestly, I'm not even angry, I'm just laughting.
PC players while watching this "Nexus has been our update since launch" lol
still no full 3rd person mode :(
Thesee changes are cool but how is the update this large? My internet is terrible where I live and its going to take 2 days for it to finish!
This is so awesome.
HOLY JESUS YES!!!
I hope they pump some life into the city.
They removed a ton of the random loot that was laying everywhere,  Moved containers, added a few.  Mainly to keep things from being stuck in the frame and textures.
I'm not against it, but I feel like they're doing all this extra work just to avoid putting in a New game Plus in cyberpunk. It feels pointless to play cyberpunk if people have to start again from the beginning with a new character and a set of skills instead of carrying over from your last game to the next and that includes the updates and mods.
I would really love to run around with a friend of mine co-op they really need to implement that!!!! CO-OP
Is it time to jump in on pc or not yet?
On steam it's 43,4GB but 64,1GB write size
Are there police chases?!?
Dead game lol 💀💀💀
cyberpunk is finally on beta stage
‪I just started a new game with the new 1.5 patch after not playing it for a yr! Played 24hrs originally and stopped, but excited to restart it on my Series X. 🤞
From the footage you are showing the game looks like it runs at 20fps when there are crowds 😂
Console wants mods
Anyone know the names of the new gift weapons you get from doing every gig for the fixers? Can’t tell what’s new because they all look like stuff I already have
when in a vehicle as a passenger the driver isnt driving the car hands dont turn the wheel   police aren’t on patroll they appear when you commit a crime  they dont even use the cyber technology as much as they could  you cant swim  you cant fly any aircrafts
Love the fact that CDPR is still working hard on the game, i honestly just wish that NG+ was part of the dlcs that has been added, really want to experience the game again from the start with my main character... but overall great job from them
God, FINALLY
I want the DualSense features on PC asap
So game good now, or rather game is what it SHOULD have been. The idea of nerfing a game to run on last gen consoles is stupid and I am glad they are dropping it. Also why are we still calling it last gen and next gen? Isn't PS5 just current gen now? Regardless I am glad the game is getting all of this attention. Hopefully it can keep getting better and wash off the stench that was its release. As it always was a good game at its core, just buggy due to it being launched a year before it should have.
I would've thought the series S could handle 60fps with RT
Really hope the perk bugs are resolved. If so, it may finally be time for my first playthrough.
This is a wonderful foundation to move forward! Keep up the good work CDPR.
Good, just 14 months late
I am pleasantly surprised by some of these updates, making this game feel like an actual RPG. A new play through sounds promising.
For us people that modded the game, the update causes some problems. For me CBT dosen't work, my Fem v is bald for some reason lol
Will the free trial be available for PC.? 🤔🤔
I saw that they added new secrets in the world I cant wait to find them!
Trip how the basic thing of changing how your character looks took over a year to do. So sad. It is almost at a launchable state.
My ps4 version savefiles all work with the next-gen upgrade without transfering anything over. There are all still there and functional!
cant even launch the game anymore after the patch
HAD TO CLICK OFF BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT GETTING TO THE POINT... LEFT A DISLIKE AS A GIFT TOO.
The whole game is smaller than that on ps5, it's about 56gb. That 60gb patch is probably the whole thing and it swaps it out at the end.
I'm just happy they removed that ugly filter from the character creation screen
No car customisation or the ability to wear what you want plus no new game plus is a big let down.
Curious to when they'll add the first expansion. Before or after all the bug and qol updates
As someone with a 1080p screen I don’t want both modes to have 4k if it means either RT at 30 fps and low settings at 4k 60, I’d rather a 1080p mode with RT that still hits 60 fps
This feels like the "finally out of Beta" update, which is exciting because now they can fully focus on expansions and improving the game even further.
Great video man. Glad I found you're channel over a year ago. Keep it up and thanks for the news can't wait to jump back in the game
time to clean out the mods and wait for updates, but be fun restarting and seeing how well this update plays.
This update didn't do crappa you get 10fps boost, everything is bad right now the apartment they say is a lie all it does it changes the floor color and the rent apartment are not that good you can hear shooting and police sirens inside apartments with zero activity outside also talk about the water LOL biggest lie ever told it just loads up texture  when you throw a 'nade in water with some water pixxie sprinkle, police spawn are random when you shoot publicly can evade in 5 seconds when you enter a store or run. hope they either release cut content or leave it
So patch 1.5 is out now? I thought it was "coming soon."
i cant wait for the final skill tree
I’m not ready for this update playing it on series s
Now to wait for mods to update
I’m so happy for this I love this game so much, it’s so beautiful.
Just wanna use my brain dances
Update is 47.09GB on GOG PC here
im glad you're going over the stuff but who cares about what comes to a 10 year old console or not?
I bought cyberpunk last year on sale but have been waiting for a significant patch before I start playing. This looks like it might be the one.
Great video thanks !
If they give us a new game+ I’ll hop back on
I will be curious to see what was done on the last gen systems as that’s what I’m currently stuck on and my computer is not got a vary good graphics card in it as there too expensive right now
Where is Cyberpunk Online?
I gave up hope long ago my man the graphics and glitches weren’t all that was wrong with the game. Call me when the police can chase you lol
but the most important question do knuckle mods for the gorilla arms now display properly in photomode/gameplay
I have not heard ONE person pronounce Guillotine correctly so far XD  Gee-uh-teen.  You don't make the L sounds.  Gonna be honest, this is lot more like what I would have expected from the base game.  It's disappointing that the police AI is still wonky and that they still level requirements and scaling on our weapons and armor, BUT this is yet another step in the right direction and I hope more drastic changes can result.  We already see in the modding community that we have full apartment customization, shooting from your vehicle, vehicle customization, a third-person perspective and an entirely shop interface framework on your apartment PC.  With luck, CDPR will be able to take some notes from those or just outright hire on more modders to include these sorts of features.
I appreciate the fact that CDPR are still working hard on this game... But man is it a kick in the nuts as a last gen user. It feels like a constant punishment for not having the new console just for CP77. No other crossgen game makes me feel like that. I'm downloading the patch now and I hope there is some stability there, I can see this is a good game but it's so hard to see under all the technical issues still present.
Iv`e only just got a PS5 disc edition, please could someone tell me, do I have to wait until the disc is on sale or do I buy the PS4 version then download the new patch? please help. Many thanks.
it's 43 gb though
It's rediculous to have a 4k TV and literally be unable to play games in 4k 60fps.
I played cyberpunk on my ps5 but the ps4 version so how would I transfer that data?
How much? On ps5 the whole "next gen " version is 55 gb thanks God for Kraken compression,what I have to do? Is there in my face begging to be pick up and tbh I prefer a native version than a patch, btw I  do like the next gen thumbnail but it was male V before this feminitization in gaming is getting annoying,but again I love this thumbnail
People expected too much from this update. What the update essentially is, is a new base to work off of for cdpr to add expansions proper.
I want a DLC the heck with next generation BS .
Game would’ve been way better at launch if they just didn’t even make versions for last gen. I think they should’ve went all in with the new gen consoles from the beginning but that’s just me
This looks great.  Feel like this came out of nowhere.  Very nice surprise.  I do hope they still are planning on big paid DLC content down the road.
Maybe its time to start my 100% playthrough
man I'm just happy I finished the beat on the brat side quest before they patched that exploit xD
The download size is my opinion. I think the call of duty games have those already, where your basically getting call of duty again after downloading a 60 GB update. Also thank goodness my Xbox series x came in last week, been waiting since release for one. Just in time as well! Great video juice! Very informative as always. :)
They didnt fix Police ffs
I’d look back at your channel just to see when you’d post the new update after already seeing you uploaded about cyberpunk today I thank you sir
finally. So much of what we were askng for. There's probably a long way to go, but this is a good start
It crashed  my ps4...... nothing is ever easy
even as someone who is getting the most screwed with this (One S player) I'm still excited to reinstall the game and play it again with the stuff I do get, the new guns seem like they could be fun, plus I haven't actually beaten the game yet anyway (was going to do every side job I could and try to get to the level cap before the final mission) so new things to do and get before then is great
Ps4 update is corrupt. 50gb+ 3 hours. Now reinstall.
Huh, I guess its time to install Cyberpunk on my new PC.
I literally spent 2 hours tweaking and installing mods and major overhauls a few days ago and they drop this today
I’M HAPPY WITH THIS UPDATE.😺
So hyped I bought the game again lol since it was on sale
bruh i just found it and im surprised holyy
YOU CAN SLEEP NORMALLY ON THE PILLOW!
everytime I wanted to play Cyberpunk again I said to myself "Let's wait for the BIG patch" and I think it's time :D
I hopped on for a couple minutes on series X. Honestly I don’t see any major visual changes lol. Doesn’t feel like a next gen upgrade, just feels like the same exact game.
whaat you laid down on the bed like a normal human being
There is a bug on psn where theres no option other than trial and to buy the ps5 version. When will Sony simplify this nonsense.
Ok, so yesterday i completely restarted my playthrough of Cyberpunk so i could get certain weapons and gear i missed out on. Now that the update is out, would it mess up any progress i made? The last thing i did was begin The Heist.
So is Cyberpunk finally in a playable state? Because I got an email from GOG saying that Cyberpunk is on sale.
Man I hope they rethink not going online multiplayer.
Time to get this cheap so I can finally try it out. Been waiting for the ps5 version.
the part where you mention that the PC version isn't getting the "next gen" upgrade is kinda false... The PC version already HAD the next gen features since the launch of the game basically.
On ps4 its corrupt.
It is still a broken piece of malware, don't bother
We finally made it.
Honestly it's great to see them finally dropping some really noticable changes and additions, seems like adding content will be easier now
So for Xbox Series X it’s just an update? Or do I have to download a whole new thing too?
tbh as cool as it is to get these little updates, these days thats not as much what i want from creators, like yeah it came out buggy, but tbh most all these little issues, theres going to be mods that fix it anyway for just about whatever problem you get lol, I just want more actual quests and content, me being able to change my characters appearance without mods is not going to make me replay again yet
Stat boosts for doing stuff at your appartment is a huge QoL upgrade. I never understood why I needed to sleep in the game.
Finally the game is in beta
Thanks, man. Great video! Saw the update on steam and was like "Is my game just redownloading itself?" lol, wasn't expecting this.
Does anyone know when the ps5 disc version will release? instead of upgrading a ps4 version?
Another meh update.
Still no option 2 get that annoying final mission prompt off the screen.
Lol I can't even load the game after the update on PC, the game just crashes before it even gets started.
water ripples let's go
Im so Excited for this Csnt wait ro Download this Hope they add New Game+ Next Update
dl from GOG is 60g
Yo man, stop saying “next-gen”. It’s the current generation. It’s been over a year.
As long as the series s version runs at a stable 30fps its fine
I’m kinda excited to jump in again on ps5. I played half the game on stadia when it came out. According to that graph it looks like stadia may still be the best place to play.
I ordered this game like 2 weeks ago I got far into the story where it got stuck and I couldn't progress farther into the story
PC version games are native next-gen from release. This "Next-gen" term is only consoles
Is the one x included in brick consoles for this game?
Great video, thanks. Please don't use the term "gyped". It's a slur against Romani people my dude.
I was surprised when I opened steam and saw a 45GB download, pretty insane for a PC update!  Edit: I am stupid
I was really hoping for transmog lol but still this an awesome update!
i really hope they fix driving ngl its so bad
4:16 My man pawel, it even sounds like something he'd vouch for
If i transfer my game over to ps5 from my ps4 will it change into the ps5 version?
Can't fix that writing though.
I'm good with redoing trophies I love when they give us two trophy lists tbh
There is still no transmog system so I am still not playing this game I'm playing Star Wars the Old Republic new update instead because they actually care about people wanting their characters cool with their outfit system
I'm glad I waited
I just love it
Let’s go
Will it be any good I wonder 💭
Im still waiting for better clothing and that Katana that lights up like your mantis blades with thermal damage
Man, those updates are getting ridiculus, even the ones that doesn't change much for someone with really bad internet like me it's really anoying and takes days to download...
Crazy to think people still actually play this, prob the same people that still play 76.
LETS GOOO
I feel like i will replay the game from beginning
Can’t wait to see for myself what this brings!
Shalom
Nice
Hi
