i dont want to hear people say,"It's only Luton" if we win 3-nil...(foreshadowing)
So Luton match is a big match huh? What kind of weed do u take?
Grow your Organic Followers on Instagram with my app. This app only costs £2.53.
Get rid of Maguire & Lindelof soonest otherwise we will be humbled like we did against Place.
We just play counter attack football against top 6 we don’t need  Ole for that!
A boy asked a girl in a library, "Do you mind if I sit beside you"?  The girl Answered with a loud angry voice; "I don't want to spend the night with you!!  All the people in the library started staring at the boy and he was embarrassed.  After minutes the girl walked quietly to the guy's table and said to him I study psychology and I know what man is thinking, I guess you felt embarrassed,right?  The guy responded with a loud voice :$300 for one night That's too much!! and all the people in the library looked at the girl in shock and the guy whispered in her ears,  "I study law and I know how to make someone guilty....🤭   If you enjoy the comment plz do “savscribe”to my channel...., I know I had written wrong spelling and grammar 🤗 But YouTube don't allow promotion... It takes only 5 seconds, thank you ❤️🙏🏻  [If you don't want to do sub*****e, it's OK but don't  spread hate 🤗❤️’] Have a nice day 🙂
I challenge everyone to like my comment
Normally when things get a little tough or when the board refuse to invest in the squad Pogba has a cry and goes public about wanting out. Pogba and Riola have been unusually quiet apart from a short message about the possibility of a contract renewal in the near future. It all seems a little out of character, I’m very suspicious considering Pirlo and Juventus have gone quiet also. I feel as soon as this window closes it’s all about Pogba refusing to sign a new contract and the board have given him a reason. We all know Juventus likes a good free transfer, as much as Pogba and Riola like increased wages from negating a transfer fee. I feel the wool has been pulled over Woodward’s eyes again, I personally feel a gentleman’s agreement is in place for Pogba to go to Juventus as his contract is set to expire. I know United have the option to extend one year, but the board is doing everything to save a pittance but this mishandling could see them lose another 80 million by failing to invest. Thoughts?
More ads please
Auto Like and Comment to Specific Accounts for Instagram and also other features. This app only costs £2.53.
hopefully we win so I tin feel better I just lost my cat
you forgot to put an advert on
You said.. Ole is not a pe teacher because he beat the big boys. You also said 5 mins before that we can’t be compared to City because we ain’t  very good team without new signings. But that same time beat the big boys with the pe teacher. So make your mind up.
He predicted it,it was 3-0
we WON 3-0 , something positive
Where’s the flex and kg show today ?
We got top 4 he wants signings he’s not been given the backing it’s not pled fault😂
Ppl need to put some respect on ole name
people are not spinning the result, we lost, city won, the only spin is the excuses people r making for ole
We need good bench players
Sancho and telles 120m + 30m = 150m. Wheres the 3rd player coming from?
Fans who want to put pressure on the board? Stop byuing utd merchandises, especially the zebra suits!
Ole’s tactics are like a submarine captain in a panic:  “ DIVE!DVE!DIVE!”
Haha £150 mill keep dreaming dreamers!!
Need squad depth. So team can rotate regularly. That would fix a lot of injury and other problems.
Goldbridge : your banging your head against a brick wall there a 50/50 split with united fans those that are Solskjaer out & those that are thinking with there head back the manager like you said don't matter which manager you bring in the result will be the same when the managers don't get backed by the board?
Erick Baily is your most underestimated CB he is quicker than the CB you currently play Maguire is too slow play Baily with Maguire might make that difference you need at CB if you don't get a CB signed in after deadline day is finished
I've watched you countless times and I'm worried about this your obsession for Sancho, my prayer is that he doesn't come  All the English players at United are just waste.
Sell smalling to roma and lindelof to Inter and sign upamecano 😮
If we lose Ole could get the sack
More bullshit from the club
Sorloth would be a useless signing that sounds like total desperation.
Hudson odoi isn't better than James to me
I back Ole to the fullest. I dont know whether he will be good enough or not, but without backing him we will never know. If he succeeds, we succeed, and in a shorter time than bringing in another manager would take.
Do you all honestly think ole gets the best out of the players.?
We don't need CB we have Eric B.
What about the exit squad? Get rid of the dead wood.
Talks 💩💩💩💩💩💩
Big Sam would be ideal for utd
Ole has tactics . But it doesn't work against teams that sit back which are more than half of the teams in prem. He wants counter attack teams mostly. The other thing is trying to press and take the ball high at the peach and hope the attakers score from those advanced positions but we aren't good at pressing teams so we reliant on counter which worked well against better teams that want to attack us.
Been away for a while as i couldn't put up with this guys nonsense, came back to see whats changed and nothing, still as deluded as ever
Yeah mark says he doesn't know why people are Ole out (me personally i'm not), we didn't get signings we need and didn't get rid of some, no pre-season, but at the end of the day, the players we have NOW, in the team, we should be beating Crystal Palace. There has to be an issue with the coaching, the tactics and/or the manager. I agree the board are to blame overall, yes they're shitting all over our club but come on! Crystal Palace at home?!
I think Mengi is better than Maguire and Lindelof....
he mentioned PE teacher so much whats the deal with that lol OLE THE PE TEACHER LOL
Your doing far to many videos Mark!!! You end up talking the same   bu!! Sh! T  time after time. Id suggest one video a season
Man U lack of effort and fitness was alarming
I'm beginning to get fed up with ole we all know he's a legend at the club and utd fans love him but that doesn't make him a good manager i think some of the players he signed are good maybe if he uesd the same  tactics against all the other teams in the premier league the same as the ones against the top 6 teams we could have won the league
Yawnafuckinrama🥱🥱🥱
Utd cannot buy ****. The board is inept and far removed from reality.
FA cup semi final shambles, Europa league semi final shambles and opening day disaster...........Ole is out of his depth and sitting still in the stand with no expression or reaction, when the overpaid bunch wearing united jerseys go through the motions.  We dont have leaders in the squad and we do not have a  leader as a manager.....spells no trophies again...
We lost to Arsenal lol
So it's fine for you to 'change your opinion' but when others do it they're flip flops.. the hypocrisy!
When there are no sands, how are you going to build a castle?
Anyone know where Woodward is moving to . Maybe he is feeling insecure
OMG What r u on MR. Goldfish!!!! So, listening to u, we can't even win vs. Palace, unless we bring in Sancho. Get out mate. Ur starting to get delusional, with ur Sancho, Shaw & Romano obsession.
We all love ole....best manager since boss.... hes got that look with all of them wearing academy suits. With mourinho it was like.... watching amateurs getting out of the bus!!! Looks waaay more professional
Aslong we have victor lindelof at the center back  we not wanner win the chapion leage thats true
Today's game hopefully will fix the fitness
Sörloth is already in leipzig!! Sry bros
Greenwood can offer more if he plays around his usual shooting positions...
Woodward is very lezy chairman. look now we loose thiago. We loose gareth belle. We loose more many players on top of that we axpect to win the games. its not gonnnar hapen guyz
We need to win 5-0 to get over our start!!
Lingard betrayed the club by signing with Mino Raiola, who moves players.  Lingard wanted to move get 1st team playing time, and that's fine.  But instead of signing with anyone else, he chose Raiola, who was using Lingard to sign Marcus Rashford.  Raiola immediately approached Rashford's agency to see if he could get Rashford from them after signing Lingard, because he thought that Lingard would convinced his best friend to switch agency.  Thank goodness Rashford's agency said no, and Rashford will remain with us for a very, very long time to come.  Lingard can go.  We need the funds.
This lad talks so much shite my lord. Saying city were lucky last night. They played excellent and made a mockery of United considering they were under the same conditions (except city playing a stronger side). Mark has a need to undermine every single person who writes into him. This man is drunk on power sitting in that chair
Lol
Get ready fellow fans. 150 million spent by the glazers Bruno   50 million VDB      40 millions Telles   20 million Sarr       40 million  We forget bruno was this summers signing according to the hierarchy. Bad times ahead.
If ole gets sacked due to not getting. In the players needed I'd like beisla,  I dnt want anything to happen Ole
Solkjær is a manager on the level of Utd. He was handpicked and headhunted for a reason, and it is imperative he is seated at Utd for many years.
Bollocks again ,Full of bollocks
Mark keep trying, but everybody can see Oli is a PE teacher
Jimenez ( wolves ) Sancho , upamecano and telles
when is the flex show i like the guys cam rick they know there team
your show is start to be boring first ask rick before you come live
Doing well against the top six but  poorly against the bottom 14 will only get a manager sacked.  Do the math, Ole..
The glazers dont own the club the bank does until the loan is paid off
Is he getting sponsored to say "Ole PE teacher" and "Ole hate highway" instead of giving answers to genuine questions from disgruntled fans?
I’m done with this channel until you start holding the manager accountable. It’s as if he can do no wrongs. It’s everybody’s fault but ole. Pathetic
I'm sorry but ole is the manager ,it's his job to organise his team.  So yes its his fault if the fitness  levels are not up to par. Wenger had his players wisdom teeth removed and controlled there diet , when they was a top team in the premership.  I love ole but the buck stops with him . If he needs players he needs to grow a backbone and scream to the management.
Here is what you DON’T get:  The next time United win the Premier League title the Glazers will not own the club, the current board will be gone, Ed Woodward will be gone, and Ole will be gone. Period. It’s clear, it’s obvious. The entire club needs a complete renovation, and that renovation includes and change in manager.
What happened to the director of football we where promised? This shows how incompetent the board and glazers are, every manager since sir Alex has had no backing from the board and Ed, until United are sold  we will have the same issues every year, as the Manchester United have become a business not a football club.
Why is no one talking about Adama Traore? - he is a Man utd player through n through - an actual upgrade on Valencia at his peak and can even improve
To be honest these players we have are more than good enough to beat palace.
I can see why a few united stand presenters have left. You make out you're open to other peoples opinion then say they're all dumb. Tactics!?!? ha ha ha ha. They remind me of england and look who their manager is
We should get cavani on a 2 year deal
I love ole but hes clueless on how to change tactics mid game.
Are u still 90%
Your full of crap mark to be polite
Shut your prat
Evra did NOT say the Glazers love the club, he said Avram loves the club.
What do you mean learning on the job? Ole have been a manager for as long as Guardiola. He is not a new manager.
Announce brooks
Cdm more important than cb
This kid needs a lie down. Contradicts himself regular. Armchair General
Cavani is free !  Jan Vertoghen was free ! Marke we hate Ole cause he is not a good tactical manager
Sale lukaku to buy sorloth .... is there a bigger joke than this?
thousand of  player in the world .. what u thinking off?? if too expensive buy other, if not good enough then sell the player.... if player no heart to play... sell then... why united becomw like this... ed and glazer the answer..... GTH....!!!!
Vdb needs to start all games if not I’m ole out!!!
Null & VOIDERS just keep on giving 🤣🤣🤣
Lindelof is a good center back he jus had a bad game he's not da only one who make mistakes
manu should sell Lindeloft,Pogba, Maquire n Rashfort
Ole has tactics his just not world class yet
There’s no swoop, only skulking around the back door at this point
We got the Won a couple of games vs the top 6 trophy
Linguard delle alle swap deal maybe?
sorloth has just signed for leipzig
The people who say ole out is like judging a fish to climb a tree
FPL CODE FOR MARKS TEAM PLEASE!!
OLE AGENDA ONNNNNN what normal person would want man sacked after his first loss in like 30 games? SAF would applaud that himself as a very great achievemnt in the PL (excluding that Sevilla game) Ole will need signings and an actual supporting board not a board that backs him but supports him
Sørloth plays with Haaland on the national team.
Sorloth has signed for Leipzig
Change the world by being yourself.
I love Ole but why do we play across the back all the time? Our left and right backs are expected to be the most creative and attacking players when we attack. The wingers are mainly strikers who tuck in. Our centre backs push deep into the opposition half leaving the paceless centre back exposed. Because the CBs arnd full backs gradually work their way too far forward it leaves no room for the forward players. We then try to tiki taka our way through to goal. The board have let us down appallingly but Oles tactics ain't the best.
hi
That is what happen when a football club is run by a banker!! Absolute mess
didn’t evra only talk about avram loving the club??
Sorry to hear that
Why don’t we go in for Suarez on a free that would be adding quality to the bench
If luton & united we’re playing in my back garden tonight id pull the curtains!
It's kinda sad that we now say we are deluded that manchester united fans are deluded to think we can get a caliber of player as Jadon Sancho. Shows how much our expectations have been eroded by the Glazers...
Well done Max on the super chat. Goldbridge has said several times if you’re Ole out you have no football intelligence
Man U is better than what people portray it to be, but please don't say you should have beaten Liverpool FC, you did not stick to facts.
Glazers woodward out. Boycot the club. Everyone needs to stand up to this bullshit now. Enough is enough
People actually don't make sense when they say managers don't have tactics. They can't even explain those non existent tactics they are talking about.
Not signing is not an excuse for dropping points
Why joel glazer blocked sancho's move?
Reality is Mark yes we have a brilliant record against the top six but also lost too Cardiff, Everton, Newcastle, Watford, Wolves, Burnley, etc etc. Based on that evidence along with the countless amount of bad tactical decisions. I come too the conclusion Ole is a indeed a P.e teacher.
People should stop listening to Ricky saying Bruno and Pogba can’t play together!! Well said Mark, that they can play together and pointing out the facts with all the wins last year!!  A new CDM and CB are more vital than Sancho in my opinion!!! Kante and Upamecano Kante doesn’t play in his best position at Chelsea and I feel he can do a good job for us Need to sell Jones, Periera, Rojo and Romero!!  Gazers Out!!!! Ole In!!!!!
give him time it!s 1989
United will sign Sancho,now and next year Ronaldo to revive the Ronaldo and Messi rivalry for one last time..after Messi comes to Man city..
did he get 150 mill ?
Lets get behind them, the players need motivation, Luton tonight, they are on a high... come on boys, snap out of it, take it to them and smash these. 👹👹👹
I would swap pogba  for grelish anyday,,,,pogpa needs to go,,,,,,,,
Sørloth is going to leipzig 100%
Before even starting lemme guess, sancho and telles are in this video
My opinion on Marcus Rashford, when he doesn’t overthink and overplay things, he is a top class player. But he takes too many touches and tries to overplay at times. When he first came in to the team because of an injury to Martial against Midtyalland he was a revelation and just played so freely and without pressure,  same the following season to a certain extent, but then for some reason after all that early promise, he stumbled a bit and some United fans got on his back and I think he took that to heart. Bottom line he would be a great addition to any team as he has so many qualities, but all he needs to do in my opinion to reach that world class level and push to 30 goals a season is, simplify his game and don’t overthink things.
Problem is Man U think they can dictate all the terms in the transfer mkt but in reality everyone plays Utd for the mugs they are - just look at the Maguire xfer.  They did not need Van De Beek, do not need Telles but need a decent CB and a Right winger. Unless they get Sancho the season is over before it has began for utd.
If fosu .James. bailly .Brandon. dalot .Pereira. lingard etc. Starts a game we will lose. For sure 100%
Fred pogba and Bruno Fernandes play well again
If United Will Spend 150 m Can To Sign More Than One Player With Salling The Weak Players  • CF Num 9 ➡ 35 : ️40 / 50 : 60 m Ben Yeder / Raul  • RW ➡️ 25 / 35 m Berardi / Bailey  • LB ➡️ 20 / 25 m Telles / Josens  • CB Left Foot ➡️ 30 / 45 m Badiasheli / Torres  • CDM Strong , Cheap ➡️ 10 : 15 m Sangare / Diallo
Transfer blitz ? Are you kidding me ?
38:34 he wasn’t talking about people calling you names in the comments. He said when someone’s opinion is different to yours there an idiot... or a flip flop or you have an agenda. You just deflected the comment and said well people call me names so go watch another channel? Get a grip Mark.
The owners, ed and the manager are not good enough. Mot one but ALL
Ole and lamaprd two pe teachers
Well, hearing that Ismaila Sarr is Sancho alternative!!!  What a climb down!  At least I can hope that Sarr proves me wrong!
Excuses, excuses...we lost Palace at home again.. should have at least created a lot of chances..
OBVIOUSLY,,,,we have tactics when playing top 6,,,,,,,,,,SO MARK WHERE ARE THE TACTICS FOR THE OTHER ,,,, 32 clubs??????
90% Sancho club. utter bullshit !
Ole out
mark you said b4 the palace match, we will win,,,,,,WE SHOULD WIN,,,,,players fault, i agree,,,ole,s fault too,,,,,in apr you stated in this covid era sancho should be around 85mil, now you state 108mil has to be paid,,,,,,,,,?  woodward out,,judge out,,,,,VAN DE SAR IN<<<<<<
No need to waste resources ole can't take the club forward. A better and experience coach is needed in Man utd
Glad to see , Carrington was finally touched on ie., the fitness team. There are many in that center, who are either not up to the job, or have just become complacent. These top class athletes should have been ready, mentally and physically. No excuses.
🤓
Ole isn't good enough....but the owners are a bigger problem
Wr shouldnt have lost to burnley wothout Bruno!!!!
I hope we get all players. Then we see OGS isnt good enough
Great mark! If it think OGS isnt good enough Im hater?
I swear he said £150m swoop a few days ago 😹😹
Sørloth is having his medical with Leipzig today and will sign for them.
150 mil to spend but you guys can’t sign sancho ye right...🙄
Your channel sucks
Its coming from before... cause he has never been good enough... do you really think he van be? Come on... he shohldve have had the job from the beggining
We should keep Lingard and mata sell the rest
We all know that our owners and board are tossers no doubt. However, we can't allow our players to get off the hook. We have many talented players, all on amazing wages. Against Palace they had no spirit no pride in the shirt. Rashford may as well not been on the pitch. McGuire's looked like a Sunday league defender. Pogba and Bruno looked like 40 year olds knackered with no verve. Shaw and Lindloff were a disgrace, no quality and a la k of athleticism. The only player that looked good and interested was Van De Beek. Ole was like someone who knows nothing about football, the team he chose was really poor. He was a legend as a player but is lacking as a manager and coach. What other top league side in the whole of Europe should hire him
‘You have Harry Kane on your wall and it’s sticky’ 🤣🤣 this is class
Wan bisska is worth it but maguire hell no at least 30. Mengi is better then him. How can someone be so slow. He gets paid millions n can’t afford a treadmill
Do u still think we will get sancho??
I have to disagree Mark. Sancho is not worth 108 million. You don't hear any other club going for him for 108 million? No. Only United because they are suckers. Sancho is good, but NOT that good
The reason for Ole out is he got 66 points last season after putting 200M n Jose got 69 in his first season  Just putting it into perspective. N ya getting players or not united should be beating palace..
City are run properly mark I would love us to of beat CP even playing shite..I don’t hate Ole but with that team we should of won simple .those players need to earn their bloody wages ..trust me mark we will not make top 4 ....nearly 2yrs in the job he’s not learning tactics and team selection are solely his choice end of .
Dembele, telles, a nobody to moan at that not many people know but could work out ( someone like Fred)
I am genuinely scared of what will happen if Luton beat us.
I'll admit I was expecting trashing palace and it was a big comeback to reality and got me fuming. I don't like Ole but he hasn't been backed as half as much as Mourinho, before we ponder to sack him we have to back him and allow him to have his squad and have a few games, one game doesnt define how he is doing.
Ole needs to stop being too clever do the simple things first
Am w ok
Goldbridge you were ole out this time last year
I'm patiently waiting for my team, I know united will probably prove them wrong.
People are saying Ole out because his demeanor is of a person who is satisfied with whats happening in and around him. If the team plays sh$t he sits there and does nothing. If Woodward does little on transfers he keeps quiet about it. He needs to be lively and aggressive.
Get Ed Woodward out he’s turning us into a meme
Ole n his backroom staff  Are the only ones that want to bring back utd to the top.  Back ole. Anyone who wants ole out are not utd fans.
Hi Mark, will only believe when it happened. The owners just make a mockery of the club
Our strikers don't make runs into the box let alone can head a ball. Yet we're gonna sign Telles who's main attribute is crossing, good player at a good price but doesn't make sense.
We beat those top sides by parking the bus counter attack football which you have said in the past is the easiest tactic to play. He is not up to the standards we need to progress his decisions have been poor and that includes having no pattern of play, selection choices, game management, the back room staff and some of the signings. Its not just after one game, he got bailed out by bruno and the lift he gave the team which made those who thought a new manager would be better quite down but that game and the last few games of last season just reminded those people that he is not been good enough.
Telles, slorth. Feel sick to my stomach  I swear I thought those would be at Brighton or Burnley.
Just look at who scored in the palace game. Complete evidence that we need good transfers.
McTominnay could be used as a CB in rotation (along with the eventual newcomer), since he hasn't proven himself much for a midfielder. On the other hand he has the physical properties and guards the opponent players quite well. Rashford....oh boy...not anymore on the wing. He is not talented enough and can only put the ball in the net, this is only because he can only finish the action and not participate in the game buildup. Lindelof..I just feel sorry for him as the U-23 team currently seems just to good for him. Teden Mengi must be put in the wider list for each game. VDB in the starting lineup and Pogba on the bench.
Where getting telles, Sancho and josh king are coming in
Crystal Palace is a hard one and United got hurt on the break. When Palace got 1-0 it was essentially 75% chance of loss because Palace is good defensivly and good in counter attack. If United had scored first it would have been a win for sure.
Wat happen if Martial n Rashford dun perform?? Do we need more winger Den Sancho or a center forward.. Think is no more enough. Leading upfront. Please buy.
Get telles go all out for sancho
I like Ole but on team selection VDB played games for Ajax and played against Aston villa before we played crystal palace but was on the bench . Pogba hadn’t played since we lost to Sevilla . Was sick and recovering but he started him. He has to be blamed too
Sørloth is a striker similar to Haaland, not as fast, but better in the air. I would take him over King every day of the week.
Please not sorloth, I beg
On the bright side Van der Beek looked class, just the sort of player we need
we had one shite game and it's Ole out, 16/17? game undefeated run and Ole has no tactics. first game of a season we were not properly prepared for. lets get five games in and see if improvements occur. it's still not end of transfer window so lets just wait a bit. teams above will lose games too  so no need to panic yet. but bruno dvdb and pogba in midfield will work if pogba is infront of the other two.
Why do we need Sancho to beat palace,it's totally ogs mistake
why exactly do we need telles? if we buy a left back and no cb, im baffled. shaw is good enough, maguire and lindelof is shite.
sorloth joining RB leipzig. Man utd never were interested.. Media hyypeee
Well Mark, I'll continue to support Ole as long as he's our manager, and I saw the progress that we've made under him, which is in jeopardy because of the termites that are running the club, and I'd hear ppl downgrading the club, the club is what we love, it is not the fault, the Glazers and Ed Woodward are, so I don't understand why ppl are calling the club all sorts of disrespectful names, it's a shame, and i do believe that Ole can be successful at Old Trafford..
He is so combative to other people who don't think the way he does. When he says he respects other people's point of view.
Mark, I think everyone agrees the Glazers and Woodward are the biggest issues, but please don't ignore the glaring issues we've had with Ole. I can't say with confidence that getting Sancho, Upemecano, Telles, etc. would really solve any of our issues. I'm not Ole out, but he's on thin ice lately with his team selections and naive decision making. You must acknowledge his faults.
Hudson odoi would be a good signing if we're not getting sancho
Who cares if we won against the top sides? What’s the point if we can’t beat sides like Palace? Those are the games we have to win if we want to even get close to challenging Liverpool and City. We beat the top 6 sides by letting them play their game and then hitting on the break. And yes you can say it’s justified to play that way because teams like Liverpool and City are better than us and even now we haven’t got the players we need. I choose to judge Ole on how we play against the teams that aren’t top 6. We are an embarrassment because they let us have the ball and we are absolutely clueless with it. Can’t break down defences at all.
If Sancho doesn’t sign, it’s gonna make not only united look like a joke but Mark will too for covering so much.
I pray we loose
go and look at van de beek he came on for 35 minutes and scored... imagine if we had signed sancho and how badly these players will want to impress on debut and first season
Sancho alternatives: Zaha, Ikone
The glazers gave the present players a chance to prove they dont need more signings until real good players a avaible..but those that a doubtful to keep on the team didn't show worthy of being on manu... rashford needs to step up..I believe manu killed Jesse to make rashford look like a bigg star..
What swoop. Nobody wants to play for MU because of Ed Deadwood and the Glaziers. How I wish that they just disappear.
i feel matic was fantastic for 3-4 weeks till he got his new contract then let his standards slip after just a thought
Flex please have a talk with Mark he's become toxic against fans, ranting the whole videos about everyone that have a different opinion and how they have an agenda and are idiots. It's the same every video now and it's not funny, most people here are probably kids too so maybe Mark should act as an adult and set an example instead of being aggressive and toxic every video.
i just feel the staffing part of the club fitness area ..medical...conditioning and the like is a bit of a first job old boys club
From a Theatre of Dreams to Theatre of Nightmare! Who would’ve thought our lovely Club will get to this point!! Real change happens wen you start messing around with their pocket$$. No buying shirts no buying united goods n watch how fast they will get rid of that big head Ed Woodward
C'mon Luton
Don’t worry lads, we still got Lingard
Ole as no style of play.
Mark :Woodward and George are doing well commercially and that should please the Glazers and any employer but they have no business with the Footballing aspects (including transfer aspect ) of Man United ; and therein lies the Problem ! ; Solution:Get  Director of Football for Man United like other top teams !
9:31 “this ain’t the dog and duck on a Sunday morning”😂😂😂
Rashford is overrated and he needs someone to let him know
Lol mark on is issh again.
Ole said he’s building a team around pogba, but we still don’t have a CDM
Sancho isn't as great as united stand make out, he ain't the be all end all with transfers. United need proven winners mentality.
This made man is so damn obsessed with sancho he thinks he tlking on here with make em buy sancho grow up mate there are very good alternative to sancho
He should be getting more out of the current players
Glazers are the number one problem but mark is so up oles backside
Roy hodson has won more games against top 6 teams. Ole is not a good coach. Team has no style of play till this point. Your opinion is not the right one all the time
What's pr spin???
Too much talking on the man United front one of the things they never did was the sancho case is not finished yet stop the yappi yappi and do the talking they are taking the piss
If I was  Ole , i would resign because board did not back me. That is high profile mangers will do. Ole should expose the board if loves Man U .
Hope the rumours are true
Sack Ole!
Fucking shitty rumours and clickbaits again
No signing no hope 👍
Tonight’s game is not about giving other players game time who didn’t play. This isn’t a Sunday league match for an under 10’s team where it’s about keeping everyone happy. It’s the premier league and it’s our team, if you don’t get picked get better or leave. He should pick the strongest team anyway but especially for this game after the absolute shocking performance the lads gave on Saturday.
Counter attacking and defending well is what got us those results against the top 6 . Now talk about Newcastle Palace Burnley Bournemouth and co .... But you are right we should focus on the board right now but Ole is not the right man for the job
150 million goldbridge stop talking bollox ur making it up as u go along along announce something when they sign someone ur embarrassing mate
Utd should join a WALKING FOOTBALL League they might WIN a league like that
benoit has to come seriously
Mark trying to imitate the glazers with an american accent but still does it in hs british accent
Mark is now annoying me 🙈
If tactics do not work.......it does not mean there is no tactics!! I have heard Sir Alex, the greatest manager, say 'we got this one wrong'.....it happens...Pep, Klopp, Conte, Simone...all of them!
Evra won't fool me by saying one of the Glazers loves United it's nonsense Evra,that's what it is.
Wise words mark. I often disagree with you but your on point
Lost to arsenal as well
This is nothing to do with Ole its the board felt, supporters need to be behind the manager and stop calling him out. STOP Ole is our man.
Apart from world class signings, we also need a world class tactician
gold ridge, do you ever listen afterwards to your Podcasts from the position of a viewer who has not yet been brainwashed as a ManU neophyte? ManU already has spent more than everyone else in the last few years, have the highest salary bill and as you say are being treated as doormats. Is it not obvious that the problem is not connected to spending more. It clearly is in managing and deploying on the players they already have.
Why you keep going into ole for playing mctominay..he was the only fit midfielder...Fred had just come back so did matic...both of them were not fit to start the game and would have probably ended up playing like pogba and Bruno
Try starting by getting a new manager 🙄
Look how far United have fallen...big game against Luton, that isn't United
when will tuanzabe be recovered?
mark he can only improve you have just said it! well obv he cant get any worse! we dont need a manager who can get better or we hope he gets better or hes learning on the job hes been a manager 10 yr is he a slow learner? We need a manager who is at the top of his game NOW! all i hear off you mark is yes ollie needs to improve! BUT MARK we need the team to improve how is that going to happen if even your saying that the manager needs to improve!
Park the bus tactics against top 6 not tactics
I think we did well against the top 6 because we play counter attacking football against them and our players are built for counter attacking football imo
Sorloth confirmed to RB Leipzig for €22 mil, Fabrizio confirmed that we weren’t interested in the first place.
Mark united weren’t in the game on bit to put it down to exhaustion is ridiculous. City played really well for the 1st half and got tired in the 2nd united didn’t play well one bit so how can they get exhausted.
Ole has to go, whatever else may or may not happen he is just not up to the task. We have a better squad than Palace but lose 3-1 at home, why is that? Phelan was just SAFs bib and cone man and I have no idea what Carrick does. Sure we need new owners, but that’s not going to happen so at least let’s get a decent manager.
United had to drop points else the transfer stalemate would last the entire window.
No football fans back in October can't see the Glazers splashing out now.
Those idiot s that have an agenda against Ole" have short memories! Van Gaal Mourinio Moyes Terrible times! Ole is trying to put a long term dynasty in place with his hands tied and you lot think that another manager will do better? Crap! You don't know football and you don't understand United s D.N.A....At this time the best man for United IS OLE"👹
Ole might not be the one who take us to the next title, but he will at least leave the club in a much better state than when he were appointed.
Mark “ stop judging after one game”   Also mark “ that one game where bruno and pogba played together it worked, thats evidence for me we can play both going forward “   🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This guy is deluded, you really think the Glaziers would lose sleep if they don’t sign Sancho ? They business men.  And Sancho not the finished article yet, his got potential, his got this hype because his British
United is not in for anyone again period
I'm not saying ollie doesnt know about football! But hes not a good manager and Mark even said himself hes still learning on the job! But hang on Weve not won a title in 7 yrs so we employ a manager who is learning on the job! It's like making a checkout girl the president of the bank of England because she can add up!
idon belabad
Baillys probably our best centre back, if he stays fit it could be a blessing, also il believe any transfers when I see them officially announced, turning into a banter club man
Didn't oli win all the big 6 games by sitting back and counterattacking which if I remember u saying wasnt a tactic of a good manager
He said AVRAM GLAZIER..  NOT all glaziers ... Get ur facts right..
Ole,please take that change and bring this player from Watford.(ISMAL)
What happened to our youth policy? What happened? We have lots of good young players and could introducing them?
Also mark way don't u get a proper job
So depressing looking at transfers this morning and yet another signing for Chelsea....What’s going on?
Makes me think you are getting paid @The United Stand by Ed Woodward or this title
Also mark is a MUPPET
UTD ARE FINISHED NO LONGER A FORCE OR BIG CLUB HOW THE MIGHTY HAVE FALLEN
Let's leave Sancho and sign another quality right winger for a cheaper price
We definitely win mark
Glazers Out!!! ...
Ole is not learning on the jod, he is coaching senior players for 10 years now.
You having a laugh goldie locks
Even Wilf Zaha, speaking on MOTD, said Palace realised Utd would be unprepared and unready for their first game, and therefore played on that and went after them - very successfully as it turned out.  It is what it is.
Why are you so quick to write off people’s comments when u dont understand them?  Contributer  Clearly meant Leyton Orient/spurs game off but accidentally said Luton. Didnt deserve to be gas lit!
There are no tactics it’s just because we have good players that just do whatever they want and somehow score
Ole should play a strong side and treat it like a preseason. Give some game time to our first team
The glazers are not going anywhere.
Thats right blame the board - not the fucking useless manager.... lol United have spent a fortune and play utter crap football....
I would love to see Said Benrhama from Brentford. But realistically cannot see him coming!! Love to see Sancho at the club but the idiot Glazers have done their best to screw up this deal!
“ Solskjaer's 150 Million Transfer Blitz! ” Yeh right.
Mark deleted all commets against OLE😂😂😂
Ole is doing his best with wat he’s got if the board want let him get the players then he can only do so much with the team he has they screwed Mourinho who got second ole got 4th so how is tht not worth backing him with the squad he has he did gd and with better quality and more options he will be a great manager should bk the manager no matter wat
Better koulibaily than sancho
My man will blame anything before Ole,....... fitness is part of the managers job
I’d leave the left back for now & if we can get upemacano an sancho then I’d do whatever it took I dintsee the point in signing players for the sake of it of there not good enough there obviously going to try and panic buy now absolute idiots the people at the top of are club
Ole out
Celebrating beating the top 6 clubs but team like Crystal Palace have beaten us back to back at Old Trafford lol
Get lamptey from brighton better than William's and would be a great back up for wan but lamptey can play when teams that sit back and telles the same. What you think?
Why do people think if you use the agenda that totally end s the other person argument ?
The board and Woodward are too slow to act on deals. We need to deal faster and get rid of wage thief's or terminate contracts faster -Jones, Pereira, Rojo etc. No pre season deals started
tbf didn't Evra only say Avram loves the club put has the wrong people around him , i don't think he mentioned the other two but i could be wrong
So fans are dumb because they can't see what ole tactics are after 18m. Bit harsh
Im tired of these guys playing with our emotions 😔 I'd rather spend time with my dog
I want Ole to stay and certain owners, woodlouse, judge need to go and go now!!
I'll back Ole bc he's our manager and I think atm allot of things aren't his fault. Obviously I want him to do well, but I do think tactically he's still poor
Mark: If Dortmund told me it was raining outside I'd put my swimming trucks on, half a tube of suncream on and go outside sunbathing bacause I don't believe them.  As soon as Mark lies down to sunbathe it starts snowing.
SANCHO ISN'T COMING...Jesus
i think David Neres is class. i still want sancho cos thats the deal we should do BUT David Neres isn't even that much of a downgrade.
LUHG
U are right mark Ole is tactical genius
I am starting to feel like a prat
I am starting to feel like a prat
We should be playing our strongest side to get some match sharpness
Two things I'm waiting on for confirmation Sancho off - Fabrizio saying its off and/or Sancho tells us he is staying
Hudson is better than Sancho...
United fans should be able to have different opinions without it turning toxic Ole out is moronic Ole out because is starting a conversation and offering an opinion
I don’t think ole is good enough, but he is not the biggest problem, so lets concentrate on the real problem.
The glazers out!!!! Matt judge out!!! & that absolute joke of human being ed Woodward out!!!!
Sørloth was top scorer in Turkey last season. Is a very good striker but not used right in Palace.
Hi Mark - I think Evra's comments were in support of Avram Glazer. It was Joel Glazer he was throwing shade at and Matt Judge. But all in all we could care less about any of the glazers lol. They have run the club dry.  Keep up the good content!
We are slowly turning into AC Milan
we will not make another signing this is the team we will have to go into the season with
Stop this bullshit..we ain't signing anyone
Marks opinion or your wrong. This was a community but not for a few years now.
Mengi should be our cb like if u agree
Give Dean a chance. We see what He got. I'm sick of De Gea issues. We need a break!!
I think United will get David Brooke not Sancho 😂😂😂😂
Fair enough Ole only lost once to the top 6 but the football in ALL of those games was terrible Even against Leicester it was a rubbish watch. Sat back which is fair enough but lived off moments and good defending for almost all if not all of those games. Team selection shaky and don’t see him personally coaching individuals well. Dan James is a blank canvas with speed, teach him how to take someone on and cross. Since October last year barely remember him running at someone full pelt or getting past them
I feel like I don’t want to watch any match for man utd, anyone else?
no players in because you don't know how to sell 🤷🏾‍♂️
I have been saying this forever since march, Sancho goes to united and Hudson Odoi goes to dormund
It's just a cup match no-one cares
Ole knows how to counter attack teams that get at United. (i.e top 6 teams). When lower teams sit and play defensive Ole and United get stumped and have no idea what to do. Thats what people mean when Ole has no tactics
Get smalling back in the team
People thinking we will get top 4 with this lot of jokers
Goldbridge buddy, be careful pointing fingers at the GLazers. They look like the main gangster bosses from Guy Ritchie movies and are actually american to boot. And with the same British bad teeth.
Stick by Ollie
Why does Ole not just play a 4-3-3  That will sort out the Pogba and Bruno situation.  Both of them are better as no8 than no10 or no6.  So why does Ole persist on this 4-2-3-1
The board is paying Mark to spew this garbage to the fans..
BIG GAME against Luton  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH  How the might have fallen xD
Mark you have an agenda, and it's to keep Ole in despite his misgivings. It's getting boring. We also have eyes, and this guy is incompetent. He might have scored a goal in 1999 but he's no coach
Excuses fc
Woodward and the glaziers dont pick the team
Bruno improved our form not  Ole's tactics.
Well if United do go and spend €120 on Sancho and €20M on Telles thats most of the £150M gone anyway. £150M is about €170. Hudsom Odhi is on massive wages at Chelsea and he csnt get a game there
Greenwood and wan bisakka didn't start because of disiplinary causes.
30:43 😂
Mark you're sounding a plonker.  How can you say ole is not at fault when he picks the team and the decision to not play fred and he choices with not starting van der beek. Regardless of what utd spent. That team should beat palace.  And not only that but why did utd get rid of zaha. He is a class player and far better than half the options we got up top. Obviously huge error there too, or why utd are not looking to sign him back or have a buy back clause its ludicrous.
Manchester United players are not discipline
we won top 6 teams playing on the counter attack because the top six were stronger last season we just had faster wingers we couldnt the smaller teams bcoz we are not strong enough beat. now transfers will make us strong stop these nonsense
21:04: yes thats exactly what you said mark. you told the guy who thought Ole had no game plan to "go get some footballing intelligence" and then when you get called out you changed your story and start talking about "overreaction".. no.. your ego is just massive and you like to belittle people now
would ndidi be a good cdm for utd ? mark ?
I DONT WANT SORLOTH HE FAILED AT CRYSTAL PALACE. WHY ARE WE TARGETTING PALACE REJECTS 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
8:59 Counting with Prat 🙏
Please give traslate to indonesia language
Mark always talking waffle
Go back and watch your own videos 6 months ago mate. You say Ole only beats top 6 sides because its sit back hit em on break. That there is no tactics. Your words. Hypocrite
Central defender? How about Tarkowski from Burnley? Would cost c£45 million. Not got a creative bone in his body but defends well, gets the tackles in, wins headers and every forward in the Premier League dislikes playing against him! Would never get bullied like Lindelof did on Saturday!
LOL mark talking about the players not being fit isnt Ole's fault. lmao. now im convinced you really are delusional. you have a fitness department? yeah.. and who manages that? Ole. whose responsibility is it to make sure the players can perform to the best of their abilities? Ole. The buck stops with him. You're just fanboying now. if the fitness department isnt getting it done then it's ole's job to make the changes necessary to get it up to scratch.
Mark has no shame. Really bringing up our park the bus tactics against the top 6 to defend the manager ????
I wanna know who liked Fellini???
At least Give Ole the players he wants, then you can start judging him.
Bollocks mark you know nothing you’ve made yourself look like a fool in this transfer window way more than any other in the past, embarrassing
Ole is not bad. He just gets his tactics wrong sometimes. And he lacks the boldness to try new things when a system is obviously not working
Quite delusional, Ole is still unable to breakdown a low block his only tactic is sit back and counter ffs, and u call him a novice yet he’s been in management for 12 years.
*Sancho blinks*  Mark: Welcome to the united stand, Sancho to united is back on lads.
why do you hate mctominay ...I think he's better than matic and fred
Ole out now
Hope greenwood will play.
Same old bullshit ... who cares anymore?? Even Newcastle are signing players. Let that sink in
United lose tonight it will be very interesting to see how the broad will react . they probably pay double for all the transfer target WELCOME TO UNITED WE BECOME THE CHOKE CLUB
Ole has only Plan A, i dont remember winning a single game after conceding a goal... Ole cant change a game.
May Matt Judge rot in Hell
Gary said 4-5 players, and its not impossiable, we can if we will!! and im NOT impressed about what you saying Mark, beating the big team playing COWARD football, i rather lose with honour and playing the right way! and excuses about fitness and pre season is are joke, we should ALWAYS beat Palace with this team! We NEVER played title football, Decent at times, but thats it, im always borring watching us!
We got all those results by just sitting back and hitting on the break eith quick players ntn special about that
That rashford question was a good good question.. how do we keep that boys form up.. and his consistency.. it's a challenge for ole.
Ole has had 11years coaching experience you can't say he's learning on the Job
Everybody had the same time,man utd had an extra week in Europe,so they were given one more week to prepare....this excuse is disgusting
Even seeing the result against palace is making me sick
why arent we looking at Ruben Dias from Benfica ?
The players were ‘fit’ at weekend, they just weren’t march sharp. There’s a difference
Manchester United should focus on creating a competitive squad. Improve the passing, general play, more options and goals. Stop trying to the deal negotiations win on the field
We need to get our first team match fit asap.  They should all play tonight.
Hudson is going to Dortmund
I just hope united can't get back to how they were before 🙏
Give me ole anyday
Can someone please explain our playing tactics.....are the players just expressing themselves or is there a particular playing pattern
No style of play the only reason we did well against the top 6 is because we had space to hit on the brake
The United stand full of bad luck
🍞🧈🥒🍅🥓🥬🍞 is this a good Sandwich
I'll say it again, Ole is the right Manager for Man Utd. Sir Alex is the greatest manager but his tactic was only 442... he doesnt even coach the players! Ole at least improves the forwards.
The pogba and bruno cant play together is bullshit.. give those two time. And you will see.
We will not sign anyone this week one desperate signing next Thursday
I Like..... The Sand Castle and The Empire Building Comparison....  Hehehehe
Dude that would be brilliant!! Get that ole tactics thing out there.. show the guys that dont understand football what it's all about.
Hopefully we sign someone
MARK sometimes you talk nonsence having ago at the bloke calling him blind! If your telling me that our team and the  players ollie has at his disposal should lose to palace at home and your saying he not been backed! The players we have now today should be capable of not losing at home! He picked mctom! He picked rashford who not fit! He keeps playing the same way and we beat the top teams on the break we didn't outplay the top teams we got outplayed and hit on break thats not a long term blueprint
Sorry Mark but in those we sat back and tried to hit on the counter with our pace. As soon as Utd have to play or open up teams tactically we are lost.
Brighton this week Mark, big game? For you🤣🤣🤣
Why don't we let the dead wood play tonight and let the first team rest
Don’t find excuse for OLE.... if PEP is MU coach, we will be champion... OLE is youth team coach
🚫OLE OUT🚫
This stupid OLE... had been playing Linderloft and DDH despite knowing the problems with them... since last season... stubborn... insanity, playing same line up and expect different results
Mark. I am sure Evra would know more about what is happening in the club as he is an ex player. I am sure he knows what he is talking about!
We ain’t going to sign any one else and it’s going to be another bad season for us I can already feel that we will loose tonight against Luton we need a complete reshuffle from the ground up
ole is rubbish
A MEDIOCRE Man Utd side should be beating Palace every day of the week?  Maybe it's me who doesn't understand football?  I don't know.
since SAF - WE spent 1B cant lie cant look at the glazers. bad management bad tactics bad buying of players bad sacking of coaching our problems are internal.
I’d like to see Pogba and Bruno switch positions and see how that works.  See Pogba in a more forward role
I think we need  to sign in the right department . Sancho, Centre back and defensive midfielder is much of concern at the moment.
Get that PE teacher out of the club. See wheter he gets another job in the premier league.
I don't think it's baseless all the people who don't see ole out have forgot how we almost got the lowest point total last season. How we played so bad until we got bruno. No manager doesn't have tactics. But the reason you can't see them is because they are not good enough. If tactic are not good enough even the players won't respond well to them. How many times have we had the players say training is basic and not good enough. The problem which people don't see yet with ole is his a club legend and however much he isn't good its impossible to point the figure on him. We have seen this in politics, a person can lead the country to overthrowing a previous bad government and because of what he did he becomes president and if he is not good enough no one would complain about how bad he is even though the economy is dying. People will only go against him when everything is worse than before. That why around christmas almost everyone was ole out. The buying of bruno silenced the haters but the tactics didn't improve. Slowly we are going back to those times because right now we rely on individual brilliance to win matches. Look back at the second half of last season. Even though we buy all the good players but without the right management they won't perform to expectations look at maguire, James, rashford, wan bissaka, however much a player is good individually eventually the bad tactics weigh you down and you become as bad as the overall team. Soon these good players will become average just as the rest of the team without the good management
Your right bro.. every manager that has been here has not been given the freedom they need.. always having to work with one hand tied behind their backs.. we can bring in poch.. but he will struggle just as much as all the others that have been in here.. the leaders of this club have to want to be the best at everything.. they must change their attitude, get cocky prove that we are the best club in the world. Because we have the best fans in the world.
I dont hate ollie hes just not good enough im sorry but you can plainly see how Liverpool play how city play! And I'm sorry but there players are not that vastly  superior to ours!
The club need to stop giving players high wages this is the reason we can’t sell players.
United are on a steady decline; not been in the title race in nearly a decade. Struggle for top 4 which I doubt there get. Liverpool for the title
Clueless ole out
I really I like this channel but I don’t believe any rumours about signings until they are holding up the shirt.
*We dont appreciate Our club being smashed to Bits by Suits from above^ Sack judge , Ed can take a back seat and focus on shirts .. Get a Sporting Director in and take it from there. We Cannot afford sancho, I dont wanna say drop it ^Mark^  But C'mon ✊
I do like ole and dont want him to get fired because its going to take us a step back. But dont make excuses. U were saying saying our players were tired for the CP game. We are not the only club who have had a short time rest.
Mark looks drained every he goes live, this board is stressing fans 🙄
Remembered a few windows ago that we wanted Lozano and Manolas...we shud have bought them then cos Lozano is an awesome winger that could unlock that low block by palace and Manolas is very strong in the air, good passer of the ball and quite fast for a big man...which is maguire and lindelof are not
I never felt more like singing the blues...................oh CITY you got me singing the blues.
Sorry but Sancho is not worth £108m.
I stopped watching football altogether, it hurts now.
The fitness department needs root and branch reform as does medical team. Too many familiar but underperforming faces
noooooo lord lingardinhoooooo😭😭
Manchester United bid for Obama Manchester United bid for Ronald McDonald Manchester United bid for mark goldbridge who cares how I’ll they actually make a move they’re acting like a joke man
I think the annoyance with Ole is cumulative in terms of us just getting over the line at the end of the season, poor team selection, lack of tactics and poor substitutions. So it’s not just come out of the blue. Ole also seems incapable of sticking to a winning formula and selecting the right people. It also seems there is no clear tactical plan in the players minds. So I agree let’s focus on the glazers but Don’t underestimate the frustration with Ole that Bruno temporarily lifted. Essentially when he got the job full time he dug in and surrounded himself with mediocre coaches. You can’t simply label it as a gate agenda please address the argument rather than insulting people who disagree it does not strength your plea.
CHO plays off the left.
I think when people say Ole doesn’t have tactics is a bit farfetched ,he clearly does have... however he doesn’t have his consistent way of playing is the problem, he’s always changing systems and players . He doesn’t have a set way of playing he can play against every team in the league like Liverpool and City ,and yes i will compare us to them as those are our standards.
Sorry but in the matches I've seen Sancho in UCL and nations league (Kosovo and Macedonia aren't top opposition) he huffs and puffs for an hour, does nothing and gets substited. Deadwood FC beat PSG away. The only player that isn't here is Lukaku. What went wrong? No one in the squad on Saturday except VDB would be able to find a parking space on a Sunday night. The players except VDB kick a football like they've never seen it before. Where are the coaches? You drill passing, you drill shooting, you drill movement and set pieces until it's second nature. Now it's players doing a huddle around the coach's tablet. Chelsea refused to sell CHO to Bayern and then he got injured. There's no way JS is worth more than 40 million. BVB is the second best team in the Bundesliga. His situation is similar to Sterling's. A decent player, but it's not as if Barcelona or Real Madrid would want to buy him. United's only ghosting Sancho because Brighton won't sell Lamptey.
Ole ...out
This is one point at which mark will always remain deluded. For those who watched the crystal palace game, solksjaer was not in the manager's area when his team was down, he was sat in his seat. He failed to take mctominay off for the second half. The team was too static and his tactics remained exactly the same for the second half. He chose to play dan James who was a runner vs a team that plays low block. Should've gone with greenwood who could create his own shot. The killer point is that United's team was better than palace's team at every position apart from maybe right wing where it's zaha/ townsend vs dan James. How did we still end up losing. Solksjaer is out of his element. The board is a big problem yes, but with this set of players he should be achieving more and that all proves he isn't the right man for the job.
No Mark, Evra said that Abram Glazer loves the club. Not all the Glazers.
Henderson Bissaka koulibaly maguire telles                       MATIC         Bruno.                Pogba                       VdB              Martial.      Rahsford
We need striker Marcus and martialnotGood enough this 2strikes areuseless they play as someone in swimming pool
Sancho Sancho Sancho, your fucking stupid mark... sancho ain’t coming 🤬🤬.... you have major problems in your head 🤬🤬
Keep Dreaming.. Atleast, there we can sign Sancho.. Reality is, never raise your hopes untill n unless the player is holding the ManU shirt.. WE NEED GGMU (GLAZERS GONE MAN UTD)
I would not  spend big on a CB, if Tuanzebe and Bailly even Mengi stay fit Ole should not have a problem, but he is persistent in picking Lindelof over Bailly makes no sense. Ole lacks a big character if his favorites are not performing well he is scared to drop them. Look how ruthless Arteta has been at Arsenal this is what I expect of a top quality manager.
I think we need a centre back more than we need a right winger.
I hate ole 🤬🤬🤬🤬
Mark you’re soo deluded if you think we need a manager learning to do his job 😐... we need a manager who is experienced to get the best out of the players 🤬
This club plays with my emotions so much
Because ole react to their tactics. Because big teams in epl mostly were in possession with the balls. Ole play like any small team, sit deep and force big team to make mistake. MU lucky enough because they got some quality players when counter attacking.  They can't do anything or maybe something in the open play but ole depends on individual brilliance. That's why MU kinda suck when played against not disrespect others , the small teams in epl. They don't have style or pattern in their tactics.  Big team always set up the game. Set the tempo how they gonna play. How to break the opponent team. And at the same time defend tightly with the same tactics.  I'm not even MU fans but mostly my friends are. They even agree ole is tactically inept and if MU want to fix things, first and foremost find the better tactician. Find the manager who can bring out the best of every player.  Like klopp bring the best out of henderson who mostly said that he's average in technical ability, like pep with sterling and kdb. Or pochettino bring out the best of lucas moura who's been flop since psg. At least something like that. So far ole doesn't have the best player in the squad. Maybe martial and bruno, he need to address a style of play to maximise their ability. Not to react other teams tactical
I would be least surprised if we lost. Thus I am not watching.
Lol 150 mill, nice joke man utd PR
Mark keeps saying that anyone who criticizes Ole,  hates Ole...that's such a load of bullshit...it's clear to everyone he isn't a good manager...the only reason we got third last season was because everyone else was shite...remember that Ole was horrible until Bruno showed up and gave the club a boost
Problem is the sheer size of the squad, yea we need a CB but already have 7 most not making matchday squads and collecting wages, yea we need a CDM and already have loads of midfielders again not making matchday squads collecting wages
Calling Odoi another Dan James because you want Sancho is disrespectful. This what is wrong with football in this country:) if he wasn't that good Bayern wouldn't want him. Sancho was near and if they had proposed him to you you would have said another Dan James. Now he has gone to Germany and you want him so bad for 108 millions. Come on man
What's this '90% club' thing about? I don't get the reference
Mark, I have to say that NONE of these players are on Ole's wanted list.
He said Avram Glazer loves United, thats only one of them.
Can't we replace Lindelof with either Smalling or Baily?
United should not have won against Liverpool !!
I really don't get it, was the team tired from the first minute in the crystal palace game, coz we were dreadful for 90 minutes.
Look everyone played abysmal against Palace alright, no denying this point... How about this one below :-  David De Gea, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood looked atleast ok.. Even Scott Mctominay who is not a DM and appeared to have played badly but in terms of fitness looked better.... For God sakes even James was looking sharper than the rest of the team and DVB when he came on looked apart   Does anyone think why DJ and Mctominay looked fitter than Bruno and Pogba??  These players listed above all played international games for their respective countries and were training earlier than the other bunch  Hence, @MarkGoldbridge your point is valid about fitness issue
Love the Utd Stand and the community around it...unfortunate the guy at the end took exception to your remarks Mark
Don't forget Wolves haven't had a pre-season either!
Ole needs to play full strength team besides Maguire & Lindelof. Today’s game should be an audition for Mengi & Bailly’s partnership
I thought that before sorloth could join United
Can do it for me if you want me to HELP you out Home and the v 2020 fc vs psg
All united have to do is beat top six teams and the tactics will be good enough for mark🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Remember mark we got alot of those results against the top six without Pogba and Bruno.
To fans saying Ole has no tactics- "The eyes cannot see what the mind does not know!"
MARK!!! Duncan Castle has just tweeted we are in for Ousmane Dembele. Get me on the show and I'll break the transfer down for you
Man city have a more settled side they are adding to there team not rebuilding a team. Plus they didnt have one of there star players test positive of covid. Pogba didnt have a pre season.
Every coach has tactics, Ole lacks a style of play.
Sign Bonnie from Swansea
how can you blame the board for everything? remember they have spent a billion in a decade
I respect ole he took a job which he probs knew was above him but he did well in the time he has had hes making united, united again its something i havent seen since fergie hes a great manager and person we just have rubbish owners
Personally, i feel what Evra said is so true, and it's great because of his platform. Also if Avram loves the club you never know how his brothers may just be in for the dividends. The club structure needs amendment so there is a clear philosophy and culture, managers appointed should ADAPT AND FIT with that culture not be trusted with their own. Ole is doing a good job so far, i can see change around the club
Evra said that Avram loves the club none any of the other family were mentioned.
I am going to keep supporting Utd and Ole but I feel we will lose tonight sorry  but  it seems as if we have been here before ?🤔👹👍🏼
What is this thing about a PE teacher? I am Head of PE and sports. I teach PE and coach sport. I am a fucking good PE teacher and coach. I am also a dam good soccer coach. Don’t make PE teacher a stigma as it is like you degrading the profession.
This is the team..   Henderson Bailly Maguire Shaw AWB Bruno Ndidi* VDB Telles* Martial Greenwood
I don't see how Ole is the problem. Ole is pretty brilliant. I think Ole needs to be given all his targets and if he still does badly then we can blame Ole.
Ole showed me, united playing  beautiful attacking game again!
Evra for director of football
Mark Evra said one of the Glazers loves the club not both ☝🏽 I'm inclined to believe him because he doesn't really bs
Ole out..
Can’t believe we let Thiago slip through the net then bagged fellaini 😂
I understand the why we can't keep changing manager . I understand that the Glazers are greedy twats rinsing the club . But i also understand that Ole is out of his depth as a manager . What has Ole done as a manager to warrant becoming manager of one of the worlds biggest club . His team selection Saturday was ridiculous . He sits there cross legged rolling his eyes . Imagine Fergie sitting there like that , watching a performance like that . And yes why not keep Smalling .
FIghting for Europa berth at best.
Arsenal and Liverpool beat us
I don’t blame the manager I blame the owners that took the piss the need to go
Mark he said Avram Glazer, he didn’t mention any other Glazer. Remember you have a whole family involved.
Mark is not getting it when ole is losing he doesn’t have any tactics especially against small clubs
150 million pound spin. Sheesh.
Ole needs to manage the fitness department as well especially for this club.
Mark, get Pat in for an interview?
Evra is trying to lick the glazers arse. He's after a job at United
Ole out
Yes his tactics against the top 6 was park the bus, something that Jose did and everyone was up in arms. You open your eyes and stop the agenda and recite the results against the bottom 10.
Nagelsmann for next manager!!
Ed Woodward and Matt Judge OUT. Get a proper CEO and DOF.
We're not getting anybody,bloody Club.
We run terribly buy glazers... leave this club..
ole out is a thing because if you can't manage them players to get a result then adding more players to  a manger without any tactical knowledge is just pointless and a waste of time, he's fucking clueless and more players won't help that
LOL Mark we played Jose ball against top six / park the bus and counter attack  / Ole is hopeless
I love your analogies Mark.
Your team is good that’s why you get them results he won’t take you up a level simple
we ain't signing anyone..who in their right mind would want to come and destroy their career. The joint is toxic from the bottom up. All the players that have left have somewhat rejuvenated their careers..
City's conditioning was terrifying. Imagine if any of our players had that much fitness on them. We'd thrash Palace. Hope we catch on today and be set for Friday.
Patrice Evra did not say “the Glazers love the club”. He said one Glazer loves the club, please quote people correctly, I watched Evras vlog and he never said all Glazers love  the cub
For those who are on "Ole out" bandwagon, here is a few things you guys can add: As we might have 150m budget, you guys might as well push for another agenda of getting "Pep in" as the replacement for 75m and force Klopp to be Pep assistant manager for 75m. I can see us winning PL tittle very soon by these two coaches coming in.
Doesn’t matter about City .. they got the job done , end off
If you are Ole Out!! You need your head checked!!
Club admitted it isnt looking at CB and going for other positions
Woodward should be treated exactly as he has been and worse / I hope the pile on just rolls on out of control and the entire staff at United are sacked
I respect Solskjaer whole heartedly, he's a good manager dealing with problems that managers like Guardiola couldn't put up with.
Its you who ain't listening mark. Solskjaer got the team selection wrong. Nobody is hating him, his tactics against Chelsea in the fa cup semi was disastrous he's not experienced enough  nice fella but the job is too big for him. But there's no point im sacking him until the owners change no matter where we finish.
150 million 😂😂...I think if they pull off sancho transfer for 108 million it will be a big victory!!
Wots wrong with sticking with a manger over a long period time
Ramano must have linked sorloth with utd that’s why it’s true 🤦🏻‍♂️🤡 and you must love the taste of sancho’s 💩 you’re so far up his ass he won’t help you lot when you can’t defend
No no no its avram glazer not the other glazers
Spot on about the form against the top 6
That was first league defeat for ages.
Better nothing than plan B. Sancho
If you deconstruct what Evra was saying I believe he was trying to say there are a lot of people in between judge,Woodward and the glazers that these people trust that are dragging the club down But in saying that the glazers are the owners so they decide how much they want to spend what if it’s them who have given judge and Woodward a low transfer amount but even if we buy Sancho and telles and who ever this club dosent run properly until we get a director of football who knows what they are doing football wise like Evra said the shirt is heavy if you don’t like it leave
We should not rush into signing a centre back, we need to properly scout a player who will change the entire dynamic of the defence (like bruno did to the attack) which will then give us a chance of challenging liverpool next season. The signing of sancho and telles are needed to give us a chance of reaching top 4.
Mark 90% Goldbridge is gonna have egg all over his face
“This is  Manchester United”...   AND????? I find it difficult to believe your happy with such a poor show in open game goals. How much longer do you think United are going to continue winning games by dodgy pens? It showed against CP, that ref wasn’t having the theatricals from United... absolutely No decent football being played anymore 😩
When you don't play well the goals matter which city did and united can't. Not only Glazers even coaching staff needs a change
COVID is get out clause no signings
They are just saying there looking at three signings, so that us has fans keep off their backs and keep the banter down nothing but lies coming from Woodward
Sørloth was pictured in Leipzig, so it's most likely not United interested.
MU should sign Milan Skrinar, Saul Niguez, Gimenez, carlos Soler, Guedes, Lucas Vazquez and Danny Carvajal
Man U signed lindelof 30mil Bailey 30mil maguire 80mil and still need a Center back haha reminds me of Man City buying 4-5 centre half’s and still looking
2:53 only one glazers loves the club i think is avri galzers or somethin like that
I think this 150 mil thing is BS. We might just get Telles and that's all. I have zero faith in Woodward.
we already have an alternative to Sancho, his name is Mason Greenwood. we need someone better on top of Greewood
Mctominay was not bad against palace
Lol funny to see manu fans who think they have a chance to be top 4
We also lost to Arsenal last season.
A cb and a CDM are a priority with Sancho, if we're looking to atleast compete for the title. A lb and a backup striker are also needed.
Bulit a bonfire bulit a bonfire put the glazers on the top put the Woodward on the middle...
I am honestly tired of United sometimes, my mental health can't go through this tbh
No signings poor we are
I feel for Lindelöf in a way because people where saying he’s are best cb and   now think he’s trash after a very poor game I feel people hate for the sake of it sometimes and yes we do need a cb
another problem that the club been having since Van Gaal. we have a hard time playing with teams that sit back. we just cant tear them apart. this is why we do well against top 6 teams, its because they attack and we hit them back
150 mill my ass!
Woodward and Glazers OUT!!!
Mark Evra said Avram Glazer loves the club with his heart. Not all of them, on the other hand I don’t believe they either but he did only say only him not all.
so happy united are coming to luton!
Ole is a gret person was a good player scored a few very important goals but he is a weak manager. Its not about a empaty. We need a better manager some world class one.
Why would Sancho want to join a club who’s board clearly are not trying to win titles when he knows his quality deserves to.
Nothing will change . OLE and Woodward out.
Woodward out glazers out
watched BVB highlights last not, yeah Sancho aint coming this transfer. i think the club needs a proper CDM to protect the back line
Plz subscribe to my channel talhah subhan
WOODWARD OUT, JUDGE OUT, GLAZERS OUT!!!!
If I ever see lindelof get beaten in his near post so easily I'll lose it
Hopefully we win so I can feel better I just lost my cat
Sørloth is signing for RB Leipzig. He’s having medical now I beleive.
4th comment😁
Lindelof is trash we should try to swap him for kouliably and get telles and sancho
Mark said we won games against the big team. You realize OLE is a robbenhood manager who takes point from the big side and give it back to the lower side. This is United Mate, losing to palace at home is no excuse or blame on poor transfers. This delusions must stop.This manager is a suspect and not good enough, period.
Hey Mark
When Bruno first came to the club we played alot better. Everything went through him in the final 3rd and we were developing an attacking structure! Everyone was saying you could see the style and tactics starting to develop! So Ole has tactics, we just need to get back to that style of playing!
