New member here, joined not even a minute ago! Love your channel and really wanted to see all the behind the scenes stuff.
I don't have the money to become a Bonnie Bee, but with all of the work you've put into this and all the fun it's been for all of us playing it, you deserve way more.
Never disappoints !
Please do a video on the Minnesota flag submissions 🙏
dude I am speechless I just don't even know how you could do this
That was the greatest video maze I've ever seen and I didn't yet explore all of it, amazing work Sir !
I wanted to see all the videos. Yes I did, so I cheated my way through it. What fun!  But oh my, you must be exhausted!
see you next year gray!
After getting the 1 out of 1,000,000 trophy...I felt it. The satisfaction. The reward. The gratify... It felt good. It was the best. I will never forget this moment.
All this effort for rock paper scissors I love it
I lost in the fourth round. And I kept watching. While I was no longer playing, it was fun to watch the odds and their comparisons grow to greater and higher heights.
As a Bonnie Bee I can this video alone is worth 100% of a 1-month ($5 USD) or even really 3 months for those who are honest. <3
This video was great!
You made me laugh out loud at the sheer scale of this while playing. Your videos are always awesome!
Back in the dark ages, when the earth was still cooling and I was working on my Master's degree, one of the assignments was to come up with an idea for a web site. Our group's idea was to do a choose your own adventure kind of book. We had to make a demo of the site, and that was hard work for 4 of us with no HTML experience. (Yes, back then you actually had to code your own HTML. Oh, the horrors!!) I can't imagine how much harder this was to accomplish than our puny little demo site with only a handful of pages.   Thank you for doing this. It was a lot of fun to try a couple of times honestly, then cheat my way through multiple paths to the end.
Managed to get better than 1700 in the whole billions. So not too shabby. 😂 This was so old school awesome - I appreciate the hard work!!
Also love the classic beepey music!
Can I get permission to cheat now? Please? Just to quench my curiosity?
I gladly ended at the bliss of ending at 1 in a million  I truly hated Grey pointing out the unlikeliness of everything
so fun :)
well I missed most of those hundred videos
That was really great! Great game and message!
My adblocker automatically blocks ad cards and I had no clue what on earth was going on in that video
The worst part about all of this is that, assuming we're honest players who ended the game when we lost and totally didn't go back and change our answers so we'd win, this means that there are so many videos Grey put up that won't be viewed by a large number of the contestants. So much effort, so little "profit" so to speak.
Is it cheating that I want to know what happens if you get all the way through?
Ngl this YouTube series was really fun and probably the best YouTube series ever. Thx grey!
Loved this
what video? it never showed up in my subscriptions
Yay it’s out I really wanna see those secret endings
Just wanted to say, your RPS game was much appreciated. Thank you for the experience. It was only a few minutes for me, but the hours and weeks and months you put into this will not go unappreciated. Thank you again for your time investment. Here to you, Grey! 🍻
Did anyone ever get to the final video?
This really hit old school YouTube vibes.
So there ARE multiple choices! I was watching on mobile and lost the first round. Thought the whole build-up was an elaborate troll 😅
Proud Anti-luck here!
I spent a good 2 hours watching ALL of the videos, I'm pretty sure. My computer science graph traversing algorithms knowledge was finally useful for something!
All I could think about while running through the videos was how enormous the work must have been to create it. It was really cool though seeing it.
had no idea you posted a game
I played it yesterday and lost immediately, then explored some of the paths and mused, "This is the craziest abuse of YouTube I have ever seen. It must have taken him ages to do this. Respect."
What a rush… still got a buzz from thinking about it 27odd chances in a row
You really done did a game design on that one. Congrats!
This was amazingly fun and I can’t believe how much effort went into making it you’re amazing!
I'm so happy you did a choose your own adventure video! It was a lot of fun!
CGP Grey: I make Quality Video over Quantity. Also CGP Grey: *makes 100s of videos at once*
Your rule against students is both admirable and bothersome as a student.
1 in 40k gang!!
You're an absolute mad man
dang it, I thought I'd clicked on every path and seen all the videos, and then felt bad bc I felt like I was skewing the numbers, but there's a HUNDRED videos in this??? WELL I know what I'm spending my sunday on!😂
I will print my cerificate of unluckiness and shall never speak of this ever again, thank you.
I loved the challenge, nice
I just became a bee so I can see. I will watch the video when I wake up again.
made it all the way to one in a million, my thought was “ah yes, rock. will carry me to victory.” and then when i went billion or bust, i was like “no, that’s too many rocks. he would never.” AND I PUT OUT PAPER.  IM GOING TO SOB.
I loved the game!
I think I "watched" almost all of the videos and it was interesting how there were multiple different chains of wins.
so we have your permission to explore the maze? we wont spoil some stats thing you are doing?
Great work, CGP Grey! You're aweomse.
Best online game i have ever played
Honestly that video was very fun.
I really enjoy "If you're not a student"
Awesome idea! Great job with the project :))
Wild
Grey, why do you do these things to yourself?
Top 500 certificate holder gang
I certainly missed a couple endings then 😅
I loved it! Thank you so much for creating it.
Grey just overdelivers yet again.
